Sensex falls 82 points on profit-bookingstock exchanges
The benchmark BSE Sensex fell over 82 points to 26,544.21 in early trade on Monday as funds and retail investors booked profits after gains in the previous session amid a mixed trend in the Asian region.
The 30-share barometer, which had gained 157.96 points in the previous session after S&P upgraded India’s outlook to stable from negative, moved down by 82.11 points, or 0.31 per cent, to 26,544.21, led by weakness in metal, PSU, capital goods, FMCG, auto and oil & gas sector stocks largely on profit-booking.
Also, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty fell by 29.75 points, or 0.37 per cent, to 7,939.10.
Brokers said apart from profit-booking by cautious participants ahead of the Reserve Bank of India’s monetary policy review on Tuesday, a mixed trend at other Asian markets influenced sentiments.
They said sustained selling by foreign funds on the domestic bourses too had its negative impact.
Among other Asian bourses, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng shed 1.18 per cent, while Japan’s Nikkei was trading 0.67 per cent higher in early trade.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 0.99 per cent higher in Friday’s trade.

India can see 7 % growth in 3 years: Arvind MayaramThe Hindu Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram also said the government was confident of bringing down the Consumer Price Index close to 6 per cent.
TOPICS
economic indicator
Dr. Mayaram also said the government was confident of bringing down the Consumer Price Index close to 6 per cent.
The economy is moving towards a regime of lower interest rates and can see a growth rate of over 7 per cent in three years, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram said. “We are moving towards a regime where inflation should come down. Going forward, it must come down,” he said speaking at the anniversary programme of Madras Chamber of Commerce and Industry (MCCI) here on Monday.
However, Dr. Mayaram said he was not sure at what point the Reserve Bank of India would be comfortable, but said he was confident that interest rates should come down sooner than later due to the measures such as containing borrowings taken by the government.
The Reserve Bank of India will announce its monetary policy on Tuesday, and is expected to maintain its status quo on interest rates.
Once inflation came down, savings would go up and that would create liquidity for lending mainly to small and medium scale businesses, he added.
Dr. Mayaram also said the government was confident of bringing down the Consumer Price Index close to 6 per cent. On the economic growth front, Dr. Mayaram said the government was fully focussed on bringing the investment climate back.
“Our potential growth rate is about 8 per cent. It is going to take time, because lot of steps need to be taken to get there. In the next three years we should reach 7 per cent,” he added.

Indian Muslims will fail al-Qaeda: Modi“Terrorism in India isn’t home-grown” and Indian Muslims will “fail the al-Qaeda” because all “Indians live by a philosophy charted by Gandhi and Buddha,” Prime Minister Narendra Modi said at the prestigious Council on Foreign Relations here.
On working with the U.S. in Afghanistan, he called for a slow pullout.

Microsoft to set up cloud data centres in IndiaNew Delhi, September 30, 2014
Updated: September 30, 2014 23:51 IST
Microsoft to set up data centres in India
Staff Reporter
The HIndu Microsoft CEO, Satya Nadella making an annoncement at a press conference, in New Delhi on Tuesday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Satya Nadella, chief executive officer of Microsoft, announced this on Tuesday, saying that Microsoft would enable the "burgeoning entrepreneurial experience of Indians".
In his maiden visit to India, after taking over as the CEO of Microsoft, Satya Nadella, on Tuesday, announced that the company would offer commercial cloud services — Azure and Office 365 — in the country from local data centres.
The company will set up three data centres in three cities that will be operational by the end of 2015.
“Last year, our cloud business in India grew over 100 per cent. Buoyed by that success we have now decided to offer cloud services from local data centres. So, this means we will have Azure, which is our cloud infrastructure service as well as our Office 365 service, which brings together all of our productivity and collaboration capability to the Indian market, operated out of Indian data centres,” he said.
Cloud computing services in India presented a $2 trillion market opportunity, he added.
“When you think about the cloud opportunity in India itself, it is going to be a $2 trillion opportunity. Just as in the case of mobile devices, India was able to leapfrog with the adoption of mobile devices. I believe that the cloud infrastructure, especially world-class cloud infrastructure, is going to help Indian companies, Indian Government and every Indian entrepreneur, to be able to really revitalise the productivity of this economy,” he added.
Asked about the investment into these centres, Mr. Nadella said, “I can’t give you a specific amount but as we get started you will see the scale. The initial footprint itself will be quite high.”
Microsoft India Chairman Bhaskar Pramanik said, “…the establishment of our services from local data centres, I think is the most logical move for us. It is a significant milestone in terms of the investment we have made in the country, for the citizens of India, for the businesses in India, for the small and medium enterprises, for the developer ecosystem.”

Cut longs post policy  | Top 15 rate-sensitive stocks that can return up to 49% in one yearbenchmark
(According to RBI, there…)
MUMBAI: The benchmark indices, which spiked up after the Reserve Bank of India's policy meet, pared most of the intraday gains. Banks, capital goods and metals are leading the fall.
The euphoria in the market was short-lived as reality of pause in interest rates dawned upon the participants.
The market had taken comfort from Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan's comments that CPI target of 6 per cent by January 2016 can be met even though there is significant upside risk to it.
According to the Governor, there are number of disinflationary factors underway such as lower crude prices and relatively stable rates are positive for inflation.
However there are some uncertainties on the evolvement of inflation. He said it needs to be seen how food inflation will evolve over time as headline inflation is buffeted by food inflation.
The Nifty has been facing supply pressure and finding it difficult to close past 8,000 mark. According to analysts, the chart formation looks bearish in the near term.
If the Nifty fails to close above 8,050 in the next few sessions then traders should be ready for a sharp correction. The Bank Nifty too is extremely weak and has been unable to rally. The downside here could be severe than the other indices.
"We are failing more and more to rally above 8,000. It is becoming clear that the 50-day moving average is possibly not providing the kind of support it was providing earlier. This time we need to go below the 50-day moving average and then find better support," said Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager, ashwanigujral.com.
"People should assume some short positions. This is a good day to cut down on longs. 8000 is of becoming a stoploss to have for short positions and possibly the market needs to correct more before we can get a sustainable move," he added.
With the RBI policy out of the way, the market is set to react to global cues for direction.
A strong US dollar and unrest in Hong Kong is expected to keep global markets jittery. Indian markets will have an extended weekend due to host of festive holidays and traders would want to keep their positions light incase there is some political or financial surprise.
According to Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com, the index heavyweights, which have done extremely well in the last few months, are possibly giving signals of some kind of marginal momentum breakdown.
He expects the Nifty to correct down to 7,850-7,820 unless the Nifty starts closing past 8,000-8,010 on closing basis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

EU says Ireland grants Apple illegal tax benefitsUpdated: September 30, 2014 17:48 IST
EU says Ireland grants Apple illegal tax benefits
AP
economy, business and finance
Apple Inc. funnels the bulk of its international sales through subsidiaries in Ireland, where it benefits from low, negotiated tax deals.
Ireland appears to be granting Apple illegal tax rebates that may have to be recouped, the European Union’s competition watchdog said Tuesday as it pressed on with an inquiry into the iPhone maker’s overseas tax practices.
If the EU’s preliminary finding is confirmed over the coming months, Apple Inc. could face a repayment bill worth billions of dollars because it funnels the bulk of its international sales through subsidiaries in Ireland, where it benefits from low, negotiated tax deals.
In a letter to the Irish government published Tuesday, the 28—nation bloc’s executive Commission said the tax treatment granted to Apple “constitutes state aid” and therefore raises “doubts about the compatibility” with EU law.
EU rules forbid governments from helping individual companies to avoid undermining free market competition. The EU first announced the tax probe in June, also targeting coffee store chain Starbucks and others as part of a crackdown on multinationals exploiting tax loopholes.
The EU Commission is now requesting further documents from Ireland before making a legally binding decision on whether the rebate granted to Apple is illegal and must be recouped, wholly or partially.
The EU probe focuses on exaggerated transfer pricing, where one part of a company charges another part an inflated price for goods or services to shift profits to low—tax locations.
If Apple had to repay some taxes, the money would come as a windfall to Irish state coffers. However, fearful of losing its reputation as a business—friendly country with low corporate taxes, the Irish government is adamant that no EU rules have been breached.
The Commission said the tax deals Ireland struck with Apple in 1991 and in 2007 show “several inconsistencies” and may not comply with international taxation standards. The Brussels—based executive body also was critical of the fact that Apple’s applicable tax rate appears to have been the result of “a negotiation rather than a pricing methodology” which a “prudent, independent” tax authority should not have accepted.
Apple maintains it has not received a favorable treatment in Ireland.
“We’re subject to the same tax laws as the countless other companies who do business in Ireland,” the company said in an emailed statement. “Apple has received no selective treatment from Irish officials over the years.”
The company added that its tax payments to Ireland increased tenfold since it launched its first iPhone in 2007. In the statement, Apple also said that on a global level, “comprehensive corporate tax reform is badly needed.”
Apple’s tax practices have also attracted scrutiny in the United States, where a Senate Committee last year published a scathing report on the Cupertino—based firm’s tax schemes.
The report held up Apple as an example of legal tax avoidance made possible by the complicated U.S. tax code, estimating the firm avoided at least $3.5 billion in U.S. federal taxes in 2011 and $9 billion in 2012 by using its tax strategy.
Apple one the world’s most valuable and profitable firms sat on some $164 billion in cash and cash equivalents, with $138 billion stashed away in foreign subsidiaries, according to its latest quarterly report in June. The company estimated its effective U.S. tax rate is 26.1 percent, as opposed to the statutory U.S. rate of 35 percent, primarily because of undistributed foreign earnings.
“A substantial portion” of those foreign earnings was generated by subsidiaries organized in Ireland, Apple said in the regulatory filing, adding that “such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S.”

Future monetary policy to be inflation data-driven: Rajancentral bank
Raghuram Rajan on key policy rates: ''The medicine seems to be working...before the patient has run the full course of the medicine, do you want to take a chance and take him off the medicine?''
After presenting Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s fourth bi-monthly monetary policy, Governor Raghuram Rajan fielded a range of questions. Edited excerpts:
Does the RBI have a level of the rupee in mind?
We are not there to protect a level. We are not trying to keep a level in mind and say this will be what we will stick the rupee at. Our inflation rate is different from the rest of the world. The real value of the rupee keeps changing. The nominal value will at some point have to adjust to that unless productivity also pulls up in the economy. So lots of forces determine the fundamental value of the rupee. Our objective is not to stand in the way of those forces.
The RBI’s exchange rate policy, historically and today, has been to prevent undue volatility in the rupee. And so I don’t think anybody should, therefore, assume that it is okay not to hedge foreign currency exposures.
How many more quarters for credit growth to pick up?
You are asking me to look into the future. Credit depends on investment. Investment depends on that nebulous, hard to fathom thing called animal spirits. Now, we thought we had fair amount of animal spirits with the new government coming in and all the euphoria. Now that has to translate into action by the corporations. Some bankers tell me they are seeing glimmers of action on the smaller items — the brownfield investments. But it is not anything to feel tangible. What we need to build this recovery solidly is tangible, strong investment across the board. So, we are waiting for that. I don’t think it has happened yet.
Monetary easing
There are two points here. One is that how much are interest rates a key issue in preventing growth at this point. And I would say they are not the most important factor but they are not irrelevant as a factor because after all the reason why we keep the interest rate high is to curtail demand so that demand comes more in line with supply. So, I don’t think they are the most important factor.
And second, there is no getting away from the fact that there is a general consensus — we want to bring down inflation. I have one tool to do that which is interest rate. Demand and supply act over two different periods. Today, if I put investment in the ground to create supply then that supply will emerge three or four years down the line, not tomorrow. But the demand is there today. I can curtail demand over two or three quarters through monetary policy but I create supply only after three or four years. So, in terms of which you have to bring in balance, probably demand is easier to bring into balance rather than supply. That is not say we should neglect supply. That is precisely why we haven’t raised interest rates to 18 per cent.
Interest rate is a blunt tool. Why not cut the policy rates?
Interest rate is a blunt tool but it is also the only tool. We have been pragmatic and the medicine seems to be working.
The problem is before the patient has run the full course of the medicine, do you want to take him off the medicine and say let us take a chance. That is always the danger in Indian policy that we have to have the discipline to stay the course.
On wilful defaulter
The Gujarat High Court said you can’t, sort of, involve every director as a wilful defaulter. Some of these people may be innocent bystanders. We are not curtailing the right to do business but we are curtailing the right to steal from banks. We respect Hon’ble Court’s judgment and take actions accordingly.
In terms of curtailing bank finance, let us be very careful. What we need to do in the country is get a system where somebody makes a loan and has a reasonable prospect of receiving the loan back as repayment. If we curtail that process by which they can recover their loan, you are doing far more damage to the process of running a business. These measures — wilful defaulters and non-co-operative defaulters — are ways to ensure that there is a penalty to non-repayment/ to misuse of funds from the original stated business purpose. In that sense, I believe, that there are ways to make sure that lenders feel confident when they lend that the money will be used for appropriate purposes, they can charge a reasonable interest rate and the money will be returned. By preventing such money from being returned, I think, we are standing further in the way of business than helping it.

Virgin complains of Premier League rightsVirgin Media complains to Ofcom about Premier League TV rights
By Henry Mance and Daniel Thomas
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c999340a-488a-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ebay to spin off payments arm PayPalDownload
Ebay offers ultimate ‘Buy It Now’ with plans to spin off PayPal
By Sarah Mishkin and Richard Waters in San Francisco, Murad Ahmed, Sally Davies and Mark Odell in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a14eb3a6-4896-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fields Ford strategy to pursue two roadsFields aiming to pursue twin roads in One Ford strategy
By Robert Wright in Dearborn
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e79e792-4858-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cyber security budgets fall as attacks riseBusinesses spend less on cyber security despite rise in attacks
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f8d1436-45c9-11e4-ab10-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hollywood feels Netflixs cutting edgeHollywood feels Netflix’s cutting edge
By Matthew Garrahan in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6b5e4c36-47ef-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan refuses to cut rtaes  warns on inflation  GDP growthE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi at White House to meet Barack Obama; defence  security  Islamic State top agendaNarendra Modi at White House to meet Barack Obama; defence, security, Islamic State top agenda
PTI | Washington | Updated:  Sep 30 2014, 21:46  IST
Sep 30 2014, 21:46  IST
 

Jaya gets Tamil film industry support: Injustice to goddess ofjusticeThe day-long protest of the film fraternity, which ended at 5 pm, also passed a resolution that said Jayalalithaa was still the chief minister and hoped that she will come out clean.
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: September 30, 2014 9:49 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 2:40 am
The Tamil film industry turned up in almost full strength on Tuesday to hold a protest against the conviction of J Jayalalithaa , calling the former chief minister “goddess of justice” and questioning the verdict of the Bangalore special court.
While one of the many banner posters put up by the film industry said “Injustice to the goddess of justice?”, another one, referring to the special court, said “Can mere mortals mete out such injustice to the goddess of justice?”
The day-long protest of the film fraternity, which ended at 5 pm, also passed a resolution that said Jayalalithaa was still the chief minister and hoped that she will come out clean.
More than 3,000 people representing the film industry organised the demonstration near the Marina Beach. Leading actors, directors, producers and more than 2,000 workers from different associations related to the film industry took part in the protest. However, seniors actors like Rajinikanth and Kamal Hassan were not present at the venue, citing health reasons.
Film shootings and production work of all Tamil films had been called off on Tuesday.
The protest was jointly organised by the members of the Tamil Film Exhibitors Association, Tamil Film Producers Council and South Indian Artists Association and several unions representing workers in the industry.
Leading actors like Sarath Kumar, Surya, Prabhu, Bagyaraj, Srikanth and S J Surya, directors P Vasu, Chandrasekhar, Cheran, producers K T Kunjumon, Abirami Ramanathan and leading multiplex owners in the city were among those who participated in the protest. Banners and posters expressing solidarity with the AIADMK chief were put up across the city.
Actor Sarath Kumar, who was denied permission to meet Jayalalithaa at the Bangalore prison on Monday, said the demonstration was organised voluntarily and there was no compulsion or threat from anyone. “She has been supporting the film industry in many ways and that is what made us to extend our solidarity and support at this stage,” he said, referring to Jayalalithaa, a former actress herself.
Leading director-actor Cheran said the entire industry was saddened by the verdict. “We all hope that she will get acquitted soon and rule the state,” he said. Many young actors who visited the protest venue were seen leaving immediately.
Several areas across the state witnessed protests and hunger strikes on Tuesday. The Vellore Corporation Council ruled by AIADMK passed a resolution against Justice John D’Cunha, the Bangalore special continued…

Apple resellers ready for pre-Diwali iPhone 6 launch  but iPhone 6 Plus could bedelayedPrint
Apple resellers are expecting to start the iPhone 6 16 GB sales by October 18 at a price of around Rs. 55,000.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 9:27 pm | Updated: October 6, 2014 7:10 am
So the iPhone 6 is coming to India before Diwali afterall. It is reliably learnt that Apple resellers here are expecting to start sales of the Apple iPhone 6 16GB by October 18 at a price of around Rs 55,000.
Previously, the market had speculated that the iPhone 6 will not be available in India before Diwali and they might miss out on festive sales. However, retailers are now preparing to sell the phone just before Diwali.
An executive at Apple Premium Reseller Imagine Store in New Delhi said the iPhone 6 will be available in their stores by October 18 or 19, priced between Rs 55,000 and Rs 60,000 for the 16GB model.
Another executive at Apple Premium Reseller iPlanet, with operations in Coimbatore, Mysore and Bengaluru, also confirmed the dates. However, iPlanet did not reveal the price bracket the phone will come in.
Meanwhile, cross-border e-commerce player Grabmore.in has started taking pre-orders for the iPhone 6 from Indian customers before the launch and claims to have delivered many units in India till now after the smartphone was made available in the US.
“We had already delivered many units to our customers in India within four to five days of the launch. However, due to the huge demand in the US, the delivery of pending bookings along with new orders will be done by end of October or early November,” said Satish Das, Executive Director, Grabmore.
Grabmore.in had initially priced the iPhone 6 16 GB at Rs. 61,999. Later, they updated it to Rs. 54,999. It is shipping from the US itself with one-year global warranty.
“We are offering the unlocked iPhone 6 16 GB model which was launched in the US to our Indian customers at a price of Rs. 54,999 now. We are expecting it to be available locally by October 17 or 18. If this happens we will deliver the locally available iPhone 6 handsets, instead of the imported version. The iPhone 6 16 GB price in India is expected to be close to around Rs. 55,000. If the price at which we are selling happens to more than the local price then we will surely refund the excess amount,” said Das.
The market had also speculated that the iPhone 6 Plus will arrive along with the iPhone 6 and would be available at a starting price of around Rs. 65,000 to Rs. 70,000. However, it is quite possible that the iPhone 6 Plus may not be available in India now. “The iPhone 6 Plus will take some time to arrive as the supply is pretty slow. We are offering the imported version of the iPhone 6 Plus 16 GB for Rs 59,999. We are expecting the iPhone 6 Plus to be priced around Rs 60,000,” added Das.

Narendra Modi to hit campaign trail in Maharashtra  Haryana on October4Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 9:25 pm
As BJP seeks to wrest control of Haryana and Maharashtra from Congress in October 15 assembly polls, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will lead the party’s campaign in the two states from October 4.
BJP sources said party veterans L K Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi will also campaign in Maharashtra. However, they may not campaign in Haryana as their names are not among the star campaigners.
According to sources, the Prime Minister will address 10 rallies starting October 4 in Haryana and another two dozen rallies in Maharashtra.
On the first day of his campaign, Modi will address four rallies – one in Haryana and three in Maharashtra at Kohlapur, Beed and Mumbai.
BJP Chief Ministers Shivraj Singh Chouhan of Madhya Pradesh, Raman Singh of Chhattisgarh Vasundhara Raje of Rajasthan, Manohar Parrikar of Goa and Anandiben Patel of Gujarat will also campaign in Haryana and Maharashtra, besides party chief Amit Shah and a host of other top leaders, including Union Ministers Rajnath Singh, Nitin Gadkari, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley.
In Haryana, the Prime Minister will address one election rally each from October 4 to 10 and three rallies across the state on October 11.
Maharashtra being a bigger states, Modi will address at least three rallies everyday followed by four rallies on the last day of the campaign on October 13.
Top party leaders held meetings in Delhi, Rohtak and Mumbai to chalk out final plans of campaign in the coming assembly polls. Final touches are being given to the campaign plan which will be cleared by the Prime Minister after his return from the United States.
Actor-turned-politician Hema Malini and Smriti Irani will be among the party’s star women campaigners in both states.
The party is focussing on the development model and the Prime Minister will woo the electorate with the promise of initiating all-round development evenly across the two states and providing good governance.
The party will attacking Congress, which has been ruling the two states for long, on development and law and order planks.
While Haryana has 90 assembly seats, Maharashtra has 288 seats. BJP is contesting alone after it ended its tie-ups in Haryana with Haryana Janhit Congress and with its 25-year- old ally Shiv Sena in Maharashtra.
Congress faces anti-incumbency in both the states as it is in power in Haryana for the last 10 years and 15 years in Maharashtra.
Campaigning for the October 15 Assembly polls in the two states will end on October 13 and the results will be out on October 19.

Samsung launches Galaxy Grand Prime selfie phone at Rs15 499Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime runs on a 1.2GHz quad-core processor with 1GB RAM and on Android 4.4 KitKat OS.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 9:11 pm
Samsung has launched its Galaxy Grand Prime in India at a price of Rs. 15,499. The Galaxy Grand Prime features a 5-inch qHD (960×540) PLS TFT display along with a 8 MP rear camera with LED flash and a 5 MP front camera. Samsung is touting this device as a selfie phone and claims to offer 85 degree wide selfie shots.
The Galaxy Grand Prime runs on a 1.2GHz quad-core processor with 1GB RAM, 8 GB internal memory expandable up to 64GB through microSD card and runs on Android 4.4 KitKat OS with Samsung’s Touch Wiz user interface. The device is powered by a 2600mAH battery.
Specs:
5-inch qHD (960×540) PLS TFT display
1.2GHz quad-core processor
8 GB internal memory expandable up to 64GB
Android 4.4 KitKat OS
8 MP rear camer, 5 MP front camera
2600mAH battery

Modi to felicitate winners of Swachh Bharat logocontestPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 9:09 pm
Winners of the logo and tagline contests for ‘Swachh Bharat Mission’ will be felicitated by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 2, on the occasion of the launching of the Mission.
Anant Khasbardar of Kolhapur in Maharashtra has won the logo design contest while Bhagyasri Sheth of Rajkot in Gujarat emerged successful in the contest for tagline for the logo.
Khasbardar will be awarded with a cash prize of Rs 50,000 while Bhagyasri will get Rs 25,000.
The Prime Minister will give away the prizes at a public function to be organised in New Delhi on October 2, said a senior Urban Development Ministry official.
Ideas were invited from the people for designing the logo and suggesting appropriate slogans on the website, ‘mygov.in’ till September 19 and 1,636 valid entries for logo and 5,168 for the tagline were received.
The logo with spectacles of Mahatma Gandhi with ‘Swachh Bharat’ written on the two glasses with the bridge of the spectacles in Tricolour signifies the entire nation uniting to achieve the vision of Mahatma Gandhi for a ‘Clean India’.
The tagline ‘Ek Kadam Swachhata Ki Aur’ exhorts all citizens to contribute in their own way towards the goal of Swachh Bharat.

PM Narendra Modi reaches White House  holds talk with President BarackObamaPrime Minister Narendra waves as he arrives at the White House in Washington DC for a meeting with US President Barack Obama on Tuesday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:59 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 9:20 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday held talks with US President Barack Obama on “substantive” bilateral, regional and international issues including defence, security, trade and situation in West Asia in view of threat by Islamic State militants.
Modi drove straight from Blair House to the famous West Wing of the White House to hold talks with Obama, first in restrictive format followed by delegation level.
This is the second meeting between Modi and Obama, who hosted a private dinner for the Indian Prime Minister on his arrival from New York.
While Modi was accompanied by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Adviser Ajit Doval, Ambassador S Jaishankar and other senior officials of the MEA and PMO while Obama was assisted by Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry, National Security Advisor Susan Rice and Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal.
On Tuesday, Modi and Obama had met in an informal setting in Blue Room of the White House and shared their experiences after taking over as Prime Minister and the President respectively apart from discussing areas of cooperation in combating Ebola virus and the situation in war-torn Afghanistan.

LIVE: Modi meets Obama at White House  joint statementshortlyPrint
Express News Service | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 10:24 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 12:27 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi met US President Barack Obama at the White House on Tuesday. Both the leaders are set to release a joint statement shortly.
Here are the highlights of the meeting.
# Narendra Modi sought easier access for Indian service companies to the US economy during his talks with President
Barack Obama
# India, US agree on efforts for dismantling of terror havens
# India’s food security concern at WTO needs solution, says Modi
# Obama has given a new dimension to our relation has met with humility and grace says Modi on meeting with Obama.
# India is ready to march ahead in tune with America
# We can create history together US vice President Joe Biden
# This is the right time to strengthen our strategic ties, John Kerry.
# we are the only two countries who have given birth to the three word ‘WE THE PEOPLE, says US secretary of State John Kerry.
# We discussed emerging terrorism challenges in South Asia and new threats of terrorism in West Asia and beyond. We intensify cooperation in counter terrorism and intelligence, says Modi.
# Climate change is priority for both the nations says Modi
# I am happy that i met president Obama at the beginning of my tenure.
# Discussed peaceful transition in Afghanistan says  Barack Obama  after meeting Narendra Modi.
# Happy we are meeting after the success of our Mars mission says Narendra Modi after meeting President Barck Obama.
# Prime Minister Modi invites President Barack Obama.
# India-US decide to renew Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for a further 10 years.
# US to cooperate as knowledge partner for India’s planned National Defence University.
# We are serious about resolution of issues on both sides to enable civil nuclear energy cooperation to take off says Narendra Modi
# After India-US Summit on Mars, we are meeting here on earth, says Narendra Modi after meeting US President Barack Obama.
# Infrastructure platform to facilitate US & Indian firms in expanding infrastructure projects.
# US to be lead partner in developing Allahabad, Ajmer & Vizag as Smart Cities.
# PM Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama discuss global issues
# This visit has reinforced my conviction that India and US are natural global partners: Modi.

US Defence Secy meets Modi; discusses defence cooperationYou are here: Home > Collections > Terrorism
US Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel meets PM Narendra Modi; discusses defence cooperation
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 10.08PM IST
Tags:
chuck
(US Defence Secretary Chuck…)
WASHINGTON: US Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel today called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and discussed issues relating to defence cooperation and combating terrorism.
The US Defence Secretary called on Modi at the Blair House here where the visiting dignitary is staying.
"Issues of the day - Ebola and Terror - among subjects discussed as Def Secy Hagel calls on PM @narendramodi," External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin tweeted later.
Maryland Governor Michael O'Malley also called on Modi and discussed innovative uses of technology in governance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Varsity set up by BSP confers D.Litt. on Mulayam SinghUpdated: September 30, 2014 23:14 IST
Varsity set up by BSP confers D.Litt. on Mulayam Singh
Atiq Khan
politics
Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh was conferred with D.Litt. (honoris causa) by the Dr. Shakuntala Misra National Rehabilitation University at its first convocation here on Tuesday.
Governor Ram Naik conferred the honorary doctorate on Mr. Singh. Significantly, Mr. Singh was awarded the doctorate by a university which was set up when Mayawati was the Chief Minister and is named after Bahujan Samaj Party MP, Satish Chandra Misra’s mother.

Alibaba Pays $459 Mn for Stake in Chinese Hotel Tech CompanyYou are here: Home Corporates
Alibaba Pays $459 Million for Stake in Chinese Hotel Tech Company
Reuters | Updated On: September 28, 2014 18:47 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Beijing: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has bought a 15 per cent stake in hospitality technology provider Beijing Shiji Information Technology Co Ltd for 2.81 billion yuan ($458.66 million), marking its first major investment since raising $25 billion in a record-breaking initial public offering.
Shiji provides IT consulting to hotels and sells software that manages room reservations, purchasing and inventory and point of sales systems.
It distributes its products to high-end hotels in China, with clients including Grant Hyatt Hotels, Marriott International Inc, Westin Hotels and Resorts and Sofitel Luxury Hotels, according to its website.
The deal was disclosed in a regulatory filing Sunday with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, where Shiji trades publicly.
Alibaba could not immediately provide comment.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Mahindra & Mahindra launches 110-cc scooter called Gustoeconomy, business and finance
Gusto, priced Rs. 43,000 onwards (ex-showroom Delhi), is pitted against Honda Activa, HeroMoto’s Maestro and TVS Jupiter.
Mahindra Two Wheelers, on Monday, launched its global scooter, Gusto, which has been developed entirely at its R&D facility in Pune.
The Gusto is being offered at an introductory price of Rs.43,000 for the Dx variant and Rs.47,000 for the Vx variant (prices ex-showroom Delhi).
Among the features, the Gusto comes with a unique patented height adjustable seat. It also has unique features such as remote flip key, find-me lamps, guide lamps and easy front kick.
“The Gusto is Mahindra’s first ground-up scooter developed entirely in-house,” Pawan Goenka, Executive Director, M&M, said in a statement. “Based on deep consumer insights, it deploys innovative technology to create a category defining product, which will provide exceptional value in the fast growing 100-cc scooter market.” The Gusto will be launched in the northern and western parts of the country and then rolled out in a phased manner over the rest of the country in the next few months. It will also be launched across South Asia, Latin America and Africa over the next few months.

Ghana: Indias Airtel touches lives  gives wings to dreamsThe Hindu The Airtel team found that the school also does not have electricity, their source of power-a solar panel- having broken down some years ago. File Photo
As part of its corporate social responsibility, Airtel Ghana came to the aid of Ignatius’s school.
Ignatius Bugyei is an ICT teacher at Som Nyame Kodur Junior High School in the Central Region of Ghana. But his school does not have the basic ICT set-up computers.
For that he has to travel with his students by public transport on rough and dusty roads to the nearest town, Twifo-Praso, about 9 km away, where one of the schools has an ICT centre. The ICT teacher discloses that the perils involved in such travels discourages him from doing it as often as he should so as not to put his life and that of the students at risk.
Then the Indian telecom services provider Airtel stepped in. As part of its corporate social responsibility, Airtel Ghana came to the aid of Ignatius’s school.
Apart from these daunting challenges for both students and teachers, the Airtel team found that the school also does not have electricity, their source of power-a solar panel- having broken down some years ago.
In the spirit of helping people make their change, Airtel has promised to repair the solar panels and provide batteries so that electricity can be restored to the community. In addition, the company is renovating the school’s ICT centre and also providing computers and internet connection so students can gain practical knowledge of the subject.
The Som Nyame Kodur Junior High School’s case is just another example of Indian corporate coming to the aid of the needy in Africa.
Airtel Ghana’s initiative is part of an annual television programme called “Touching Lives” to help identify people who have either excelled in life in spite of disability as well as people who have helped to bring about changes in communities that they live in.
The programme has become an annual affair on television and recounts the stories of people who have been nominated and rewarded for all that they have done. The company is hopeful that the programme will help motivate more people to improve their lives as well as bring about changes in the community that they live in.
Officials of the company said that recognising and rewarding people who have worked selflessly to make an impact in their communities is the only way they would be fulfilling their mandate of helping these individuals to continue with their efforts to create a better world for themselves and others.
Another person to be assisted under this programme is Linda Boamah, who became paralysed at the age of two, but has been able to become an inspiration for many in her community. Her sheer determination to make it in life pushed her to pursue an education although funding this dream proved to be a constant challenge.
The company is also helping a teacher at Wiamoase in the Ashanti region. Elvis Cletus Afrifa, a physically challenged teacher, supports over 90 schoolchildren through various levels of education. He had a pathetic background himself and said, he lost his mother at a very young age. With the help of the Catholic Church, he managed to get educated. To help pay his school fees, he worked as a shoeshine boy in Ghana’s capital, Accra.
Afrifa is however, helping other young disadvantaged people. “I am supporting students at all levels. If I say at all levels, what I mean is from class one to the university level. In all, I have about 98 students now and I’m staying with one in my house”, he added.
To fund his philanthropic acts, he got a loan to buy a vehicle that he operates as a taxi to raise more funds. Even though he aspires to support more children, he’s unable to do so due to financial constraints. According to him, he has not registered a non-governmental organisation because he feels it’s better to use the registration fees and other costs to sponsor more children. He admits that he needs help to register as an NGO in order to raise funds to help provide the young ones under his care with uniforms, bags, Airtel says, those they support are usually nominated by anyone who thought the person awarded deserved to be commended. It can be a family member, a colleague, a friend or even a community.
“One can nominate a school but there needs to be a person behind the nomination. We can award a dream to the school but we need to know what the individuals behind the school have done to make the school special,” an Airtel official told IANS.
After the nomination, the Airtel “Touching Lives” team visits the nominees in their communities to interact with them and finally invite them into the “Touching Lives” studio where they are presented with their rewards.

Textiles  Apparel Exports Seen to Rise By 10% This YearYou are here: Home Industries
Textiles, Apparel Exports Seen to Rise By 10% This Year
Reuters | Updated On: September 29, 2014 17:00 (IST)
Manufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
Mumbai: India's cotton and apparel exports are set to climb by around 10 per cent this year as higher wages, political instability and concerns about workplace conditions in other producing markets steer international buyers toward Indian exporters, industry officials said.
The rise in textile shipments from India - currently around 4.5 per cent of world trade - may eat into top exporter China's 36 per cent share of the market and will be a boon for Indian textile merchants keen to exploit rising demand stemming from weak cotton prices and global economic growth.
"My orders have increased by about 20 per cent so far this financial year. It's a golden period for the Indian textiles industry," said Vijay Agarwal, chairman of Mumbai-based Creative Group, a leading apparel exporter.
Buoyed by fresh export orders, Mr Agarwal is keen to expand his business by investing Rs 200 crore ($32.71 million) next year.
The main markets for Indian textiles at the moment are the United States and European Union.
Mr Agarwal and other Indian exporters are anticipating a rise of roughly 5 per cent in global demand for textiles and apparel this year.
In addition, India's textile exporters feel the relatively low labour costs in their country, alongside record domestic cotton production this year, should help them gain market share from other exporters in the region.
OUSTING CHINA
Aside from stronger global demand, larger domestic cotton supplies will also help India push textile and apparel exports up by about 10 per cent in 2014/15, said Ajay Sardana, vice-president of Grasim, part of the Aditya Birla conglomerate, on the sidelines of a recent conference in Mumbai.
India will be the world's No. 1 cotton grower this year, ousting China from the top spot for the first time in over 30 years, the U.S. government forecast on September 12.
The Cotton Association of India has pegged next year's output at 39.63 million bales, but experts believe production could be as high as 41 million bales as the area under cultivation has gone up this year.
Expansion in domestic demand is also likely, with India's local textiles market expected to grow to $65-$68 billion in coming years from the current $60 billion, Sardana added.
And unlike in some markets such as China and Cambodia, labour remains cheap in India, keeping costs competitive, said D. K. Nair, secretary general of the Confederation of Indian Textile Industry.
But while exports are expected to rise from India, China, with textiles and apparel exports worth $270 billion, around seven times that of India's receipts, is expected to remain the dominant player.
Story first published on: September 29, 2014 17:00 (IST)

Worth the money: The highest-paying majorsBy Jeff Guo September 29 Follow @_jeffguo
Is a four-year college degree worth it? Generally yes, but the results vary quite a bit across majors — and can even vary widely within majors.
That’s the takeaway from new research by Brad Hershbein and Melissa Kearney at The Hamilton Project. The authors analyzed Census Bureau data to find out which college majors earned the most and the least. Topping the list are the engineering fields, to no one’s surprise. Some of the least-earning majors are related to education, theater and art. Over a lifetime, the median expected earnings for a drama or theater arts major is lower than that of someone with a two-year associate’s degree.
But the report found that regardless of major, “median earnings of bachelor’s degree graduates are higher than median earnings of high school graduates for all 80 majors studied. This is true at career entry, mid-career and end of career,” the authors write.
“College degrees may not be a guarantee of higher income, but they come closer than just about any other investment one can make,” they add.
Early childhood education majors had the lowest median earnings, but still higher than the median earnings for people with only a high school degree. The researchers estimate that even when college costs are taken into account, the median early childhood education major still makes 10 percent to 15 percent more than the median American with just a high school degree.
This is the full chart of majors ranked by median lifetime earnings:
One thing to keep in mind is that these rankings exclude people with graduate degrees, which leaves out doctors, lawyers, and professors. This explains the somewhat low spot occupied by political science and government majors, a good chunk of whom go on to law school. If those students are taken into account, they tug the median earnings for the major above the median earnings for, say, architecture or nursing.
In this interactive from the Hamilton Project, which allows you compare up to four majors, you can include or exclude people with graduate degrees. The top chart shows what a median person makes in a year over the course of his or her career.
The researchers point out that for some majors, like those involved with primary education, annual earnings peak early in a career. Other majors see continuous growth, drama and earth science being two examples. “There is a remarkable pattern in the data: Initially low-earning majors tend to see the fastest earnings growth in early career, while initially high-earnings majors tend to see the slowest earnings growth,” the researchers write.
 
The bottom chart in the interactive is even more interesting. So far we have been talking about people at the median, or the 50th percentile of the earnings distribution. But what about everyone else? People in the same major don’t all make the same amount of money.
Some majors are particularly unequal. For instance, lifetime earnings at the 90th percentile of economics majors are 2.9 times those at the median. The wide spread indicates the diversity of jobs that economics majors fill — from public policy to finance. In contrast, for elementary education majors, earnings at the 90th percentile are only 1.6 times earnings at the median.
The range of earnings within each major is wide — about as wide as the spread we saw above in the charts comparing median earners in different majors. Put another way, a person at the 90th percentile for childhood education majors will quite handily outearn someone at the 10th percentile of computer engineering majors. In fact, at the 90th percentile, people with only a high school degree outearn any college majors at the 10th percentile.
The real message in these data is your college major is not your destiny. It takes some amount of grit to make it anywhere. Smart choices about which skills to acquire will get you some, but not all, of the way there.
Jeff Guo is a staff writer for Storyline. He's from Maryland (but outside the Beltway). Follow him on Twitter: @_jeffguo .
Next up

Reddy to make a comebackUpdated: September 29, 2014 19:06 IST
Reddy to make a comeback
SUBHA J RAO
Sriya Reddy Photo: Sunder Ramu
Sriya Reddy Photo: Sunder Ramu
Sriya Reddy tells us how the script of Andaava Kaanom tempted her to act again
As a VJ for SS Music, she was everyone’s dream maiden, a poster girl for the latest trends. Then, Sriya Reddy went on to act, excelling in rustic roles that called for brazenness and tenderness in equal measure. Not many can forget her fiery act as Eswari in Thimiru, or her lovely roles in Veyil and Kanjeevaram. All of them came her way because directors loved her “Dravidian face.”
Now, after marriage and motherhood, and a six-year hiatus from acting, Sriya is back with director Vadivel’s Andaava Kaanom. The film sees her taking the rural route again — she plays an angry woman, but someone with a lovely backstory. The movie is about a lost vessel.
“When I first heard the title, I laughed. But director Vadivel convinced me it was arresting,” says Sriya.
Once news of her making a comeback broke, everyone kept asking her why she kept away in the first place. “Well, after Thimiru, I never really got anything as exciting. I did not want to play a typical heroine; I wanted scope to perform,” she says. Shanthi of Andaava… is different from Thimiru’s Eswari, says Sriya. “Eswari was angry, high-pitched and prone to violence. Shanthi goes through different emotions. She reacts like a normal woman would when someone takes away something that belongs to her. There’s some justification for her behaviour.”
In the film, which has been shot in Theni, Sriya has also dabbled in comedy. “It’s like a dream-come-true for me. I love being back on the sets as an actor.”
Even when she was away, Sriya was connected to the movies. She’s married to producer Vikram Krishna, actor Vishal’s brother, and she was involved in their home productions. “Cinema is part of our everyday conversations.”
Her family told her to trust Vadivel’s script. “I’ve shot for about a month for the film and it’s been a lovely experience,” she says. “At no point did I feel a novice was directing me. He has great confidence.”
Sriya says it rankles when actresses are branded married women or mothers. “Does that make them less desirable? Why slot them?” she asks, adding that it is a misconception that women don’t stay in shape after motherhood. “I’m now the fittest I’ve ever been. I literally have a two-pack!”
Sriya’s also reading some other scripts. “I’m looking at remakes, challenging roles. And yes, I think I’m going to give rural subjects a break. I can slip into a cotton sari like the back of my hand. They have become my comfort zone. I want to get out, do a sports film or play an undercover agent. I’m ready for action,” she smiles.

China Final HSBC PMI Steady in September but Risks RemainYou are here: Home Global Economy
China Final HSBC PMI Steady in September but Risks Remain
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 08:11 (IST)
Regulators Fine Global Banks $3.4 Billion in Forex Probe
Beijing:
Activity in China's vast factory sector showed signs of steadying in September as export orders climbed, a private survey showed on Tuesday, easing fears of a hard landing but pointing to a still-sluggish economy facing considerable risks.
The final HSBC/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index(PMI) hovered at 50.2 in September, unchanged from the August reading which was a three-month low, but lower than a preliminary reading of 50.5.
A sub-index measuring new export orders, a gauge of external demand, expanded to a 4-1/2-year-high of 54.5, though domestic demand appeared soft. The 50 mark separates expansion from contraction in activity on a monthly basis.
More worrisome, the survey showed further weakness in the job market, with the sub-index for manufacturing employment shrinking for the 11th consecutive month, which is bound to concern China's Communist leaders.
The world's second-largest economy has stumbled this year as a slowdown in the housing market further weighs on softening domestic demand.
With the property market expected to cool further, economists believe policymakers will have to roll out more stimulus measures in coming months to meet the government's 2014 growth target of around 7.5 per cent.
"Overall, the data in September suggests that manufacturing activity continues to expand at a slow pace," said Qu Hongbin, chief economist for China at HSBC.
"We think the risks to growth are still on the downside and warrant more accommodative monetary as well as fiscal policies."
Despite the strong surge in export orders, the overall output level fell to its lowest in four months, but managed to hold above the 50-point level.
Shares in Shanghai gave up modest early gains and dipped into the red after the report.
Still, Chinese leaders have said repeatedly that no dramatic change in policy is imminent.
Premier Li Keqiang said earlier this month that China cannot rely on loose credit to lift its economy and would continue to make only "targeted adjustments" to boost activity.
The latest worrying data came at the weekend, with news that profits at China's industrial companies fell in August from a year earlier. Many of its the country's biggest firms are already receiving heavy subsidies from the state.
China will release its official factory PMI on Wednesday. It is also expected to show growth steadied.
The official PMI is focused on larger factories that belong to the government, as opposed to the HSBC/Markit PMI survey which is biased towards smaller manufacturers in the private sector.
Smaller firms are facing greater financial stresses as some cash-strapped customers are taking longer to pay their bills. Smaller companies are also having more trouble getting credit as banks grow more cautious in the face of mounting bad loans and fears of defaults.
The Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, the country's biggest bank, said 80 per cent of new non-performing loans in the second quarter came from the manufacturing and wholesale sectors.
China's banking regulator said on Sunday it had issued revised internal control guidelines for banks to ensure that appropriate risk management controls are adopted, while increasing penalties for any violations.
Issuance of the guidelines came days after China's central bank began a targeted program to make available 500 billion yuan ($81.6 billion) in short-term funds to China's five biggest banks to help the economy by keeping borrowing costs affordable.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Real Estate Reasonable  Barring in Aurangzeb Road  Malabar HillReserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday said property prices in the country are not frothy barring a few pockets.
"Leave aside Aurangzeb Road and Malabar Hill from calculation," he added. ( Watch )
Aurangzeb Road, which is located in Lutyens Delhi, is home to several Indian billionaires like ArcelorMittal's LN Mittal, DLF's KP Singh and Max Healthcare's Analjit Singh.
Similarly, South Mumbai's upscale Malabar Hill hosts several business tycoons and Bollywood superstars. Billionaire investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala is known to have bought sea-facing apartments in Malabar Hill last year. (Read: Smaller Cities Trump Metros in Property Price Rise )
Prices of apartments in Malabar Hill are as high as Rs.1.35 lakh per sq feet, making it one of the most expensive neighbourhoods to stay in the world.
Dr Rajan today said that the central bank is not overly concerned with property prices even though the value of real estate appears to be increasing despite a sharp slowdown in the economy.
"The value of real estate will increase in a growing economy, but the housing data suggests that with 7-8 per cent inflation, prices are coming down in real terms because wages are going up," he added.
The flamboyant Governor, credited with bringing back stability to India's financial system, said the high cash component in property transactions offers a good cushion to banks' lending to the sector.
For buying a home, banks extend loan up to 80 per cent of the property's value, while buyers have to contribute the rest, making such transactions safe, he said.
"Loan growth to real estate sector has been strong, but it's still a relatively small portion of banks' overall balance sheet," Dr Rajan added.
In its monetary policy today, the RBI left interest rates unchanged citing high risk to its 2016 inflation target. ( Read the full story here )
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 13:01 (IST)

RBI Should Have Seized Opportunity to Cut Interest Rate: India IncCommercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
New Delhi: With crude and commodity prices ebbing and the twin deficits under check, the Reserve Bank should have cut the key policy rate to push investments and boost economic growth, India Inc said on Tuesday.
"By all indications, the twin deficits -- fiscal and current account are well under control and core inflation has been trending downwards. While on the other hand, industrial production has been muted. This could have been a good opportunity for the RBI to reduce rates," said CII director general Chandrajit Banerjee.
"The infusion of liquidity at this juncture, through a reduction in policy rates, would have provided an impetus to the feel good factor brought on by the recent burst of policy announcements made by the government," he added.
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today left all key rates unchanged citing increased risks to inflation and difficult external situation especially on the geopolitical front.
This is the fourth consecutive time that the RBI has kept key interest rates unchanged despite clamours from the industry to cut rates to boost economy.
"With crude oil prices having come down significantly and showing further prospects of reduction and commodity prices in the global market seeing downward trend, the Reserve Bank would not have taken any inflationary risks if policy interest rates were eased a bit signalling accommodation for boosting growth," Assocham president Rana Kapoor said.
"In fact, the macro picture at this point of time is ripe for policy accommodation for growth," he added.
The short-term lending rate (repo) rate now stands at 8 per cent, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at 4 per cent. The statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) has also been retained at 22 per cent.
"As projects come on-stream and the industrial economy starts moving, there will hopefully be greater demand for credit. While we fully appreciate the measures taken by RBI in maintaining adequate liquidity in the system, I would like to mention that the viability of fresh investments is impacted by many factors including the cost of credit," Ficci secretary general A Didar Singh said.
Explaining the rationale for status quo policy, Dr Rajan said though wholesale price index (WPI) inflation has ebbed to levels consistent with 8 per cent inflation by January 2015, "there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon's passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly."
"We believe there has been a significant decline in inflation scenario during the recent months. The upside risks to inflation are also receding in the wake of softening international crude oil prices and stability in the foreign exchange market. At this juncture, a cut in policy rates would not only be fruitful to uplift the lacklustre industry growth trajectory but also be inevitable to create demand in the economy," PHD Chamber president Sharad Jaipuria said.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 15:17 (IST)

Anil Ambani Aims to Bring RCom s Debt Under Rs 20 000 CrSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Reliance Communications Ltd aims to bring its debt to under Rs 20,000 crore in the next 24 months, chairman Anil Ambani told shareholders on Tuesday.
Reliance Communications, India's fourth-biggest mobile phone operator, is the most leveraged among publicly traded telecom carriers. The company had a debt of Rs 35,500 crore as of August 2014.
Mr Ambani also said Reliance Communications, which has a market value of roughly $5 billion, would participate in spectrum auctions when they come up next year, to be able to launch fourth-generation (4G) telecommunications services in the country.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex Edges Higher  Oil & Gas Stocks GainYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Edges Higher, Oil & Gas Stocks Gain
Agencies | Updated On: September 30, 2014 16:00 (IST)
Overseas Investor Inflows Hit Rs 20,000 Crore in November so far
The BSE Sensex edged higher on Tuesday as blue-chips rose on hopes that upcoming earnings and auto sales will show the economy remains on the mend, while the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) decision to keep interest rate unchanged had little impact.
Although the Nifty edged higher for the month, posting its fifth consecutive monthly gain, the Sensex marked its first monthly fall in eight.
Housing Development Finance Corp rose 2.2 per cent while Maruti Suzuki India ended higher 1.7 per cent.
Among oil & gas stocks, heavyweight RIL rose 1.3 per cent while Cairn India rose 1.6 per cent.
The Sensex provisionally closed 0.13 per cent higher, while the Nifty gained 0.07 per cent.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 15:58 (IST)

Google to launch new music streaming service in coming weeksSep 30, 2014 at 05:01pm IST
Google to launch new music streaming service in coming weeks
42
6
San Francisco: Google is planning new and revamped streaming-music services in coming weeks, searching for a way to stand out in an increasingly crowded field of rivals from Apple and Amazon.com to Spotify.
Nailing music is one way for Google to raise chances of continued success as people spend more time on mobile devices.
Google's YouTube service has become a low-profile titan in streaming through the popularity of music videos. Currently, videos must be chosen one track at a time. YouTube in coming weeks will launch new subscription and ad-supported YouTube music services able to play several tracks in a row, a person familiar with the plans said.
An update of Google's existing $10-a-month All Access subscription-music streaming service is also coming soon.
#google #music streaming services
Google had been expected to launch the YouTube services by the end of summer and had offered few details.
Also coming soon: an update of Google's existing $10-a-month All Access subscription-music streaming service. The new version will incorporate technology acquired by Google with the purchase of Songza, a service known for its ability to recommend music, Jamie Rosenberg, Google's Vice President of Digital Content, said in an interview.
The variety of approaches risks confusing consumers, said Alex Luke, a venture capitalist at The Valley Fund, who has worked as an executive at music label EMI Music and was the director of music programming at Apple until 2011.
He argued that the winners in digital music would offer radio-style programs, downloads and let listeners put together their own playlists.
"The marketplace hasn't found itself yet and you're going to continue to see the big players like Apple and Google experiment," Luke said. "The thing that Google and YouTube both have in their favor is these huge, active user bases."
The latest music push comes 16 months after Google launched its All Access subscription service. Industry observers say All Access has struggled to stand out and set Google into a markedly different business than the free, ad-supported services that have long underpinned its success.
Google's All Access subscription music service likely draws between 500,000 and a few million users, said Mark Mulligan of research and consulting firm Midia Research. That puts it in the same ranks as rivals Rhapsody and Deezer, but behind Spotify, which has more than 10 million paying subscribers.
Apple has a Beats subscription streaming service, acquired with the Beats headphone line in May, and it has free iTunes radio, which analysts say has not been a breakout success. E-commerce giant Amazon launched its music service in June, providing streaming of a limited catalog of music to members of its $99-a-year Prime service.
The US. music market is worth $7 billion but royalty and marketing expenditures mean most streaming music businesses currently lose money, according to estimates from Brian Zisk, executive producer of the SF MusicTech Summit.
Mulligan described Google's music service in a "holding pattern", arguing that Google should be at least as big as Spotify given Google's resources and existing user base.
Google's Rosenberg acknowledged the service is not the market leader, but said Google was encouraged by what he called a "very healthy" portion of consumers who subscribed after a free one-month trial.
He saw no need to cut the $10 monthly subscription price.
"Is the bigger upside getting more people to try these services, or is the bigger upside dropping the price by a dollar or two?" he asked. "Right now we're focused on creating broad awareness that the service exists." All Access is now available in 43 countries, he said.
To stand out, Google envisions a service "that extends seamlessly to your wearable device or to your car," and that's intelligent enough to play "the right music for the right moment," Rosenberg says.
Marc Ruxin, the Chief Operating Officer of Rdio, a competing, privately-held streaming service, said Google wanted to use music to keep its main service, search, top of mind.
"Google like any Internet company is in a war for attention, so they want as much user time on a daily basis that they can get," he said.
23

YouTube ban in Pakistan enters third yearUpdated: September 30, 2014 19:14 IST
YouTube ban in Pakistan enters third year
PTI
Reuters The ban on video-sharing website YouTube in Pakistan entered its third year. File Photo
TOPICS
censorship
Calls grow to lift the controversial ban
As the ban on video-sharing website YouTube in Pakistan entered its third year, calls to lift the controversial ban have begun to grow even as the government appears reluctant to take any chances, fearing backlash from Islamist extremists.
The PPP government had banned YouTube in September 2012 after a movie, Innocence of Muslim, deemed blasphemous was uploaded on the website.
“Forget the PML-N government will unblock the video sharing website during its tenure,” Supreme Court advocate Haider Zaman Qureshi told PTI.
“Like the previous PPP regime, the present government is only giving false hope to the people in this regard.”
Mr. Qureshi alleged that lifting the ban on YouTube has never been a priority for the government. “In fact the government is hiding behind the Supreme Court to absolve itself of its responsibility to ensure availability of YouTube to the people of Pakistan,” he said.
Several petitions had been pending in the Lahore High Court, seeking that the ban on YouTube be lifted.
Advocate Yasir Hamdani, who is also a petitioner in one such case before the Lahore HC, said the government wants to hide behind the apex court so that nobody questions the ban.
“The Supreme Court should interpret its interim order of September 17, 2012 so that the government could not hide itself behind it. Once the order is interpreted the onus will be on the government,” he said.
Talking about solutions, Mr. Hamdani said filtering contents on the website won’t be a good idea as it would infringe the rights of citizens.
Instead, he proposed that the government requests Google to put up “warning software” for Internet users in Pakistan, cautioning them about objectionable contents.
Mr. Hamdani said Internet curbs have been counter-productive and have deprived Pakistan the right to access information. “Taking away YouTube’s access is the modern equivalent of taking away the scholar’s pen,” Mr. Hamdani said.
“It hurts the material progress of Pakistanis.”
On the other hand, the Information and Technology ministry has asked the Telecommunication Authority to install software to filter and remove blasphemous contents on YouTube.
It said the PTA has been asked to take the example of India, Turkey, China and Dubai in this regard. “But it seems no body is serious to take up this responsibility,” an IT official said, and asked why the PTA had not yet arranged a software to filter the contents despite a passage of two years.
PTA chairman Ismail Shah said the authority had requested Google to give Pakistan rights to control YouTube locally like it has done in India, but the Internet major declined.

Local authorities turn to capital marketsLocal authorities turn to capital markets
By Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a367222-431b-11e4-8a43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee Ends Lower at 61.74You are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends Lower at 61.74, Sees Worst Month Since August 2013
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 18:14 (IST)
Dollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
Mumbai: The rupee fell on Monday, posting its worst month since the record low levels of August 2013, as the dollar continued to strengthen against emerging market currencies over growing bets for an early hike in US interest rates.
The rupee fell around 2.1 per cent in September, the most since a fall of 8.8 per cent in August last year, when the currency was in the midst of the worst market turmoil since the balance of payment crisis of 1991.
Gains earlier in the year have stalled, with the rupee falling around 2.64 per cent in the July-September quarter, around growing worries that improving US economic data would allow the Federal Reserve to start raising interest rates.
That has trumped the outlook for domestic interest rates given the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday kept the repo rate unchanged and sent a strong signal that it will refrain from easing until it is confident that consumer inflation can be reduced to 6 per cent by January 2016.
"The dollar has been gaining, with the yen and euro both struggling against it," said Manis Thanawala, director at Greenback Forex, a currency risk advisory firm in Mumbai.
"Also, there were half-yearly corporate payments and position squaring by banks. Traders wanted to stay light before the holidays."
The partially convertible rupee ended at 61.7450/61.7550 per dollar compared with Monday's close of 61.53/54.
The rupee hit an intra-day low of 61.83, a level last seen on March 5 after the euro fell below 1.26 against the dollar.
The weakening rupee comes as the dollar gained more than 7 per cent against a basket of major currencies over the past three months and was poised to finish the month with its best quarterly gain in six years.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 62.09/19, while the three-month was at 62.72/82.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Samsung launches Galaxy Grand Prime selfie phone at Rs 15 499Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime runs on a 1.2GHz quad-core processor with 1GB RAM and on Android 4.4 KitKat OS.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 9:11 pm
Samsung has launched its Galaxy Grand Prime in India at a price of Rs. 15,499. The Galaxy Grand Prime features a 5-inch qHD (960×540) PLS TFT display along with a 8 MP rear camera with LED flash and a 5 MP front camera. Samsung is touting this device as a selfie phone and claims to offer 85 degree wide selfie shots.
The Galaxy Grand Prime runs on a 1.2GHz quad-core processor with 1GB RAM, 8 GB internal memory expandable up to 64GB through microSD card and runs on Android 4.4 KitKat OS with Samsung’s Touch Wiz user interface. The device is powered by a 2600mAH battery.
Specs:
5-inch qHD (960×540) PLS TFT display
1.2GHz quad-core processor
8 GB internal memory expandable up to 64GB
Android 4.4 KitKat OS
8 MP rear camer, 5 MP front camera
2600mAH battery

Modi to felicitate winners of Swachh Bharat logo contestPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 9:09 pm
Winners of the logo and tagline contests for ‘Swachh Bharat Mission’ will be felicitated by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 2, on the occasion of the launching of the Mission.
Anant Khasbardar of Kolhapur in Maharashtra has won the logo design contest while Bhagyasri Sheth of Rajkot in Gujarat emerged successful in the contest for tagline for the logo.
Khasbardar will be awarded with a cash prize of Rs 50,000 while Bhagyasri will get Rs 25,000.
The Prime Minister will give away the prizes at a public function to be organised in New Delhi on October 2, said a senior Urban Development Ministry official.
Ideas were invited from the people for designing the logo and suggesting appropriate slogans on the website, ‘mygov.in’ till September 19 and 1,636 valid entries for logo and 5,168 for the tagline were received.
The logo with spectacles of Mahatma Gandhi with ‘Swachh Bharat’ written on the two glasses with the bridge of the spectacles in Tricolour signifies the entire nation uniting to achieve the vision of Mahatma Gandhi for a ‘Clean India’.
The tagline ‘Ek Kadam Swachhata Ki Aur’ exhorts all citizens to contribute in their own way towards the goal of Swachh Bharat.

PM Narendra Modi reaches White House  holds talk with President Barack ObamaPrime Minister Narendra waves as he arrives at the White House in Washington DC for a meeting with US President Barack Obama on Tuesday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:59 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 9:20 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday held talks with US President Barack Obama on “substantive” bilateral, regional and international issues including defence, security, trade and situation in West Asia in view of threat by Islamic State militants.
Modi drove straight from Blair House to the famous West Wing of the White House to hold talks with Obama, first in restrictive format followed by delegation level.
This is the second meeting between Modi and Obama, who hosted a private dinner for the Indian Prime Minister on his arrival from New York.
While Modi was accompanied by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Adviser Ajit Doval, Ambassador S Jaishankar and other senior officials of the MEA and PMO while Obama was assisted by Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry, National Security Advisor Susan Rice and Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal.
On Tuesday, Modi and Obama had met in an informal setting in Blue Room of the White House and shared their experiences after taking over as Prime Minister and the President respectively apart from discussing areas of cooperation in combating Ebola virus and the situation in war-torn Afghanistan.

LIVE: India  US are natural partners  says PM Modi after meeting with ObamaModi, Obama announce better trade ties, joint fight against terror
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 20:33 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:59 IST(1/10/2014)
India and the United States on Tuesday announced significantly expanded cooperation in defence, trade, infrastructure and, especially, counter-terrorism action against the Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, D company, the Haqqani network and al Qaeda.
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives for a meeting with US President Barack Obama at the White House. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama speak after a meeting in the Oval Office of the White House. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves as he arrives at the White House in Washington DC for a meeting with US President Barack Obama. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi end their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington. (Reuters Photo)
US President hosts Prime Minister Narendra Modi for dinner at the White House in Washington. The two leaders broke the ice by exchanging anecdotes in their political graphs. (Photo courtesy: ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with US President Barack Obama at the White House dinner. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @MEAIndia)
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama of the United States with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama greets external affairs minister Sushama Swaraj at the White House in Washington US Secretary of State John Kerry is seen on the left. (PTI Photo)
A “joint and concerted effort” will be made by the two countries to dismantle these outfits, an Indian government official told reporters. But he gave few details and refused to elaborate.  Joint Statement during the visit of Prime Minister to USA
The two sides also agreed to speed up implementation of the civil nuclear deal, announced in 2005, with the help of an interagency platform.
And they agreed on renewing the defence cooperation framework for another 10 years, though it would be signed when they are through with the details.
Live Blog Modi in America
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama met for over two hours in the morning at an expanded delegation-level meeting and then in a more restricted format without aides.
 
Emphasising that India supports trade facilitation, Modi told Obama that a solution must be found to its concerns over food security at the World Trade Organisation. “We had an open discussion on the WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found,” the PM said.
India had taken a tough stand over food security at the WTO talks in Geneva in July, refusing to ratify the WTO’s Trade Facilitation Agreement without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution to its public food stock-holding issue for food security purposes.
“My conversation with President Obama has reinforced my conviction that India and the US are natural global partners, based on our shared values, interests and strengths in the digital age,” Modi said from prepared remarks in Hindi after the bilateral meeting.
Read: Modi, Obama raise the bar for bilateral ties in joint oped
Obama said his discussion with Modi over dinner on Monday night were mostly about the economy, but that they focussed on the international situation and security issues on Tuesday. “We addressed challenges in West Asia and violent extremism, the fight against ISIS,” he said.
But Indian officials said there was no request from the US for India to join the coalition against ISIS, a possibility speculated about in the run-up to the summit.
The two spoke of a “peaceful transition of power in Afghanistan and the need to work together to ensure stability”.
There will be a joint statement on the outcome of the talks but it had not been issued till late Tuesday. A large number of initiatives were agreed upon in the areas of urban development, sanitation and infrastructure.
“This visit can be scored as a success for the very basic reason that it took place,” said Michael Kuglemanm, a South Asia expert at Wilson Center. “Modi could have declined Obama’s invitation to come to Washington, or deferred it indefinitely. Instead, he accepted it and took full advantage of his time in Washington. This is a strong signal of his intention to move beyond the past and to get this relationship back on track.”
After their Oval Office meeting, Obama and Modi travelled together to the Martin Luther King Jr memorial on the National Mall, a few blocks from the White House. Modi was initially to go alone to pay homage to the activist leader but in a last minute change, the American President decided to join him.

LIVE: Modi meets Obama at White House  joint statement shortlyPrint
Express News Service | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 10:24 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 12:27 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi met US President Barack Obama at the White House on Tuesday. Both the leaders are set to release a joint statement shortly.
Here are the highlights of the meeting.
# Narendra Modi sought easier access for Indian service companies to the US economy during his talks with President
Barack Obama
# India, US agree on efforts for dismantling of terror havens
# India’s food security concern at WTO needs solution, says Modi
# Obama has given a new dimension to our relation has met with humility and grace says Modi on meeting with Obama.
# India is ready to march ahead in tune with America
# We can create history together US vice President Joe Biden
# This is the right time to strengthen our strategic ties, John Kerry.
# we are the only two countries who have given birth to the three word ‘WE THE PEOPLE, says US secretary of State John Kerry.
# We discussed emerging terrorism challenges in South Asia and new threats of terrorism in West Asia and beyond. We intensify cooperation in counter terrorism and intelligence, says Modi.
# Climate change is priority for both the nations says Modi
# I am happy that i met president Obama at the beginning of my tenure.
# Discussed peaceful transition in Afghanistan says  Barack Obama  after meeting Narendra Modi.
# Happy we are meeting after the success of our Mars mission says Narendra Modi after meeting President Barck Obama.
# Prime Minister Modi invites President Barack Obama.
# India-US decide to renew Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for a further 10 years.
# US to cooperate as knowledge partner for India’s planned National Defence University.
# We are serious about resolution of issues on both sides to enable civil nuclear energy cooperation to take off says Narendra Modi
# After India-US Summit on Mars, we are meeting here on earth, says Narendra Modi after meeting US President Barack Obama.
# Infrastructure platform to facilitate US & Indian firms in expanding infrastructure projects.
# US to be lead partner in developing Allahabad, Ajmer & Vizag as Smart Cities.
# PM Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama discuss global issues
# This visit has reinforced my conviction that India and US are natural global partners: Modi.

Jaya gets Tamil film industry support: Injustice to goddess of justiceThe day-long protest of the film fraternity, which ended at 5 pm, also passed a resolution that said Jayalalithaa was still the chief minister and hoped that she will come out clean.
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: September 30, 2014 9:49 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 2:40 am
The Tamil film industry turned up in almost full strength on Tuesday to hold a protest against the conviction of J Jayalalithaa , calling the former chief minister “goddess of justice” and questioning the verdict of the Bangalore special court.
While one of the many banner posters put up by the film industry said “Injustice to the goddess of justice?”, another one, referring to the special court, said “Can mere mortals mete out such injustice to the goddess of justice?”
The day-long protest of the film fraternity, which ended at 5 pm, also passed a resolution that said Jayalalithaa was still the chief minister and hoped that she will come out clean.
More than 3,000 people representing the film industry organised the demonstration near the Marina Beach. Leading actors, directors, producers and more than 2,000 workers from different associations related to the film industry took part in the protest. However, seniors actors like Rajinikanth and Kamal Hassan were not present at the venue, citing health reasons.
Film shootings and production work of all Tamil films had been called off on Tuesday.
The protest was jointly organised by the members of the Tamil Film Exhibitors Association, Tamil Film Producers Council and South Indian Artists Association and several unions representing workers in the industry.
Leading actors like Sarath Kumar, Surya, Prabhu, Bagyaraj, Srikanth and S J Surya, directors P Vasu, Chandrasekhar, Cheran, producers K T Kunjumon, Abirami Ramanathan and leading multiplex owners in the city were among those who participated in the protest. Banners and posters expressing solidarity with the AIADMK chief were put up across the city.
Actor Sarath Kumar, who was denied permission to meet Jayalalithaa at the Bangalore prison on Monday, said the demonstration was organised voluntarily and there was no compulsion or threat from anyone. “She has been supporting the film industry in many ways and that is what made us to extend our solidarity and support at this stage,” he said, referring to Jayalalithaa, a former actress herself.
Leading director-actor Cheran said the entire industry was saddened by the verdict. “We all hope that she will get acquitted soon and rule the state,” he said. Many young actors who visited the protest venue were seen leaving immediately.
Several areas across the state witnessed protests and hunger strikes on Tuesday. The Vellore Corporation Council ruled by AIADMK passed a resolution against Justice John D’Cunha, the Bangalore special continued…

Accused fabricated scheme to explain assetsUpdated: October 2, 2014 08:00 IST
Exclusive
‘Fake scheme used to explain away huge money’
Sruthisagar Yamunan
Tweet
The Hindu The 'Jaya Publications' building at Guindy Industrial Estate in Chennai. Photo: S. R. Raghunathan
PTI The former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister was convicted on a disporportionate assets case on September 27, 2014.
The Hindu Tamil film stars led by Sarath Kumar staging a silent protest in Chennai. Photo: K. Pichumani
TOPICS
judge
Former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa and her close aide V. K. Sasikala propped up a fictitious subscription scheme through Jaya Publications as an “afterthought” to account for Rs 14 crore of disproportionate income.
This was the conclusion arrived at by the Special Judge John Michael Cunha in the disproportionate assets case in which he convicted Ms. Jayalalithaa and three other accused on Saturday.
According to the judgement, accessed by The Hindu, Ms. Jayalalithaa and Ms. Sasikala became the partners of Jaya Publications in 1990. According to their lawyers, the firm, in the same year, launched a subscription scheme for ‘Dr. Namathu MGR’, the mouth piece of the AIADMK .
Under the scheme, it was shown that the firm was able to collect over Rs 14 crore as lifetime subscription deposit. For every Rs 3000 paid, one copy of the newspaper was sent to the subscriber.
Investigating the subscription scheme, Judge Cunha points out that the explanation of the deposit scheme had emerged only after the filing of the chargesheet in the case. “There is not even a stray evidence to suggest that the said deposit scheme was in circulation any time before the registration of the criminal case,” the judgement read.
Bulldozing the arguments of the defence that IT returns duly accounted for this income during the relevant years and had been accepted by authorities, Judge Cunha says, “the existence of the scheme was brought to light only in 1998 in the IT returns filed on behalf of the said firms.”
Read the copy of the full judgment
The Hindu exclusively accesses the court order in Jayalalithaa wealth case verdict
The Karnataka High Court on Tuesday decided to hear the bail application of AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa on Wednesday morning, hours after the hearing was adjourned to next week. Read here
Interestingly, the copy of the complaint too is not forthcoming and even this explanation has been believed by the Income Tax department. Read here
The court brought down the total wedding expenditure claimed by the prosecution from Rs 6.45 crore to Rs 3 crore. It said evidence clinchingly established that the expenses were paid for by Ms. Jayalalithaa herself. She had before the wedding declared Mr. Sudhakaran her foster son, but later disowned him. Read here

http://usat.ly/YNPyieDan Eidsmoe
1 month ago
Your Take contributions have not been reviewed for accuracy by USATODAY. Contributors agree to our Terms of Service and are responsible for the content of their videos and photos. Please report any content that violates the terms.
More Topics

http://usat.ly/1CEA7bq© 2014                                                       USATODAY, a division of Gannett Satellite Information Network, Inc.
Information

http://usat.ly/1te95AAFCC eliminates NFL blackout rules
FCC eliminates its NFL blackout rules, allowing TV distributors to air games that aren't sold out
Post to Facebook
FCC eliminates NFL blackout rules FCC eliminates its NFL blackout rules, allowing TV distributors to air games that aren't sold out Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YNyLM7
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
25
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
FCC eliminates NFL blackout rules
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 4:49 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
(Photo: The Associated Press)
3944 CONNECT 233 TWEET 50 LINKEDIN 25 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Federal Communications Commission said Tuesday it repealed its sports blackout rule for the National Football League, eliminating a decades-old ban on airing local games that were not sold out.
The rule change may not trigger significant changes for football fans since almost all NFL games are sold out. The league may still establish its own blackout rules through private contracts they set with broadcasters and cable companies.
In their contracts that run until 2022, the NFL requires broadcast networks to black out a game if a team does not sell out tickets at least 72 hours before the game starts. And the NFL plans to keep the contract in place.
Flashback: Sack the NFL's blackout rule
But the FCC's rule change, approved unanimously by all five commissioners, means the agency no longer prohibits cable and satellite operators from airing any sports event that had been blacked out on a local broadcast station. And now they theoretically would be free to air a local game -- one that has been blacked out on the local broadcast station -- by carrying the broadcast of another station outside the market that's airing the game.
"NFL teams have made significant efforts in recent years to minimize blackouts," the NFL said in a statement. "The NFL is the only sports league that televises every one of its games on free, over-the-air television. The FCC's decision will not change that commitment for the foreseeable future."
Vigorously opposed by broadcasters, the blackout rule is "no longer justified in light of the significant changes in the sports industry since these rules were first adopted nearly forty years ago," the FCC said in a statement.
In the early 1970s, NFL teams relied primarily on ticket sales to generate revenue and the rule was implemented to encourage fans to attend games. But the league has diversified its revenue base by reaping billions in advertising and programming licensing fees from networks.
Despite player concussions and other controversies surrounding its players and teams, the league's popularity is growing unabated and only two NFL games were blacked out last season.
"Blackouts of NFL games are increasingly rare," the FCC said.  "The NFL is the most profitable sports league in the country, with $6 billion in television revenue per year."
Broadcasters have maintained that changing the rule could drive more games away from over-the-air stations to pay-TV providers, like satellite and cable operators.
Cable operators cheered the FCC's move. "We commend the commission's unanimous decision to eliminate the antiquated sports blackout rule," said the National Cable and Telecommunications Association, in a statement. "We encourage the FCC to continue its examination of outdated rules that no longer make sense."
Contributing: Tom Pelissero
3944 CONNECT 233 TWEET 50 LINKEDIN 25 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YNyLM7
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Jeet Machine Tools: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 10.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Jeet Machine Tools: Outcome of AGM
Jeet Machine Tools has informed that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Jeet Machine Tools: Outcome of AGM
Jeet Machine Tools has informed that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Jeet Machine Tools Ltd has informed BSE that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Nimbus Foods Industries: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 10.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nimbus Foods Industries: Outcome of AGM
Nimbus Foods Industries has informed that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nimbus Foods Industries: Outcome of AGM
Nimbus Foods Industries has informed that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Nimbus Foods Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Government ready to help women continue research post marriage: Jitendra Singh7
0
Chandigarh: The central government, under its 'mid-career scheme', is prepared to help all those young women who want to continue their research work after marriage, Union Minister of State for Science and Technology and Earth Sciences Jitendra Singh said on Tuesday.
"Women whose research work gets discontinued after marriage and wants to pursue it can contact the ministry which is prepared to help them under a mid-career scheme," he said.
Asserting that the Centre is committed to promote research work, Singh said "if a girl who is carrying out research in Chandigarh and after marriage gets shifted to Kerala and find it difficult to further pursue her work, the government is ready to help them provided they contact the ministry."
"Women whose research work gets discontinued after marriage and wants to pursue it can contact the ministry which is prepared to help them under a mid-career scheme," Jitendra Singh said.
#jitendra singh #tracking the modi government #mid career scheme #marriage
He said that the country had infrastructural facilities for research, but lacked in human resource. He said his ministry had made it mandatory for 5,000 scientists of the country to give a lesson to students of schools and colleges for at least 12 hours in an academic year.
Singh expressed concern over rise of metabolic diseases due to lifestyle, including diabetes and hyper tension. Immunology has taken a new lead in the country, he said. Later, he told reporters that buoyed by the success of Mars mission the country will explore other planets too.
"We will send indigenous satellites to other planets," he said. Singh was in the city in connection with a conference organised by Institute of Microbial Technology (IMTECH) here. Institute director Girish Sahni said that the IMTECH here had developed a vaccine for TB and working on developing another for Cholera.
"The IMTECH had tied up with an Australian firm to take the vaccine (to prevent TB) to the market," he said.
5

Voting through paper ballot a possibility in three seats: CEC7
0
Mumbai: Three constituencies in Marathwada could see voting through paper ballot instead of the Electronic Voting Machines on October 15 Maharashtra assembly polls if the total number of candidates in each of them exceeds 63.
These constituencies are Bhokar, Nanded South and Nanded North. At Bhokar, where former Chief Minister Ashok Chavan's wife Ameeta is the Congress's nominee, there are total of 75 candidates in the fray. In Nanded, a whopping 91 candidates -- highest in the state -- have filed nominations while in Nanded North there are 80 candidates.
"If the number in each constituency remains above 63 after the last date of withdrawal of nominations tomorrow, the voting will take place through paper ballot," Chief Election Commissioner VS Sampath said at a press conference on Tuesday.
These constituencies are Bhokar, Nanded South and Nanded North.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #elections commission #evm
An EVM can have names of 16 candidates and only four EVMS can be used per polling station, he said. Sampath is in Mumbai to review the preparations. He also announced that voter-verified paper audit trail (VVPAT) will be used in 13 Assembly constituencies.
VVPAT allows voters to verify that their votes have been cast as intended. Due to limited availability, major share of VVPAT system will be given to Maharashtra, Sampath said.
VVPAT will be used in a few constituencies in Nashik (3), Wardha, Aurangabad (3), Amravati (2), Bhandara, Yavatmal, Chandrapur and Ahmednagar districts.      Sampath said the Commission was satisfied with the preparations and added that authorities had been asked to ensure a level-playing field.
2

Microsoft Skips Windows 9 to Emphasize AdvancesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Seth Perlman / ASSOCIATED PRESSseth perlman / associated press
EBay  PayPal Splitting Up Next Yearebay  paypal splitting up next year
Jury awards $1.8 million to wrongly raided Denver familyHere’s the Westword , describing the initial lawsuit in 2011:
Qusair Mohamedbhai, an attorney who defended the family against the assault accusations and is handling the suit in conjunction with Lane, describes the Martinezes as “a family Mexican band. They’ve even done fundraising for other law enforcement, like in Adams County. They’re good people. Nobody’s got criminal records.”
Here’s how Mohamedbhai lays out the facts of the case.
“The Martinez family moved into a house at 1263 Stuart Street in December of ’08, about a month before the incident went down,” Mohamedbhai says. “The police were, I suppose, working on stale information about the former tenants presumably being into drugs and prostitution and some bad stuff. But those guys had been gone for a while. According to the landlord, the house had stayed empty for five or six weeks prior to the Martinez family moving in.
Cut to January 27, 2009, just past 11 p.m., when members of the District 1 Special Crime Attack Team, better known as SCAT, arrived at the Martinez home. “They had no warrant, no application for a warrant, nothing,” Mohamedbhai allows. “They come in hard, kind of expecting to come into a drug den. The father [Daniel Martinez Jr.] opens the door a crack and cops rush in and engage three of the Martinez family — the father and three of the kids [Jonathan, age sixteen at the time, Nathan, nineteen, and Daniel III, 21]. They punched first, asked questions later. One of the kids [Jonathan] got his head put through a window, and another one [Nathan] got punched so hard that he was launched into the air and staggered back. Then two of them got body slammed outside.”
Once everyone was cuffed, Mohamedbhai says the officers assembled everyone on a couch inside the house — “and they look around and realize they’re in a little family house, not a drug den. Then they ask everyone for their socials, and they’ve all got them; they’re all citizens. So they trump up this story that the kids attacked them once the police came in the house upon consent. That’s their version — that the dad let them in and the kids started swinging on these huge cops.”
 Mohamedbhai insists that this last descriptor isn’t hyperbole. “One of the cops is six-five, another one is six-four. And Jonathan Martinez, he’s something like 120 pounds.”
Color me shocked that a unit called the “Special Crime Attack Team” would find itself accused of abuse. This week, a federal jury  awarded the family $1.8 million .
After the raid, two of the Martinez sons were charged with third-degree assault on a police officer, a crime that carries a mandatory two-year jail sentence. It isn’t exactly clear why two young men with no criminal record and who had done nothing else wrong would knowingly assault the armed cops who had just raided their home. Perhaps that’s why the jury acquitted them. Two subsequent investigations, both conducted by other police agencies, found the family’s complaints to be “unfounded.” Which can only mean that these police agencies don’t consider subjecting innocent people to violent police raids a form of abuse.
If Denver officials had simply left it at that, it’s unlikely that the Martinez family would have received any compensation at all. The jury in the family’s civil case didn’t find the raid itself to be abuse. It was the decision to prosecute the boys that was apparently too much. But the family won’t be collecting any time soon. The state plans to appeal. But at best, once again , the party that will be punished for the abuse of innocent people by police and prosecutors won’t be the police and prosecutors who committed the abuse, but Denver (and probably Colorado) taxpayers.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Its little crabs vs. big sea stars in the Pacific. Winner gets the coralBy Darryl Fears September 30 Follow @bydarrylfears
Trapezia flavopunctata is the largest species of coral-guard crabs. (Courtesy of Seabird McKeon)
On the technicolor coral reefs of tropical French Polynesia, crabs are locked in an ancient and epic battle with  sea stars to protect their turf.
It’s hardly a fair fight. The sea stars are as big as a Frisbee and go by frightening names such as “Crown of Thorns” for the sharp spikes on their backs. The crabs are the size of marbles, and many look the part, with red polka dots decorating their little white bodies.
They both have everything to fight for. Sea stars crawl on coral and eat it. Crabs rely on coral for their abode, and the organisms that live on it are their buffet. Needless to say, a house is not a home if it gets eaten, dinner table and all. So the crabs fight the giant invaders sometimes to death, jabbing red claws that resemble little boxing gloves.
A new study released Tuesday describes the crabs as fierce fighters that protect the coral. It's not just bigger crabs who challenge the monstrous sea stars, but little ones do, too -- an entire community of crabs pinching stubby sea star legs, grabbing their bodies, tugging at their hides and making such a nuisance of themselves that the sea stars lumber off to other coral.
Coral secretes nutrition and provides shelter for the crabs. (Copyright David Liittschwager)
Previous studies have shown that crabs engage in a behavior best summed up by an Under Armor sports commercial -- “We must protect this house!” -- but this study is the first to show, the authors say, that an entire neighborhood of crabs that vary in size get into the act in an attempt to repel sea stars and smaller predators.
Bigger crabs take on the biggest sea stars, but ignore smaller sea stars and other predators, such as snails. The smaller crabs engage those animals, a coordinated defense that has likely saved some of the world’s most gorgeous coral from extinction.
“I’d say the major importance of our study is it demonstrates you need a diversity of crabs on the reef,” said Jenna M. Moore , a co-author on the study who’s now a graduate student studying marine zoology at the University of Florida.
“The main message is we need to protect a lot of different kind of diversity of life we might not think about. Basically reef diversity is way more complicated than we understand,” she said. Science shouldn’t be simply concerned about the fall of a few lives that are in danger of extinction for whatever reason, but an entire web of life, particularly in coral, where the community dynamic works in ways no one realized.
Echoing other scientists, Moore says more studies are needed. “Where are the stories that show us how the reef is surviving threats? It’s important to know. Individual coral species, they’re the place where these crabs have a nursery. This little symbiosis of the coral and crabs is semi-well studied, but no one has looked at diversity” of animals on the reef.
A crown of thorns sea star eats a defenseless coral. (Courtesy of Jenna Moore)
The study, “Species and size diversity in protective services offered by coral-guard crabs,” was published Tuesday in the journal PeerJ , and was co-authored by C. Seabird McKeon , who’s currently somewhere in the field studying marine animals. McKeon is a researcher for the Smithsonian Institution Marine Science Network in Fort Pierce, Fla.
Under the crystal blue waters of Mo’orea, French Polynesia, are ghostly formations of dead coral. That graveyard is generally where crabs didn’t used to live and sea stars of various sizes and shapes descended upon.
The scary way sea stars eat might prompt some parents to cover the eyes of children who like to pull them out of the ocean to decorate their bedrooms and bathroom sinks. They crawl on coral, lay their stomachs on it, stick the stomach out and let their digestive enzymes dissolve it.
For some of the smallest crabs on populated reefs, that is the last thing they see. They are no match for the great Crown of Thorns sea star. But the bigger crabs, the largest of the Trapezia species, rise to the challenge and throws a few haymakers to the gut.
Like so many prizefights, the action happens at night. It is gruesome, and it is beautiful, a symphony of sea stars just trying to grab a meal, and crabs trying to not be a meal, as well as trying to protect their homes. Crabs nest in male and female pairs, and protect their eggs and young with ferocity.
Crabs of the Trapezia bidenta were significantly less effective coral defenders. (Copyright David Liittschwager)
As things happened during the study in 2008 and 2009, there was an event that occurs once about every 30 years -- an outbreak of “Crown of Thorns,” also known as Acanthaster, rhymes with disaster. By September 2008, most of the coral in that area of Polynesia was eaten.
But not all. A section of coral called the Pocillopora eydouxi that “occurs on the fore reef and hosts...a suite of...symbiotic species” was spared because gangs of big sea stars were repelled. A community of mismatch crabs working as one is called symbiotic.
Researchers jumped into deep water to observe the sea star wars, but they also duplicated the action at the Richard B. Gump Research Station of the University of California. They wanted to look at how the Trapezia crab species used the coral, look at how they fought for the coral, and observe if their roles tended to vary by size.
They pitted them against the Crown of Thorns, the Culcita novaeguineae that resembles the sand dollar, and Drupella cornus, a fairly large sea snail. The predators were starved about two days and released.
In one test, the coral was unprotected. In another, the coral was populated. In general, the unpopulated coral was greedily consumed. The populated coral had fewer feeding marks, a result of a spirited defense of crabs working together.
In one lab study, the removal of defenders from a clump of coral “led to an increased rate of attack and tissue loss,” the study said. “Over a two-week experimental period, 64 percent of corals with symbionts removed were attacked,” compared to 18 percent of those full of fierce and angry crabs.
Coral reefs in the Indo-Pacific have long protected human habitats, acting as barriers against storms, wave damage and erosion. (Courtesy of Seabird McKeon)
The crabs are only three inches across, Moore says, and the combatants are “not evenly matched. The sea stars are really, really big.” It’s not unusual for crabs to get gobbled with the coral.
On the other hand, she said, “the crabs are aggressive and the sea stars are slow moving.” And when the sea stars ooze up on the coral, “the crabs grab and pinch with their claws. They basically pinch the feet, shaking the sea star and basically annoy it off the coral.
“If the crabs are doing their jobs and being annoying, the sea stars will move off to something else,” Moore said. “They’ll go to another coral without crabs. There are a whole bunch of dead coral and the live ones will be full of crabs.”
Smithsonian scientist Jenna Moore collects data. (Courtesy of Serge Andrefouet)

Third Circuit on the mosaic theory and Smith v. MarylandBy Orin Kerr September 30
Back in August, the Third Circuit handed down an unpublished opinion in United States v. Gomez (August 8, 2014) , that appears to have rejected the mosaic theory of the Fourth Amendment , at least in the context of telephone metadata. I haven’t seen any coverage of the decision elsewhere, so I thought I would blog it.
In Gomez, the government obtained a pen register order to monitor the metadata for Gomez’s telephone calls for about 5 weeks. Gomez argued that under the Jones concurrences, the prolonged surveillance was sufficient to constitute a Fourth Amendment search. The Third Circuit disagreed in an opinion by Judge Smith joined by Judges Vanaskie and Schwartz:
Gomez first argues that the DEA’s prolonged warrantless use of a pen register and trap and trace device violated his privacy rights under the Fourth Amendment. We agree with the District Court that this argument is foreclosed by Smith [v. Maryland]. Gomez provided a third party — in this case, Sprint — with all the data that the DEA obtained through the use of the pen register and trap and trace device. In so doing, Gomez abandoned his privacy interest in this data because he “assumed the risk that the information would be divulged to police.” Smith, 442 U.S. at 745, 99 S.Ct. 2577. Although Justice Sotomayor has urged the Court to reconsider Smith‘s holding that “an individual has no reasonable expectation of privacy in information voluntarily disclosed to third parties,” United States v. Jones, ––– U.S. ––––, 132 S.Ct. 945, 957, 181 L.Ed.2d 911 (2012) (Sotomayor, J., concurring), we remain bound by Smith until a majority of the Court endorses this view.
The Third Circuit then adds the following explanatory footnote:
In the proceedings below, Gomez conceded that his position was “contrary to” Smith, but cited Justice Sotomayor’s concurrence in Jones for the proposition that “Smith is antiquated and must be reconsidered.” J.A. 60. Gomez presents a different argument on appeal. Instead of urging us to overrule Smith’s “third party doctrine,” Gomez contends that this doctrine has already been “cabined” by five Justices of the Supreme Court—a number he reaches by combining Justice Sotomayor’s and Justice Alito’s concurrences in Jones. Appellant’s Br. 27, 31. As Gomez did not raise this argument before the District Court, it is waived. Holk v. Snapple Beverage Corp., 575 F.3d 329, 336 (3d Cir.2009).
In any event, we reject Gomez’s contention that the concurrences in Jones “cabined” Smith. Justice Alito’s concurrence did not explicitly seek to limit Smith, and indeed relied heavily on the fact that drivers of automobiles do not expect third parties to possess detailed, long-term data regarding their location. Jones, 132 S.Ct. at 964 (Alito, J., concurring). By contrast, cell phone users do expect service providers to possess detailed, long-term data regarding the numbers they dial because this information is necessarily conveyed in the course of connecting a call. Smith, 442 U.S. at 743, 99 S.Ct. 2577. By disclosing this data, cell phone users, unlike drivers of automobiles, “assume[ ] the risk” that a third party will convey it to law enforcement. Id. at 744, 99 S.Ct. 2577. Therefore, we are not persuaded that the two concurrences in Jones have limited Smith to short-term call monitoring.
Off the top of my head, I think this is the first federal court of appeals opinion to directly address the important question of whether the mosaic theory modifies Smith v. Maryland. The opinion was not “published” and is therefore non-precedential. But given that this is likely to be an important issue when the D.C. Circuit reviews Klayman v. Obama on November 4th, I thought the Third Circuit’s opinion was worth noting.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.

Spread of enterovirus D68 takes an alarming turn with reports of paralysis: What we know and dont knowBy Ariana Eunjung Cha September 30 Follow @arianaeunjung
Doctors at the Children's Hospital of Colorado said Monday that they have treated over 4,000 children with serious respiratory illnesses since August. Nine of the patients have shown signs of paralysis and muscle weakness. (AP)
Since doctors in Denver reported last week that several children who tested positive for the respiratory virus experienced limb weakness or paralysis, there’s been a lot of confusion about what that means. Here’s the latest on what we do and don’t know about the mystery symptom:
*Ten children at Children’s Hospital Colorado who were admitted between Aug. 9-Sept. 28 have experienced “paralysis-like symptoms,” according to the Denver Post . The affected children were ages 1 to 18 with the average age being 8.
*None of the children are completely unable to move but have “varying degrees of muscle weakness, difficulty swallowing, difficulty breathing, weakness in the neck and trunk, and difficulty walking,” Joyce Oleszek, a pediatric rehabilitation specialist, told the Denver Post.
*It’s too early to say whether the symptoms are permanent," hospital officials said.
*Four of the children in Colorado tested positive for enterovirus D68.
*Their symptoms are probably not related to polio. Eight of the 10 children affected were up to date on their polio vaccinations. (D68 is related to the virus that causes polio but D68 and other viruses in the enterovirus family typically do not cause these types of symptoms.)
*They don't seem to be due to West Nile either. Tests of the children’s spinal fluid came back negative for the mosquito-borne virus.
*Doctors at Children’s Mercy Hospital in Kansas City, Mo. are investigating three cases of children with similar symptoms, according to Bloomberg .
*The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention labs are backlogged with samples, but so far at least 443 people in 40 states and the District of Columbia have been confirmed as having been infected with the virus. It’s unclear how many of the children in that group are experiencing muscle weakness or paralysis symptoms as the CDC is still in the process of collecting that data.
*There have been no deaths definitively linked to D68 although the New Jersey Department of Health on Monday said the CDC took samples from a four-year-old who died at home with suspicious symptoms.
*A cluster of five children in California who also experienced paralysis-like symptoms was identified last year, and two of those children tested positive for EV-D68, according to CNN .
*A similar cluster was reported in Victoria, Australia in 2013. The Age reported that the enterovirus they were infected with was EV71, which is different from D68 but related to it.
*Since 2012, Stanford University researchers have been tracking at least 20 cases of childhood paralysis that appears to be similar to polio and began with respiratory symptoms. In a news release earlier this year, pediatric neurologist  Keith Van Haren warned of a possible new threat.
"In the past decade, newly identified strains of enterovirus have been linked to polio-like outbreaks among children in Asia and Australia. These five new cases highlight the possibility of an emerging infectious polio-like syndrome in California,” Van Haren said .
Ariana Eunjung Cha is a national reporter for the Post. She has previously served as the newspaper’s bureau chief in Beijing, Shanghai and San Francisco, a correspondent in Baghdad and as a tech reporter based in Washington.

The Kirkus! The Thurber! Its been a banner month for women graphic novelists & editorial artistsBy Michael Cavna September 30 Follow @comicriffs
 
SCOTT McCLOUD is on the phone, talking about his chapter introductions — demi-essays, really — within the must-read Best American Comics 2014 anthology, which is due out next week. In raving about such talents as Raina Telgemeier , McCloud is really speaking to what he sees as a demi-revolution coming within comics.
In the next decade, the comics scholar/cartoonist is saying, we will see a new generation of top female talents come into their own, as creators like Jillian Tamaki amass enough of a body of work that they will naturally be positioned to become the next Chris Ware or Dan Clowes. And when that happens, he says, perception will match reality about the growing gender diversity within so much of comics — from creators to readers.
Yet in terms of midcareer trailblazers, that future is already here.
Exhibit A: September 2014. Some of the groundbreakers are getting their due.
On Sept. 17, for instance, within a span of several hours, graphic novelist Alison Bechdel (“Fun Home,” “Dykes to Watch Out For”) was announced as a recipient of a 2014 MacArthur “genius grant,” and New Yorker cartoonist Roz Chast (“Can’t We Talk About Something More Pleasant?” — her first graphic novel) was long-listed for a National Book Award for nonfiction (the only woman cited in her category, interestingly). Chast told The Post’s Comic Riffs that it was wonderful to be part of a banner day for women cartoonists.
[ALISON BECHDEL: ‘Thrilled’ graphic novelist breaks yet more ground with MacArthur ‘genius’ grant ]
Now this morning comes the news that Chast is also a nonfiction finalist for the inaugural Kirkus Prize , the winners of which will be announced next month — and which will come with a $50,000 prize. Her sublime “Can’t We Talk About Something More Pleasant?” is a graphic memoir about coping with the decline and deaths of her parents. “I’m thrilled and honored,” Chast tells Comic Riffs of the Kirkus recognition. “Old age is an interesting topic, I think.”
[ROZ CHAST: New Yorker cartoonist’s new eldercare memoir is a soulful, singular achievement ]
Also nominated is Virginia-based children’s illustrator Cece Bell, whose first graphic novel, the new “El Deafo,” is a finalist in the Kirkus’s Young Readers category. “El Deafo” is a graphic memoir about growing up deaf, and the superhero alter-ego she imagines to empower herself and embrace her being different.
“When I read that … Roz Chast had been nominated, I knew I had arrived,” Bell tells The Post’s Comic Riffs this morning. “She is my hero, for sure.
“The small chance that I might get to meet her,” Bell says of Chast, “helped me decide to fight my fears and get on the plane” to attend next month’s awards ceremony in Austin.
[‘EL DEAFO’: With her first (and so funny) graphic novel, deaf Va. artist CECE BELL hopes her tale will help others ]
Also newly up for an award is Chast’s New Yorker colleague Liza Donnelly, whose book of cartoons “Women on Men” is one of three finalists for the 2014 Thurber Prize for American Humor . The awards ceremony is tonight; the winner will receive a $5,000 prize.
That ceremony will cap a month in which artist Fiona Staples (“SAGA”) was much honored at Baltimore Comic-Con’s Harvey Awards ; Susie Cagle won an Online News Association award, in an Online Commentary category, for her comics journalism for Medium ; and Jillian Tamaki and cousin Mariko Tamaki won the Ignatz Award for Outstanding Graphic Novel at SPX: Small Press Expo — among five women winners that night. (Donnelly, it should be noted, presided over last year’s Ignatz ceremony, when all the presenters were women.)
[ROZ CHAST: With ‘a little distance’ after parents’ deaths, cartoonist creates a superb and soulful new memoir ]
So September has been a welcome month — capping a midyear awards season that seemed to really kick off in April, when alt-weekly cartoonist Jen Sorensen became the first woman to pick up the Herblock Prize , and the musical adaptation of Bechdel’s “Fun Home” was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
And as McCloud notes, the next generation — cartoonists like Tamaki and Bell and Sorensen — seem to be burning bright in trails blazed by Chast and Bechdel and Donnelly. And the readers are following.
“When I wrote my book ‘When Do They Serve the Wine?,’ I was teaching women’s studies and humor studies at Vassar College,” Donnelly tells The Post’s Comic Riffs, ahead of her ceremony tonight. “I used my and others’ cartoons to make points, and realized how important it is for women of different generations to seriously talk to one another.
“Each generation makes the same mistakes and we can stop that if we just share our experiences. What better way than with humor?”
.
.
 
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

CFO: Walgreen s 4Q loss  doesn t tell the whole storyWalgreen suffers 4Q loss on acquisition charge
Walgreens earnings
The Walgreens store at State and Randolph Streets in Chicago.
The Walgreens store at State and Randolph Streets in Chicago. (Nancy Stone / Chicago Tribune)
By Ellen Jean Hirst, Tribune reporter
Walgreen CFO: Fourth-quarter loss 'doesn't tell the whole story."
Walgreen loss caused by charge related to pursuit of Alliance Boots.
Walgreen Co. reported a net loss for its fiscal fourth quarter after absorbing a large accounting charge related to its acquisition of European counterpart Alliance Boots GmbH.
The drugstore operator recorded an $866 million noncash loss in the quarter ended Aug. 31 because it opted to exercise early an option to buy the remaining stake in health and beauty retailer Alliance Boots. In 2012, Deerfield-based Walgreen bought a 45 percent stake in the Swiss company and had until 2015 to decide whether to buy the rest.
Walgreen earnings
@ChiTribGraphics
@ChiTribGraphics
For the quarter, Walgreen posted a net loss of $239 million, or 25 cents per share, compared with earnings of $657 million, or 69 cents per share, a year earlier. Excluding the charge, Walgreen's adjusted results matched Wall Street expectations of 74 cents a share.
8
“We have much more to do,” Walgreen CEO Greg Wasson said in a statement. “We closed the fiscal year by exercising the option for the second step of our strategic transaction with Alliance Boots, completing the transition of our pharmaceutical distribution to AmerisourceBergen and driving continued improvement in our daily living business.”
The deal with Alliance Boots makes Walgreen a global business, with a network of about 12,400 drugstores in 14 countries. Though Walgreen this year considered moving its corporate headquarters to Switzerland or the United Kingdom to save on taxes, it ultimately decided to stay in the Chicago area. Its new holding company, Walgreens Boots Alliance, will be incorporated in Delaware.
Revenue for the quarter rose 6.2 percent, to $19.1 billion. Sales at stores open at least a year, a key gauge of retailer health, increased 5.4 percent.
Equity analyst Jeff Windau, of Edward Jones, with a hold rating on the company's stock, said he will be monitoring the rollout of the Alliance Boots acquisition.
“There are always challenges with acquisitions,” Windau said.
But he was generally relieved, he said, that Walgreen hit expectations for the quarter.
“We do think management is taking appropriate actions trying to manage their costs,” he said. “They're becoming more of a role in the health care of patients. … We think that will help them grow in the long term.”
Walgreen earned $1.9 billion, or $2 per share, in its latest fiscal year, down from $2.5 billion, or $2.56 per share, a year earlier. Sales for the fiscal year increased 5.8 percent, to $76.4 billion.
Walgreen also filled a record 856 million prescriptions in fiscal 2014 and said the number of prescriptions filled by Medicare Part D patients, people who receive government subsidies for prescription drugs, increased 9.2 percent in the quarter compared with a year ago.
Since the beginning of fiscal 2013, Walgreen Co.'s Medicare Part D prescription market share grew more than twice as fast as its overall prescription market share, the company said.
Still, Wasson said fiscal-year 2015 will be affected by lower Medicare Part D reimbursement rates, as well as the rising prices of generic drugs, but did not give specific estimates on how much those items would affect the company's bottom line.
Walgreen expects $650 million in savings from the merger in 2015. Wasson said he knows the deal might cause some anxiety among Walgreen employees in fiscal 2015, too, but the company is working to make sure the cultural transition goes well.
“There's going to be some degree of angst, and that should be expected,” Wasson said. “We have certainty that we are going to bring this together. … How we've seen it come together (so far) is very, very encouraging.”
Walgreen stock was barely affected at Tuesday's market close, down about half a percent to $59.27.

Jewel-Osco stores hit again by data hack8
“What was particularly interesting in this is that the breach came out after they had already notified that there was an initial breach,” said D.J. Vogel, a partner, security and compliance practice leader at Sikich, a professional services firm based in Naperville. “That would suggest that the breach may not have been initially contained.”
The new malware may have captured account numbers, expiration dates, other numerical information and cardholders' names, the companies said. But sensitive information such as Social Security numbers and birthdates were not captured, they added.
Several major chains, including Home Depot, Neiman Marcus and Target, have been hit by data breaches in recent months. Last week, Champaign-based sandwich chain Jimmy John’s said it learned of a data breach involving credit and debit card data at 216 of its locations, including four in Chicago and more than a dozen in the suburbs.
“The same types of attacks that were happening years ago are still causing the same problems,” said Vogel, who noted that consumers generally are not responsible for fraudulent credit card charges.
cComments
Seems to me the best option if you're really concerned is to use Pre-Paid Cards. Yes, there is a minor cost involved when you buy the card but weighing that against the hassle of getting a new debit card, changing CC information AGAIN for places like Netflix or auto debit accounts. The...
Ronald214

CME Group hires three to expand international businessCME Group hires three to expand international business
CME Group
People walk by CME headquarters on November 1, 2013.
People walk by CME headquarters on November 1, 2013. (Nancy Stone/Chicago Tribune)
Reuters
CME Group Inc. Chicago Board of Trade
CME Group, parent of the Chicago Board of Trade, has appointed three people to key positions to expand its international business.
William Knottenbelt was named international senior managing director. He will focus on growing the firm's core business, customer relationships, and new opportunities across Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), Asia and Latin America. Knottenbelt will report to Chief Commercial Officer Bryan Durkin. Knottenbelt joined the CME Group in 2011 and previously led its European business.

Londoners accidentally pay for free Wi-Fi with a firstborn  because no one reads anymore2
But to see just how little attention we pay when checking that agreement box, F-Secure included a “Herod clause” — one that offered up free Wi-Fi in exchange for the company's permanent ownership of the user's firstborn child.
The experiment was intended to highlight the dangers of connecting to unknown Wi-Fi networks, the Guardian reports. While only six people clicked through the Herod clause, another 33 devices connected once the researchers removed all Terms and Conditions. Meanwhile, users left their personal data — including passwords — completely vulnerable to the network.
A company would probably have trouble getting you to hand over your pride and joy (even if you were technically contractually obligated), so don't panic. But this hapless agreement to terms is pretty common: A 2011 survey found that 58 percent of adults would rather read an instruction manual or credit card bill than go through online terms and conditions. Even the phone book was a more palatable read for 12 percent of those surveyed.
And we know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that people basically never read the things they agree to online — because if we did, we'd spend about 76 days a year doing it. In fact, this new study isn't the first of its kind: On April Fool's Day in 2010, a host of U.K. shoppers were tricked into signing away their immortal souls.
But hey, wait, what if you always read the terms and conditions? Consider this: In a 2008 study, the Nielsen Norman Group consulting firm concluded that Internet users probably only actually read about 20 percent of the words they “read.” We've convinced ourselves that we're master speed readers, but we're actually just skimming.

People are bending iPhones in Apple StoresPeople are now bending iPhones in Apple Stores
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 30, 2014: 12:25 PM ET
 
Does the iPhone 6 Plus bend? CNN tests.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Curiosity takes people to some weird places sometimes.
To find out whether the iPhone 6 Plus can actually bend, some are testing it out for themselves -- in Apple Stores.
Two British teenagers who call themselves Kylie and Danny filmed themselves bending an iPhone 6 Plus in an Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) Store to the point that the screen started to pop out of the case. They posted the video on YouTube but then quickly took it down.
The internets don't forget, though, and the video is still available in several places online. The teens later apologized in a follow-up video .
Related: Is the iPhone 6 Plus bendable?
"I don't even know why we did this," Kylie said in the second video. "I take full responsibility ... We know what we did was wrong."
But he also mentioned the iPhone 6 Plus is "easy to bend -- it really is. It's not like we put hard pressure on the phone."
 
Apple's bad update worse than #BendGate
It's not just teenagers that are using un-purchased phones to test whether BendGate is real.
Business Insider sent a reporter to an Apple Store to try to bend an iPhone 6 Plus. A tech analyst also tweeted that he went into an AT&T store to test it out .
The BendGate controversy started last week, when Internet personality Lewis Hilsenteger posted a video showing him bend the iPhone 6 Plus with his hands. Apple said only a handful of customers have complained about bending iPhones, and Consumer Reports said the iPhone 6 Plus passed its stress test.
Notably, Hilsenteger and Consumer Reports bought the iPhones they bent.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 11:24 AM ET
Most Popular

Microsoft skips Windows 9 to emphasize advancesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

http://usat.ly/1rIRowURetirees: 9 easy ways to cut spending
About 71% of people, including working folks and retirees, have financial worries, a survey shows.
Post to Facebook
Retirees: 9 easy ways to cut spending About 71% of people, including working folks and retirees, have financial worries, a survey shows. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vtRaL0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
16
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Retirees: 9 easy ways to cut spending
Nanci Hellmich , USA TODAY 11:29 a.m. EDT October 5, 2014
About 71% of people, including working folks and retirees, have financial worries, a survey shows.
In a recent survey 31% said their biggest concern is not having enough savings in retirement.
(Photo: iStockphoto)
2217 CONNECT 164 TWEET 118 LINKEDIN 16 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Retirees often ask Gail Cunningham of the National Foundation for Credit Counseling how to trim their budgets so they can live on their fixed incomes.
She tells them the first step is to take a hard look at their spending and find little ways to trim back to create a savings for emergencies.
About 71% of people, including working folks and retirees, have financial worries, and 31% of them say their biggest concern is not having enough savings, according to a recent survey of 2,016 adults conducted for the credit counseling foundation, which has more than 80 member agencies and 600 locations that offer free or low-cost financial counseling.
In fact, 34% of people in the survey say they have zero non-retirement savings. That's similar to a finding from a recent survey from Bankrate.com,,which showed 26% of people have no emergency savings, which is money readily available to them in either a checking account, savings account or money market.
Many people need to create a personal budget to see how much they spend and where they spend it and then fit savings into their budget, says Thomas Nitzsche, a financial educator at ClearPoint Credit Counseling Solutions in Atlanta.
Cunningham and Nitzsche offer these nine ways to save more:
• Pay with cash. People who put their plastic away and choose to pay with cash typically spend about 20% less, yet don't feel deprived, Cunningham says. "Why? They have an increased awareness of their spending, and instead of casually spending their hard-earned money, they become more contemplative and as a result, spend less."
• Tracking spending. This is something people strongly resist doing, probably because once they see their spending staring back at them in black and white they'll be forced to change their ways, Cunningham says. "However, it's the only way a person can truly see where their money is going and plug the leaks."
• Try the $10 by 10 equals $100 plan. People usually have multiple discretionary spending categories, some of which have fixed payments. However, it's easy to shave $10 off of 10 spending categories such as food, utilities, clothing, miscellaneous, gas, she says. "Voila – you have an extra $100 and you felt no pain."
• Pocket the savings from items bought on sale. "Everyone feels like a savvy shopper when they score a good deal by buying something on sale," she says. "To actually realize the savings - 'show me the money' by putting the amount saved into your savings account. Now that's a real saving."
• Ask for discounts. Whether you are a senior, military or member of AAA, AARP or the Farm Bureau, use that to your advantage and ask if there is a discount offered at restaurants, hotels or for house or auto repair services, Nitzsche says. The money you save can be tucked into your savings.
• Trim your food costs. Eating out frequently is a huge budget-buster for many people, he says. If you want to eat out, be smart about it. Use sites like restaurant.com and groupon.com to help reduce the cost. Many restaurants have bargain days or happy hours when the prices are better, and a lot of chain restaurants have coupons on their websites or they offer deals through social media.
• Cut your rent. Try renting a room in someone else's home instead of renting a more expensive apartment or home, Nitzsche says. There are many homeowners anxious to save money by sharing, and you may gain a new friend, he says. This can be especially good for people who don't want to sign a lease, he says. "I currently rent a fully furnished carriage house in one of the best areas of Atlanta for $600 a month, including all utilities and cable. It's a really nice home in a very nice neighborhood."
• Shop for the best price for home repairs and other services. "Always get at least three bids and make sure the company you request a bid from is in good standing with the Better Business Bureau, or you can end up paying dearly," Nitzsche says. Also check for coupons on the company's website as well as third party sites such as Groupon and Angieslist.com.
• Bargain hunt for travel deals. Check out www.biddingfortravel.com and learn how to strategically bid using Priceline.com's Name Your Own Price feature, Nitzsche says. It is a really good way to save a lot of money on your travel budget. "I have stayed at four-star hotels in major cities for as little as $50. The same applies to cars, which I have rented for as little as $9 a day and flights, if you can be flexible on travel time and connections."

The Hong KongbunglePrint
Posted: October 1, 2014 12:00 am
The Chinese can’t say they weren’t warned. Everybody with even an ounce of common sense told Beijing and its local satraps in Hong Kong that their transparent attempt to fix the election of the next chief executive of that territory by ensuring that only vetted candidates could stand was likely to blow up in their faces.
How could the Chinese authorities have got themselves into such a mess? The answer can already be discerned in the way pro-Chinese media are describing the situation. There the blame is laid on foreigners and Western intelligence agencies. There is stress on “illegality” and the culpability of citizens who “do not love China”. There seems no room in the official mind for the idea that it has made the wrong decisions.
Hong Kong has in recent years been run by an alliance of local communists and local big business, with mainland officials and intelligence people keeping a careful eye on both. They have their differences, but come together to sustain the pro-Beijing regime. They have been able to contain the third force, the opposition pan-democrats who would be able in any fair vote to outnumber them, although not necessarily by much.
The democratic forces are not, however, anti-Beijing. They want democracy because they believe in it as a principle. But they are led by realists who see themselves as in favour of judicious accommodation with Beijing and of a modest, unprovocative pursuit of Hong Kong’s interests and defence of its special status.
From a leader in ‘The Guardian’, London

India  China border stand off  that cast a shadow on Xis visit endsComments
The border standoff between India and China ended on Tuesday with both Beijing and New Delhi announcing a withdrawal of troops from the disputed area.
A meeting of the Working Mechanism for Consultation and Coordination on India-China Border Affairs (WMCC) will be convened in India on 16-17 October 2014 to discuss various issues pertaining to the maintenance of peace and tranquillity in the border areas. This mechanism consists of officials from external affairs ministry, home ministry, Indian army and Indo-Tibetan border police and their Chinese counterparts. 
The announcement from Beijing came late on Tuesday night, hours before China was to go on a week-long break — its annual National Day holidays.
Read: Modi talks tough with China’s president Xi on border row
The statement was put out by Xinhua, China’s official news agency, and it spoke for India as well. The release from the external affairs ministry came around the same time.
“As per understanding reached between India and China, the two sides have carried out disengagement and redeployment of border troops in Chumar and Demchok areas in Eastern Ladakh on September 26-27, 2014 to restore the status quo ante as on September 1, 2014”, external affairs ministry said.
“China and India have completed the withdrawal of troops from a standoff at the border on Tuesday,” Xinhua said, quoting the foreign ministry of China.
Read: Is aggression a China ploy to keep India in check?
The announcement also came while Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is in the United States on an official visit and sundry reports have swirled about India-China-US relations. External affairs minister Sushma Swaraj had met her Chinese counterpart on the sidelines of the UNGA after which she had announced the border standoff being sorted out.
A meeting of the Border Commanders at Spanggur Gap held this afternoon confirmed that the standoff between the border troops of two sides in Chumar and Demchok areas has been successfully terminated.

Gandhians  Orwellians battle for memorial in Bihar s ChamparanGandhi, Orwell legacy splits Bihar's Motihari over getting a landmark
Sagar Suraj , Hindustan Times  Motihari, Bihar, September 30, 2014
First Published: 21:23 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:15 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
The lake town of Motihari in Bihar has turned into a battleground for self-styled champions of Mahatma Gandhi and George Orwell’s legacies. While the pro-Gandhi group wants a memorial to the Mahatma who launched a Satyagraha movement from Motihari, the other side supports a project to turn a crumbling brick bungalow where the Animal Farm author was born into a monument to him.
Self-styled champions of George Orwell’s legacies showing support for a project to turn a crumbling brick bungalow where the Animal Farm author was born into a monument dedicated to him. (HT Photo)
About a hundred people held a demonstration and a fast on Tuesday, saying those opposed to the Orwell memorial were racists with totalitarian tendencies, traits both Orwell and Gandhi criticised.
Orwell was born Eric Arthur Blair on June 25, 1903 in the city near the Nepal border while his father, Richard W Blair, worked as an agent in the opium department of the civil service in colonial India.
The family’s tiny single-storey bungalow was in disrepair until the Bihar government kicked off the project to turn it into a protected monument this year.
“We are proud that Motihari is the birthplace of such a great and world-renowned writer,” said activist Muna Giri, who led the pro-Orwell demonstration. “Had they (the detractors) known him, they would not have opposed Orwell. Both Orwell and Gandhi fought against injustice.”
The pro-Gandhi group, however, wants the bungalow to be demolished and a Satyagraha Park to be set up in the area to honour the Mahatma. Orwell was a symbol of the British Raj and its imperialism, they said, and all signs of his legacy should be blotted out from the city.
“We are committed to protest the development work at the Orwell site,” said advocate Mamta Rani Verma, who is spearheading the pro-Gandhi movement. “The Satyagraha Park should be built first.”
Verma and others say Gandhi's first Satyagraha movement began at this site in 1917 against the high taxes imposed on indigo farmers by the British regime.
The local administration has, so far, maintained a distance from the controversy. This reporter tried to contact area district magistrate Abhay Kumar Singh, but he remained unavailable for comment.
Orwell, who lived in Motihari for a year as a child before leaving for England, wrote admiringly of Gandhi in his 1949 essay “Reflections on Gandhi”.
But he also criticised his famously austere lifestyle.
“No doubt alcohol, tobacco and so forth are things that a saint must avoid, but sainthood is also a thing that human beings must avoid,” Orwell wrote.

Anil Ambani to take on brother Mukesh in 4G mobile sectorAnil Ambani to take on brother Mukesh in 4G mobile sector
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f36a3e66-4897-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bookmakers agree ban on free bets ads© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69c63c30-47d1-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former SC judge Singhvi is tribunalchiefPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 12:37 am
Justice G S Singhvi, a former Supreme Court judge who retired in December 2013, has been appointed as the chairman of the Competition Appellate Tribunal (Compat). As per the Compat website, he took charge on September 25. He succeeds former Supreme Court judge V S Sirpurkar, who retired in August.
The Compat, which hears appeals from the Competition Commission of India (CCI), is still without its other two members. It is understood that a notification for Justice Singhvi’s appointment as the chairperson of the Airport Economic Regulatory Authority Appellate Tribunal is also in the offing.

View from the left: MaintainingcontinuityPrint
Express News Service | Posted: October 1, 2014 12:35 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 12:45 am
Discussing Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India earlier this month, the CPM’s People’s Democracy has said the statements made and the joint vision given by both India and China “should lay the foundation for the emergence of much closer good-neighbourly relations between the two countries and for cooperation on international matters which are of mutual concern and benefit to both our countries”.
“The CPM has always maintained that improved relations between India and China are a vital element for ensuring peace and security in South Asia,” an editorial states. “While the mutually agreed institutional arrangements to discuss and resolve the disputes between our two countries, including border disputes, across the table must continue… and security, economic, cultural and people to people relations must improve… This can only be ensured by carrying forward the ‘continuum’ of India’s foreign policy, as asserted by our minister for external affairs in Parliament,” it adds.
The editorial, however, says the “slant in the foreign policy” of the country under the new government will be known only later, given that in just over a hundred days of his taking charge as prime minister, Narendra Modi has paid official visits to Nepal, Bhutan and Japan, besides travelling to the US to attend the United Nations General Assembly, while receiving Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and the Chinese president.
Turbulent Middle East 
Noting that the US has launched a “fresh offensive” in the Middle East to “contain and destroy their own creation, the ISIS”, the CPI’s New Age has said that “by the time America reached the conclusion that the ISIS has to be destroyed, the world had come to know that the outfit was floated and patronised by the Americans”.
“It was part of the American bid to instal its puppet regimes in different Arab countries under the garb of the democratic upsurge that was initially called the Arab Spring… This is not the first time that Americans have adopted such tactics,” it alleges. “The propaganda blitz this time is more poisonous and has potential for more serious consequences, not merely for the Arab world but countries like India, where there is a substantial Muslim population…The American ploy of attacking the ISIS needs to be seen in the proper perspective. The National Council of the CPI that concluded its special session on Sunday (September 21), in its report on political developments has rightly pointed out: ‘It is obvious that the American imperialists and their allies have failed to overcome the economic crisis that started in 2008 and now the only hope for them is to revive their military-industrial complex by promoting all sorts of regional conflicts among neighbours as well as within the countries’,” it asserts.
The editorial concludes that this warning needs to be taken seriously. “Without any concession to the notorious ISIS and the very concept of it, one needs to expose the real imperialist gameplan to plunge the world into turmoil and conflict that humanity has never witnessed,” it says.
Temple of discrimination

Information commissioner posts: 486 apply  more than half of thembureaucratsPrint
Written by Shyamlal Yadav | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 12:34 am
The Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) has received 486 applications for the posts of central information commissioners which are currently vacant.
The applicants include several serving and retired bureaucrats, and candidates from the legal field, social sector, management, science and technology and other fields like media. Several of the applicants had applied last year as well.
The DoPT had called for applications in July this year and received them till August 19. There are currently three vacancies for the post of information commissioners. If one of the present commissioners is elevated to the post of Chief Information Commissioner, which is vacant since August, there will be a fourth vacancy.
Confirming the 486 applications, sources in the DoPT said the applicants include former DoPT secretaries P K Mishra and Shyamal Sarkar, former Information and Broadcasting secretary U K Verma, former Urban Development secretary Arun Kumar Mishra and former Law secretary B A Agarwal.
There are more than 200 applicants who are serving or retired bureaucrats, mostly from the Indian Administrative Service. They include former adviser of Bihar Planning Commission Anil Kumar, retired or serving secretaries of the government of India Sudhir Krishna, Ashok Thakur, Vishwa Pati Trivedi, D R S Chaudhary, Neeta Chaudhary, Madhav Lal, Sangeeta Gairola, Sanjay Srivastav, Pankaj Jain, M Farooqi, Johra Chatterjee, former ambassador to Jordan Radharanjan Das, former MEA secretary A K Atri, former ambassador to Turkey S G Thomas, retired Indian Economic Service officer P R Deviprasad among others.
The sources said that a panel of Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth and DoPT Secretary Sanjay Kothari will shortlist the candidates.
They said there are 98 names from the legal field but none of them are serving or retired judges of high court or Supreme Court. The post of the information commissioner has the rank and allowances equivalent to that of a Supreme Court judge.
Journalists, journalism teachers and even a manager in a district edition of a Hindi daily are among those who have applied from the media.
The sources said at least two applicants are aged less than 30 — a 27-year-old from Madhya Pradesh and a 29-year-old from Rajasthan. A computer operator in ICICI Bank in Kota has also applied.

VVIP chopper deal: Khaitan sent to five-daycustodyPrint
Written by Kaunain Sherrif | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 12:32 am
Businessman Gautam Khaitan was remanded to five-day Enforcement Directorate (ED) custody by a Delhi court on Tuesday in connection with the Rs 3,600-crore AgustaWestland deal case.
ED prosecutor Naveen Kumar Matta told the court that the agency wanted his custody to confront him with documents in their possession. The agency said they have 188 documents that need to be confronted in order to “trace the proceeds of crime”. The ED also told the court that they are in the process of retrieving ‘crucial data’ recovered from one hard disk and 2 cellphones. “The data is expected to come on October 3,” the ED prosecutor told Metropolitan Magistrate Sunil Kumar Sharma.
The ED also said they found that 70 million euros was paid as kickbacks.

Modi And ObamaswarThe real issue is not about double standards on terrorism.
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: October 1, 2014 12:31 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 8:01 am
Will he or won’t he? As Prime Minister Narendra Modi wraps up his visit to the United States in Washington, there has been much speculation on whether New Delhi might join President Barack Obama’s renewed war on terror in the Middle East, this time focused on the Islamic State (IS).
All those looking for the “Obama-twists-Modi’s-arms” narrative — a long tradition in Indian media coverage of relations with America — have focused on what the prime minister might say on the latest turn of events in the Middle East and India’s approach to the international coalition that Obama is trying to put together against the IS.
Modi did not give away much. In his address to the United Nations General Assembly and the talk at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York, Modi condemned terrorism as a great challenge for humanity as a whole and insisted that it can be defeated only through collective action. In a vision statement issued after their dinner meeting at the White House on Monday, Modi and Obama declared “together, we will combat terrorist threats and keep our homelands and citizens safe from attacks”. Delightfully vague again; for clarity, sometimes, is the enemy of sensible diplomacy.
Contrary to the “pressure theory”, there was no expectation in official Washington that India will become a major element of the international coalition against the IS. Even limited support from India, diplomatic and rhetorical, would be welcome in Washington. Realists in both countries know that the success or failure of the campaign against the IS will depend on the political dynamic in the Middle East and on the shifting equations between Washington and different regional players in the region, especially Iran, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Turkey.
Double Standards
In his public remarks, Modi touched on India’s traditional concerns about international double standards on terrorism. He pointed to the fact that only when a country is directly affected by terrorism is it prepared to appreciate the kind of challenge that violent extremism poses.
Modi’s reference to shifting American attitudes towards terrorism is equally applicable to India. Delhi used to dismiss Western concerns on terrorism in the Middle East during the 1970s. India’s line then was pretty simple: solve the dispute between Israel and Arabs and terrorism would simply disappear. Much like those in Pakistan who say terrorism will cease if India allows “self-determination” in Jammu and Kashmir. It was only when India’s own house was on fire, starting from the 1980s, that Delhi started getting more serious about international terrorism. But even today, India is not as vocal about terrorism in the Middle East and the support for it from some of Delhi’s friends in the region. Official India tends to talk largely about Pakistan and its support of cross-border terrorism.
There are some in Delhi’s foreign policy establishment who say that the policies of the continued…

Top ten reasons for inflationdeclineThe RBI is ‘comfortable’ with reaching the inflation target of 8 per cent in December, but less sanguine about reaching the 6 per cent target by January 2016.
Written by Surjit S Bhalla | Posted: October 1, 2014 12:25 am
There are at least 10 reasons why it is likely that the RBI will be forced to cut repo rates well before the market expects. Most market participants do not believe that the RBI will cut rates at all until late 2015. In this article, I present evidence (yet again!) that the Indian economy can absorb (needs) rate cuts without any danger of generating inflation. Hence, either I will be gloriously wrong or several market experts (including the IMF) will be. The RBI, a major actor in this duel, has decided to plead the fifth (I have a right to remain silent in order to prevent self-incrimination). In the monetary policy statement released yesterday, the RBI concludes: “Future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank’s projections of inflation relative to the medium-term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data.” In other words, the RBI cannot make a mistake because it will cut rates when it will cut rates.
The top 10 reasons, in increasing order of importance, of why one should expect the RBI’s 6 per cent target for January 2016 to be reached:
C R Sasikumar
Ten, the MGNREGA. This rural employment programme is inflationary because its operation pushes wages up beyond productivity growth. I have never been a believer in this way out-of-the-box reasoning for the simple reason that even at the best of times, the MGNREGA never provided wages for more than 1 per cent of rural workdays. But believers please note: the Rs 33,000 crore of expenditures budgeted for 2014-15 is worth half (in real terms) of the Rs 40,000 crore level of expenditures in 2009-10.
Nine, rainfall. Around June, we were talking of a drought situation with its attendant effects on food inflation. Again, precious little evidence exists that droughts have any impact on inflation, or that food surplus causes disinflation. The two years 2012 and 2013 were in the top third of rainfall for India since 1871 — and they were among the two best years of agricultural production, and the two worst years for food inflation. So much for that idea, sirji.
Eight, expectations. Thankfully, the September monetary policy statement does not mention the phrase “inflation expectations” even once. If there is a departure from the RBI statements for the last six years, it is this. I guess the RBI must have concluded that its inflation expectations survey is worse than junk. This is significant progress.
Seven, world growth. Unlike six months ago, world GDP is on the brink of a recession continued…

Protesters demand talks but Hong Kong says wontbowProtesters weather the storm on Hong Kong’s streets Tuesday. Source: Reuters
AP | Hong Kong | Posted: October 1, 2014 12:25 am
Pro-democracy protesters demanded that Hong Kong’s top leader meet with them on Tuesday and threatened wider actions if he did not, after he said China would not budge in its decision to limit voting reforms in the Asian financial hub.
Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying’s rejection of the student demands dashed hopes for a quick resolution of the five-day standoff that has blocked city streets, forcing some schools and offices to close.
It drew a defiant response from the students.
Alex Chow, secretary general of Hong Kong Federation of Students and organizer of the university class boycotts that led to the street protests, said the students were considering various options, including widening the protests, pushing for a labour strike and possibly occupying a government building.
Leung’s blunt rejection of the demands from the students, who are pushing for him to step down, comes as no surprise. The Chinese Communist leadership is wary of conciliatory moves that might embolden dissidents and separatists on the mainland.
Hong Kong police continued a light-handed approach to the protests, having shifted tactics Monday after their use of tear gas and pepper spray over the weekend failed to drive out tens of thousands of people occupying streets near the government headquarters. The sit-ins instead spread to the financial district and other areas.
“We are not afraid of riot police, we are not afraid of tear gas, we are not afraid of pepper spray. We will not leave until Leung Chun-ying resigns. We will not give up, we will persevere until the end,” Lester Shum, another student leader, shouted to a swelling crowd at Admiralty, near Hong Kong’s waterfront.
The protesters want a reversal of a decision by China in August that a pro-Beijing panel will screen all candidates in the territory’s first direct elections, in 2017 — a move they view as reneging on a promise that the chief executive will be chosen through “universal suffrage”.
Academics get death threats
Some academics, including Joseph Cheng (pictured), at the forefront of Hong Kong’s fight for democracy say they have got death threats or other intimidation. Cheng, a political science professor at City of Hong Kong University, said his computer was hacked, his access to databases and relationships with mainland academics has deteriorated and he has struggled to obtain research funding. Pro-Beijing groups had stormed his lectures, urged the city’s anti-graft agency to investigate him and harassed him outside his home, he said, adding that his wife had also been followed. None of the academics in Hong Kong has lost their jobs, suggesting that academic freedom, in its strictest sense, remains intact.
Pro-Beijing groups had stormed his lectures, urged the city’s anti-graft agency to investigate him and harassed him outside his home, he said, adding that his wife had also been followed. None of the academics in Hong Kong has lost their jobs, suggesting that academic freedom, continued…

Kalamkari sarees on linen  a historic breakthrough  say weaversPEDANA (KRISHNA DISTRICT), October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 00:54 IST
Kalamkari sarees on linen, a historic breakthrough, say weavers
T. Appala Naidu
THE HINDU Artisans display Linen-Kalamkari saree at Pedana in Krishna district.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
‘The shift of Kalamkari in printing arena, from pure cotton to linen fabric, will help the art to reach customers beyond the borders’. Recognised by the Global Organic Textiles Standards and Skal International, inspection agencies for organic food products abroad, the SAC has been credited in introduction of organic cotton fabric in Kalamkari industry.
Artisans of Syamala Arts and Crafts (SAC) came up with linen-Kalamkari sarees following their breakthrough experiment done on linen fabric a month ago, scripting a historic achievement in the art form.
The colours used for the two sarees in Paisley and floral designs were extracted from pomegranate, myrabalam flower (halda flower) and indigo. The same colours have also been used for production of eight linen fabric bed sheets.
All these products were a mix of colours those were extracted from different natural materials. In August, Jayashree Textiles (JST) of Aditya Birla Nuvo Limited, Kolkata, in collaboration with Weavers’ Service Centre (WSC), Vijayawada, has tied up with Pedana-based SAC for promotion of Kalamkari on linen fabric. The two sarees are meant to supply to the JST while bed sheets would be kept in WSC.
“The revolutionary shift of Kalamkari in printing arena, from pure cotton to linen fabric, will help the art to reach customers beyond the borders,” opined SAC artisans Pitchuka Srinivas and P.B.L. Nagendra Rao. “The designs with natural colours on linen fabric have greatly enhanced the beauty of sarees and made them appealing to the spectators. The shining feature of the linen has brought additional beauty for the designs,” said Mr. Nagendra Rao.
“Two key stages of our experiment on linen fabric proved viable for starting production of Kalamkari on linen. Measures are also being taken up for weaving of linen fabric in Pedana town soon,” Mr. Srinivas told The Hindu.
Recognised by the Global Organic Textiles Standards and Skal International, inspection agencies for organic food products abroad, the SAC has been credited in introduction of organic cotton fabric in Kalamkari industry.

Toyota Recalls 690 000 Pickups in USYou are here: Home Corporates
Toyota Recalls 690,000 Pickups in US Over Fire Risk
Agence France Presse | Updated On: September 30, 2014 08:27 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Washington: Toyota today said it was recalling about 690,000 Tacoma pickup trucks in the United States to fix a suspension system flaw that could result in vehicle fires.
The safety recall covers model years 2005-2011 Tacoma 4x4 and Tacoma PreRunner pickup trucks, the US unit of Toyota Motor Corporation said.
The trucks' rear suspension system contains springs that could fracture due to stress and corrosion, it warned.
If the broken spring moves out of position and contacts the fuel tank repeatedly, it could puncture the tank, causing a fuel leak that increases the risk of a vehicle fire.
Toyota, the world's largest automaker, said it was not aware of any fires, crashes, injuries or fatalities associated with the condition.
A Toyota spokeswoman told AFP that the company also was recalling about 100,000 of the Tacoma trucks outside the US.
US-traded shares in Toyota were down 0.6 percent at $117.95 in early-afternoon trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
It was the third safety recall issued by Toyota USA this month, bringing the total to 840,000 vehicles.
On September 18, the Japanese automaker recalled 20,000 cars due to bad welding on a fuel delivery pipe in the engine compartment that could cause a fuel leak and subsequent fire.
That recall affected 2015 model year Lexus RX, the company's luxury brand, and four 2014 model year brands: Avalon, Camry, Highlander and Sienna.
Toyota had said it knew of no fires, crashes, injuries or fatalities linked to the problem.
A September 11 recall affected 130,000 of 2014 model year Tundra pickup trucks to fix a structure that could interfere with side air-bag deployment in the case of a crash. No crashes, injuries or deaths were reported.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 08:25 (IST)

2 Children s Sweatshirts Recalled for Choking RiskAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Racist blackface comedy is making a comeback ... on YouTubeComments
By Aja Romano, The Daily Dot September 30
A Google screenshot the embattled YouTube star Shane Dawson posted to his Facebook page earlier this year. (Google via Facebook)
YouTube prankster Sam Pepper has spent the past week embroiled in controversy. He has been accused of sexually assaulting multiple members of his fan base, not to mention crossing similar lines in a so-called prank video.
The YouTube community responded with swift condemnation of Pepper, who sparked the controversy just as he was making the leap from YouTube to film. He was dropped from his network, and VidCon founder Hank Green made a Tumblr post stating that Pepper was “not welcome at VidCon.”
But to Franchesca Ramsey and other bloggers, a piece of the conversation was missing. While the mostly white community of YouTube vloggers rushed to distance themselves from acts of sexist comedy like the kind Pepper claimed to be engaged in, there seems to be no similar standard of condemnation for comparable acts of racist comedy on the platform.
On Wednesday, the blogging community spoke out against one YouTuber specifically who had repeatedly engaged in examples of what it felt was racist humor: popular YouTuber Shane Dawson . Dawson came under fire in 2012 after an uncomfortable VidCon segment in which he invited teenage girls onstage and encouraged them to engage in what he called “ghetto pranks,” which included jokes about chicken and booty dances.
Before and since then, Dawson has used blackface for various YouTube skits. Witness this tweet from 2009:
ive done black face for randy jackson a while back but this somehow feels like it could be more offensive LOL maybe caramel face??
— Shane Dawson (@shanedawson) July 21, 2009
Black Tumblr and YouTube members wanted to point out that Dawson had yet to suffer any real repercussions for his incidents of blackface. The posts made about Dawson came as a wake-up call, if not a total surprise, to many fans and prompted a huge cross-community discussion about what blackface actually is, and why it is culturally appropriative and harmful. “Caricatures of black people were literally CREATED by white people to justify our mistreatment and oppression,” Ramsey wrote on her blog .
We were portrayed as stupid, aggressive and over sexualized to influence how people perceived all black people. White people weren’t doing blackface and portraying teachers, doctors and lawyers ya’ll. If you’ve never met a black person or don’t regularly interact with black people and the MAJORITY of representations of black people you’ve ever been exposed to are negative . . . you’re going to believe it’s true.
Ramsey called out the community’s apathy over Dawson’s actions, as well as Dawson’s obliviousness to why they were wrong:
Sam was banned from Vidcon over ONE video. Shane has done his modern day minstrel show act AT VIDCON and faced no repercussions. It’d be nice if he’d acknowledge why these thing are problematic, apologize to his audience and stop doing them.
On Friday, Dawson removed most of the controversial videos and apologized , but not before he mocked bloggers on Twitter and minimized the criticism he was hearing. Ramsey also felt Dawson had encouraged his fans to be combative with her and other bloggers.
Dawson seems to have moved on, tweeting about the success of his new prank film, “Not Cool.” But Ramsey has been continually embroiled in arguments with fans who are angry at her and others about what they view as attacks on Dawson. On Friday, Ramsey uploaded a video in which she discusses the harassment she received and attempts to educate fans on why Dawson and others need to be called out for using blackface as an element of their comedy:
Today, Ramsey tweeted that she had been subject to death threats and racial slurs, along with a threat to have her fired.
when jokes about marginalized ppl contribute to them being killed and mistreated, you can’t tell them to “have thicker skin” @KingAllec
— Franchesca Ramsey (@chescaleigh) September 29, 2014
i need to “get a thicker skin” meanwhile trolls out here attacking my friends, family & contacting my agent bc i talk about racism. ok.
— Franchesca Ramsey (@chescaleigh) September 29, 2014
someone messaged me to say they were contacting my job so i’d be fired…but i need to get a thicker skin about racist jokes?
— Franchesca Ramsey (@chescaleigh) September 29, 2014
people in my mentions and inbox ALL WEEK threatening me, but these fools want to lecture me on how i should talk about racism?
— Franchesca Ramsey (@chescaleigh) September 29, 2014
i swear, you’d think being called racist was WORSE than actually…i dunno…EXPERIENCING RACISM!?
— Franchesca Ramsey (@chescaleigh) September 29, 2014
Meanwhile, black bloggers and vloggers are still debating the ethics of Dawson’s comedy, as well as breaking down Dawson’s apology. YouTuber Tay Zonday argued that because the overall point of Dawson’s performance art is to be socially disruptive and “ugly,” his use of blackface shouldn’t overshadow his other messages. But others insist that rather than attempting to challenge racial societal norms, Dawson has spent years willfully ignoring the voices of black critics whose lives are directly affected by racist comedy.
“The point is you made no effort to learn what you were doing, learn why it was harmful and amend it a long time ago,” YouTuber Lee Williams said. Although Dawson said in his apology video that he wanted to use this incident as a “learning experience,” Williams pointed out that Ramsey had been calling out Dawson’s use of blackface for “years” before this month’s events, to no avail. It wasn’t until Pepper’s career was “demolished” over the backlash, as Williams noted, that Dawson was ready to pay attention.
There appear to be no plans to drop Dawson from his agency, United Talent. VidCon declined to comment to the Daily Dot on whether Dawson would be invited to appear at future conventions.
This article originally appeared on The Daily Dot . More from The Daily Dot you might like:

Aja Romano and The Daily DotA study of more than 18,000 patients shows those who took the drug experienced fewer heart attacks.
Nov 17, 2014
Researchers have presented evidence that a non-statin drug can work as well or better than a statin at lowering cholesterol.
Nov 17, 2014
Budget cuts and the unpredictable nature of the virus has led to partnerships with the tech industry.
Nov 16, 2014
A team of researchers armed 94 children ages 9 to 18 with activity monitors to track how their sleep habits changed during a two-year-period.
Nov 7, 2014
Researchers measured levels of a common pollutant called PAHs in mothers and children.
Nov 7, 2014
Scientists said results are promising enough to move to clinical trials in humans within a few years.
Nov 7, 2014
Although drug-resistant bugs are responsible for 23,000 U.S. deaths a year, there is hope on the horizon.
Nov 6, 2014
Once thought of as a disease for the old, colon cancer on the rise in young adults.
Nov 6, 2014
New research finds that grass pollen could more than double over the next 100 years.
Nov 5, 2014
The advice from new guidelines issued this week is simple: drink more water.
Nov 5, 2014
Load More
About
Ariana Eunjung Cha is a national reporter for the Post. She has previously served as the newspaper’s bureau chief in Beijing, Shanghai and San Francisco, a correspondent in Baghdad and as a tech reporter based in Washington. Before becoming a journalist, Ariana worked as a programmer analyst on Wall Street. She has a degree in computer science from Columbia University.
Most Read

Wall Street flat as energy  materials offset tech gainsWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Rainbow loom creator hopes to weave more successRainbow loom creator hopes to weave more success
Rainbow loom creator hopes to weave more success
The creator of the Rainbow Loom is an unlikely success story in the toy industry. A one-time automotive crash-test engineer, Cheong Choon Ng happened upon the product that started a worldwide craze almost by accident.
The creator of the Rainbow Loom is an unlikely success story in the toy industry. A one-time automotive crash-test engineer, Cheong Choon Ng happened upon the product that started a worldwide craze almost by accident.

http://usat.ly/1vuG6w1FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session
U.S. stocks are in roller coaster mode Tuesday after Hong Kong's Hang Seng index took a tumble for a second day as protesters blocked streets in the city's business district.
Post to Facebook
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session U.S. stocks are in roller coaster mode Tuesday after Hong Kong's Hang Seng index took a tumble for a second day as protesters blocked streets in the city's business district. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vsZzhR
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:49 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
A specialist works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
46 CONNECT 137 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard and Poor's 500 stock index took modest losses, both for the day and the month, sealing September's reputation as a rotten month for stocks.
The Dow closed down 28.29 points, or 0.17%, and the S&P 500 closed down 5.49 points, or 0.28%. The Nasdaq composite shed 0.28%. For the month, the S&P 500 finished down about 1%.
The indexes started the trading day higher before nosing into the red, then climbing back into positive territory . . . only to waver again. News that home prices rose at their slowest pace since 2012 and that consumer confidence fell sharply also gave investors something to consider on the domestic front.
So, how will the Hong Kong drama pan out? Rod Smyth of Riverfront Investment Group says investors should keep in mind three scenarios: the protests peter out, a Tiananmen Square-like confrontation or continued protests amid a Chinese crackdown on Hong Kong's relative freedoms.
The last possibility is, thankfully, a long shot, Smyth said.
Hong Kong unrest may shake world economy
"Come on, let's be realistic, are they really going to jeopardize 100 years of trading (with Hong Kong)?" Smyth asks of China. "Probably not."
Said Quincy Krosby of Prudential Financial: "What the market does not want to see is this spreading to other Asian countries. The fear is this morphs into the Asian version of the 'Arab Spring,' and  creates great uncertainty."
Look for the symbiotic relationship between China and Hong Kong's business interests to prevail and quiet the protests, said Sung Won Sohn, an economics and finance professor at California State University.
"China remains in firm control," Sohn said. "Businesses don't want to antagonize the Chinese government. I don't think it will be a big problem."
A heavy-handed response is "extremely unlikely," said Edmund Harris, a portfolio manager of several Asia-focused funds at Guinness Atkinson. Short of that, the impact on companies -- those in China, elsewhere in Asia or in the U.S. -- will be minimal, he said.
But a Chinese crackdown "would signal the end of the one country-two systems concept agreed at the handover in 1997" -- and greatly chill investment in China, he said.
Lu Yu, manager of the Allianz GI Emerging Markets Opportunity Fund, agreed that a harsh responseto the protests would not be in the best interest of China's economy or investors.
"As long as the Chinese government doesn't do a stupid thing like Tiananmen Square in 1989 this will be a non-issue for China," she said.
ASK MATT: Time to sell as Hong kong erupts?
Another market pro doesn't think the Hong Kong protests will have a lasting impact.
"We don't think this protest will lead to any political changes in Hong Kong," said Lu Yu, an emerging markets portfolio manager at San Diego-based Allianz Global Investors.
"Today's Hong Kong is not yesterday's Hong Kong," she said. "Their economy relies so much on mainland China."
She added, "Once students and people go back to work next week, I expect the protest to cool down. I actually think we should use this selloff to buy good alpha Chinese names."
The Hang Sang declined 1.4% after shedding around 2% on Monday. Protest leaders set a Wednesday deadline for a response from the government to their demands for democratic reforms.
On Monday, the Dow lost 0.2%, Standard & Poor's 500 index ended down 0.3% and Nasdaq composite slipped 0.1%. Earlier in that trading session markets fell sharply before recovering slightly.
The street protests caught Wall Street by surprise, causing uncertainty to spike and continuing the U.S. stock market's recent run of sharp up-and-down price movements. The Hong Kong markets are closed for the next two days because of holidays.

AAPs Menon  Damania resign from partypostsPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 1, 2014 1:10 am
The Mumbai unit of the Aam Aadmi Party suffered a major blow Tuesday after two of the party’s most prominent faces tendered resignations from their party positions. State convener Anjali Damania, who contested the Lok Sabha election unsuccessfully against Nitin Gadkari in Nagpur, and state secretary Preeti Sharma Menon resigned citing personal reasons.
Both had resigned in June and had spoken of their unhappiness with developments in the party in the aftermath of the LS polls. Soon after, they withdrew their resignations. Though AAP is not contesting the Maharashtra Assembly polls, the resignations of Damania and Menon from their leadership positions in the state executive committee indicate a churn within the party that is at present supposed to be focusing on party-building.

Border stand-off: India and China hold farewell flagmeetingPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 1:04 am
Indian and Chinese troops held a flag meeting at Spanggur gap on Tuesday, the day Chinese troops were supposed to withdraw their positions along the Line of Actual Control.
The meeting is said to have started at about 1.30 pm and have continued for about “two-three hours”.
Meanwhile, sources said that a few Chinese troops were still present at Chumar on Tuesday.
A Defence Ministry official, however, said that the “withdrawal is more or less complete”, that the troops left behind were “small in number” and that he had “no doubt that the remaining troops will also withdraw”.
The Chumar stand-off which began on September 10 concluded on September 26 after External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj met her Chinese counterpart in New York. As per the plan chalked out in the subsequent flag meeting along the LAC, the troops were supposed to withdraw to their “pre-September 10 positions” by Tuesday.
Sources said that Demchok — another area where the Chinese civilians had pitched tents — too had a few Chinese troops during the stand-off. “But the Chinese troops from Demchok have withdrawn completely,” said an official.
“Normally, flag meetings are not required to be held on such days when both the sides are withdrawing. They are a mechanism to break the deadlock and not the means to ensure that both sides are withdrawing,” said a source.
The sources added that the Chinese side had raised concerns regarding a post constructed by the Indian side, a concern that stayed even till the day of their withdrawal.

Taskforces set up as per FSLRCproposalsPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 1:03 am
Taking forward long pending reforms of financial sector regulators, the finance ministry has now set up taskforces on four new agencies including a Public Debt Management Authority, a unified Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal, a Resolution Corporation as well as a Financial Data Management Centre.
The move follows the recommendations of the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission that had called for a non-sectoral, principle-based, legislative architecture for the financial sector by restructuring existing regulatory agencies and creating new agencies for better governance and accountability.
“As recommended by the FSLRC, the government has set-up taskforces to lay the roadmap for the upgradation of existing agencies and establishment of new agencies,” said a finance ministry release on Tuesday. Each of the panels have been given a one year period to finalise their reports that would include international best practices, an administrative plan on the required physical infrastructure, a transition plans as well as a cost-benefit analysis.
The taskforce on the PDMA, which will help the government raise debt and support cash management function will be headed by former PFRDA regulator Dhirendra Swarup. Meanwhile, Justice NK Sodhi, former Chief Justice of high courts of Kerala and Karnataka and a former presiding officer of the Securities Appellate Tribunal will chair the taskforce on setting up the Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal.
The FSAT is envisioned as an appellate court for all financial sector matters with a well designed registry and international best practices in court management.
Former RBI deputy governor Subir Gokarn will head the taskforce on Financial Data Management Centre that is proposed to be a depository of all financial sector data.
Former Sebi chairman M Damodaran has been appointed as the chairman of the committee on the Resolution Corporation that would resolve financial firms before they reach the stage of insolvency.
The finance ministry and financial sector regulators had decided to move ahead with recommendations of the FSLRC in October 2013 at a meeting of the Financial Stability and Development Council.

Starwood to relocate global HQ to India for amonthPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 1:00 am
In a reflection of rising business confidence in India, US-based Starwood Hotels & Resorts that operates brands such as The Luxury Collection, LeMeridian and Sheraton among others, announced to relocate its global headquarter to India for a one-month period in March 2015.
The NYSE-listed company with a market cap of around $15.89 billion said that the CEO and senior leadership will conduct the day-to-day business out of India for the month. 15-20 top officials are expected to be based out of India while another 80-100 will move in and out of India.
“This is a particularly exciting time for us to relocate to India … Our extended time there will allow us to immerse ourselves and appreciate new approaches to the business of hospitality,” said Starwood CEO Frits Van Paasschen. In a similar exercise, earlier in 2011 and 2013 Starwood had relocated its headquarters to China and Dubai, respectively.

Chavan accuses NCP of a secret alliance withBJPPrint
Express News Service | Washington | Posted: October 1, 2014 12:59 am
Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan launched an attack on the Nationalist Congress Party accusing them of having made a hidden alliance with the BJP to bring in President’s Rule in the state before polls. He was speaking at the inauguration of the Congress poll campaign in the state at pilgrim centre Tuljapur.
Chavan said the alliance was broken by the NCP because of the “greed for chief minister’s post and personal aspirations of leaders”.
“But now I have decided to see our strength as a party and I know that the people will be on our side. Let them know how strong we are. It is only the Congress who can give Maharashtra a stable and corruption-free government,” he said.
Former CM and MP Ashok Chavan said, “Congress workers were fed up of the pressure tactics of the NCP. Now that the alliance is broken, workers can perform in a pressure-free environment.”

Tonights Thurber Prize: New Yorker cartoonist LIZA DONNELLY strikes apt chords with Women on Men [Q+A]By Michael Cavna September 30 Follow @comicriffs
 
LIZA DONNELLY, the ever-talented New Yorker cartoonist of several decades, is a finalist for the Thurber Prize for American Humor , for her latest insightful collection of cartoons, “Women on Men.”
It is not only fitting that Donnelly be up for the award — named for the humorist who own works appeared in the New Yorker — but also high time: No woman has won the Thurber Prize in its 14-year history.
Comic Riffs caught up with Donnelly to talk about skewering dating and relationships; satirizing gender politics; and the art of capturing these truths a single panel at a time:
MICHAEL CAVNA: Congratulations on being a Thurber finalist, Liza. So, what’s your strategy for bumping aside David Letterman’s candidacy? “Women on Men” (Narrative Library) is so good, you actually might override the “sympathy vote” that piggybacks Letterman’s big late-night retirement in a few months.
LIZA DONNELLY: Thanks, Michael! I am a huge Letterman fan, and have been since the very first night he was on late night TV. I love his brand of humor, and thought even better of him after he had New Yorker cartoonist, and friend of mine, Jack Ziegler on his show. How many late-night TV shows have cartoonists as guests? So, while I’d do anything to win this thing, I will be happy if Letterman gets it. As they say in Hollywood, it’s an honor to be nominated…particularly with David Letterman.
MC: Speaking of awards, this has been quite a wonderful run in recent weeks for some top established women cartoonists, yourself included. Roz (Chast) being long-listed for the National Book Award, of course, and Alison Bechdel being awarded a MacArthur “genius grant.” I’ve heard some younger cartoonists like Susie Cagle — who just won an ONA award herself — speak to a certain dichotomy: It’s a shame we’re not further along that so many of these awards for women are historic “firsts” – yet it’s so great to see superlative cartoonists who happen to be women be so honored. Could you speak some to your reaction to these recent honors for pioneers like you, Roz and Alison?
LD: One of the problems with editorial art is that until recently, not many women have been choosing it as a career. Of course, there have been exceptions historically. There are a number of reasons for this — there is no simple answer. But it has to do with societal norms: a tendency for women not to want to put their opinions forth in a powerful way [the same is true in editorial opinion columns], in part because women are “raised” to not do so by society — it is not “ladylike.” This is now changing.
Secondly, the norm for what is considered excellence in this art form is changing and that opens the doors for other ways to express ideas. Roz Chast, Alison Bechdel are innovators, and their work is now considered to be great, and it is! Their work also speaks to politics of daily life, the politics of being a woman, and this is recognized as a new and valid area of exploration. Years ago, it would not have been considered “important.” I think it’s wonderful that women are being recognized, and I am honored to be among them in these recent years.
[FROM KIRKUS TO THE MACARTHUR: It's been a "banner" year for women graphic novelists, editorial artists ]
MC: Your talk at the National Book Festival last month was very well-received, eliciting loud rounds of true, knowing laughter – not always an easy feat when showing (and reading aloud) gag panels to a big room [he said, speaking from painful experience]. In fact, I thought one of the best dynamics I saw in the room was that women of all [adult] generations were identifying with your work, laughing heartily — in some cases, even nudging boyfriends or husbands who seemed slower on the recognition uptake. Could you talk about two things related to that:
(a) The careful art of talking about, and showing, your work to sizable audiences; and (b) Do you find that your work transcends generations, if not also gender?
LD: (a) It was a great audience — it’s wonderful to hear your observations. I actually constructed the speech to not just be about women, but wanted to appeal to everyone, so I’m glad it did. It is tricky to write a speech for a large audience using cartoons–you have to make you points simple and make sure the cartoons can be read quickly. I have been doing more multi-paneled cartoons lately, and they do not work well in this type of setting. The quick punch of a single-panel cartoon works very well. I also try to choose cartoons of mine that “illustrate” what I am saying, I don’t just stand there and talk about the cartoon. Rather I have an underlying idea I want to get across and the cartoon is like an accent. I am doing more and more of these kinds of talks around the country to many different types of groups.
(b) I always love when people come to thank me after a talk, particularly young women because I really want to appeal to all generations (and all genders). When I wrote my book “When Do They Serve The Wine?,” I was teaching women’s studies and humor studies at Vassar College , I used my and others’ cartoons to make points, and realized how important it is for women of different generations to seriously talk to one another. Each generation makes the same mistakes and we can stop that if we just share our experiences. What better way than with humor?
MC: In “Women on Men,” you write in one of your sectional chapter breaks that only relatively recently has it been socially acceptable for women to share certain body-related humor in [polite?] mixed company. You write: “So now men are learning how to laugh at our vagina jokes. Just as for generations we have patiently laughed at their penis jokes. Our turn.” Could you talk about this longtime double standard for humor in social settings, as you have experienced it? When did you really notice true waves of change — and have professional women humorists helped bring about that change?
LD: I only realized this later in my career, primarily because I was busy just drawing and not thinking about gender issues. But I think the barriers began to break down slowly, starting with professional comedians like Phyllis Diller and Joan Rivers, continuing with Lily Tomlin and Whoopi Goldberg. Now there are many great comics who are women, pushing all kinds of boundaries, I can’t name them all there are so many of them. What comedians do is very public and it affects humor in related fields. Historically in the past, the kind of humor that women shared only with each other stayed in that circle. Now it can be mainstream, provided it is good.
MC: Prior to your husband Michael [Maslin, himself a New Yorker cartoonist], was your dating history sometimes as painful as you depict in your work — or is that mostly comic hyperbole? And on a related note of humor: Is it fair to summarize that you are “anti-” men’s exposed Bermuda-short knees (unless actually IN Bermuda), plaid shirts and porkpies, sauerkraut and male Spanx (which I believe do exist and are called “Manx”)? Because this all makes for fantastic fodder in your book.
LD: My dating life prior to Michael was at times fun, at times very painful, just as I say in the book! I was very glad to find Michael when I did, because I had had it with dating. And as concerns clothing (and food)–its fun to make fun of people’s choices, isn’t it? Men or women–we all have our quirks, and my poking at those things is done only with affection. I, of course, never ever make any stupid choices.
MC: I’ve gotta ask: Does Michael approve, or consent to, all material contained therein? As a cartoonist himself, he has to appreciate fair play and turnabout, etc., right? — even if you’ve outed him as rapidly anti-dancing.
LD: When I asked Michael this question, he said, “Approve?” And then he laughed. Everything is fair game, pretty much.
MC: And speaking of your work and Michael’s, I’m fascinated by divergent “work vs. play” approaches to cartooning. Both of you have such a sense of warmth to your work — could you talk about your process to getting there, as opposed to Michael’s?
All images courtesy of LIZA DONNELLY.
LD: Thank you! We both have similar ways of working, in that it involves a lot of playful exploration of images and words. But where we differ is that for some of my work, I look for political or social commentary to draw. My process is often more outwardly directed, his inwardly directed.
MC: Your style is masterfully loose — has it gotten any easier over the years to perfect this looseness, which can take deceptive precision?
LD: I work hard to make it loose. Now I am afraid it might be getting too loose! Sometimes I feel I am in such a rush to get my idea out there that I skimp on the drawing. Soon you will just see some scrawls with a caption underneath.
MC: Is there any advice you give to aspiring cartoonists — whether women cartoonists specifically, or all cartoonists — who ask you about starting out as visual humorists?
LD: Keep drawing and don’t worry too much about what others think. Make a lot of mistakes — that’s what will get you to the good ideas. And stick with it, because sometimes it takes a long time to build a career. But it’s worth it!
 
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

Will reel life be the role model for real lifeUpdated: September 30, 2014 00:46 IST
Will reel life be the role model for real life?
Radhika Santhanam
Special Arrangement MOVE OVER, HERO! The audience nowadays seems more willing to see stronger female characters. Above is a still from ‘Queen’ — a hugely popular film with a female protagonist played by Kangana Ranaut.
TOPICS
social issues (general)
Less nudity and more dialogues for women, substantive roles, and a larger presence of women in filmmaking can go a long way in influencing the way people think
No discussion on crimes against women, perpetuation of gender roles or rape culture seems complete without at least one person pointing an accusing finger at films, especially Bollywood. The industry is an easy punching bag, a convenient explanation to fall back on when all the other nuances of the complex question “what causes India to treat its women so abysmally?” eludes us. This is because of the extremely obvious objectification of women in the film industry. Bollywood films are replete with hypersexual images of women: “item numbers” are hugely popular, skimpily clad women on glossy magazines sell, commercial hits are often those that are well-stocked with sexist jokes and misogynist lyrics, and barring some films with strong female protagonists, the industry continues to tirelessly showcase the same female prototype in only minutely different shades.
Until now, the cause-effect relationship — or the lack thereof — between Bollywood and gender discrimination was discussed without evidence. Now a United Nations-sponsored global study on female characters in films shows that Indian films (and not just Bollywood) are responsible for “deep-seated discrimination and pervasive gender stereotyping of women and girls.” The study commissioned by the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media and supported by the Rockefeller Foundation and the U.N. shows that women are mostly absent in lead roles, are judged according to their looks, and almost never depicted as scientists and engineers. An alarming 35 per cent of female characters in Indian films are shown with some nudity and the number of women directors (9.1 per cent), producers (15.2 per cent) and scriptwriters (12.1 per cent) in the industry is very low compared to the global average. If the representation of women in films and filmmaking is discriminatory, then we must first examine why this is so.
Pandering to the masses
First, why do filmmakers make films? Is their intention to engage, entertain or educate the viewer, or attract profits, or a combination of these factors? Most Bollywood blockbusters show that Indian audiences want entertainment from films and the industry consistently panders to this need. Unfortunately, offensive lyrics and comedy seem to appeal to the viewers. This was evident when the embarrassingly vulgar “Grand Masti,” despite being torn apart by film critics, still managed to enter the prestigious “100 crore club” of Bollywood. Similarly, singer and rapper Yo Yo Honey Singh’s songs, whose lyrics caused activists to file cases against him, continue to top the charts and reverberate through the nightclubs of the country.
The results of the study are therefore unsurprising: the Indian film industry seems no different from society itself. Just as Indians protest over rapes but laugh at rape jokes, and demand punishment for crimes against women but engage in everyday sexism, the industry too condemns attacks on women while simultaneously portraying them as sexual objects.
In France and Germany, two other countries that were part of the study, this does not seem to be the case. In French films, 18.8 per cent of women were shown as working professionals while in reality, according to World Bank figures, 44.4 per cent of women in the country constitute the workforce. This is a serious discrepancy. In India, on the other hand, women constitute more than 22 per cent of the workforce according to the International Labour Organization— not much higher than the number of women shown as working professionals in films (15.6 per cent).
“There are woefully few women CEOs in the world, but there can be lots of them in films,” U.N. Women Executive Director Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka said when the study was released. “How do we encourage a lot more girls to pursue science, technology and engineering careers? By casting droves of women in STEM, politics, law and other professions today in movies.”
Why then do Indian filmmakers not make more films with stronger female characters, include more women in the process of filmmaking and depict women as intelligent thinking beings rather than sums of their body parts?
“It is hard to sell women-centric films and concepts,” actor Kangana Ranaut once said. Yet, the actor bravely played the simpleton Rani — a character who is rejected by her fiancée, but who slowly emerges to become a fiercely independent woman instead of pining away for him (as would be the expectation). “Queen” grossed over Rs.600 million in India alone, besides doing well overseas, proving that not all is bleak in the industry.
The economics of filmmaking cannot be given as an excuse for male-centric characters — the audience nowadays seems more willing to see stronger female characters. Parineeti Chopra’s portrayal of Meeta, a geeky, unusual woman scientist in “Hasee Toh Phasee,” was also an admirable attempt by the scriptwriter in fashioning an atypical female character.
That most characters are shown in some nudity is not shocking either. Walk into any theatre in any part of the country where women are gyrating on screen and you will the audience hooting, cheering, passing lewd remarks. A large number of men, and some women, often blame the actor for “inviting” the remarks through her clothes, seductive pose, dance moves and so on. If the actor is willing to strip on screen then she cannot demand both autonomy and respect off screen seems to be the prevalent sentiment. So while actors try hard to separate themselves from their roles, the line is more blurred for the audience or sections of the media. The subtext of this study is that filmmaking needs to be a more responsible exercise — less nudity and more dialogues for women, more substantive roles, and a larger presence of women in filmmaking itself can go a long way in influencing the way people think. After all, as Uma Chakravarthy pointed out, the beliefs and myths of the past that formed the basis of our understanding of women are what we perpetuate now, generation after generation. And that’s what films do too. But it’s never late to question these — slowly and steadily.
radhika.s@thehindu.co.in

RBI keeps key interest rate unchangedRajan holds interest rates, EMIs unlikely to dip soon
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 30, 2014
First Published: 11:23 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:18 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan kept lending rates unchanged on Tuesday, withstanding mounting pressure from industry leaders and belying the government’s hopes that he would lower borrowing costs to aid an incipient economic recovery.
A status quo on interest rates would imply that your monthly loan payouts (EMIs) are unlikely to fall soon despite recent moderation in inflation rates.
Ahead of the festival season, high loan rates could influence people’s decision to buy houses, cars and other consumer goods mostly bought through loans.
Rajan retained the repo rate—the rate at which banks borrow from RBI — at 8%, and kept the cash reserve ratio (CRR) — the proportion of deposits that banks have to park with the central bank—at 4%.
Budding revival signs in the broader economy and falling inflation rates had rekindled hopes that the bank would lower loan rates. RBI has forecast India’s GDP to grow by 5.5% in 2014-15, and by 6.3% the year later, endorsing a growing body of expert opinion that the Indian economy is climbing out of its deepest slump in 25 years.
Watch: RBi interest rates unchanged, growth projection at 5.5
Industry leaders have been clamouring for cheaper loans. The government has also expressed hope that the central bank would signal a reversal of its prolonged hawkish stance that is seen as affecting growth.
Rajan, however, made it clear that the RBI would not compromise on its commitment on price control till it is convinced that inflation is fully tamed.
“With international crude prices softening and relative stability in the foreign exchange market, some upside risks to inflation are receding. Yet, there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon’s passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly,” Rajan said.
While higher crude oil prices will have a knock on effect on inflation, it also can weaken the rupee as demand for dollars go up to meet import payments.
Retail inflation eased in August to 7.8% year-on-year from 7.96% the previous month, latest price data showed, although that is still above the central bank’s target of 6% by 2016.
The RBI governor said that the key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity — in new as well as stalled projects — supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and lower overall inflation.
“The recent cautious optimism that is building in the economy on the back of improved business sentiment needs to be placed on solid foundations through a step-up in investment,” Rajan said.
Financial services secretary G S Sandhu today said “RBI fully understands needs and expectation of markets, so they will take a view (on cutting policy rates) when the time is right”.
Business leaders did not hide their disappointment. “Hopefully, the RBI would turn more accommodative in the near future,” Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) director general Chandrajit Banerjee said.

Maruti Suzuki recalls 69 555 old Swift  Dzire  Ritz carsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Karnataka high court to hear Jayalalithaa s case tomorrowHigh court to hear Jaya’s bail plea today
Sudipto Mondal , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 30, 2014
First Published: 09:51 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:03 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
The Karnataka high court has agreed to hear former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa's appeal against her conviction on a priority basis. The matter will be heard on Wednesday by a specially constituted vacation bench.
The significant turn of events came hours after a vacation bench on Tueaday morning adjourned the matter to October 6. The adjournment order was issued after the Karnataka government failed to appoint a public prosecutor to contest the challenge mounted by Jayalalithaa's legal team.
Her lawyers immediately approached the high court registrar and the chief justice seeking urgent hearing of the matter.
They submitted that the matter should be treated as an exception as the continued incarceration of Jayalalithaa was causing law and order problems in Tamil Nadu.
 
They also argued that the AIADMK leader's health was unstable. Contesting the need for a public prosecutor to file objections, her lawyers cited sections of the CrPC and said that when the sentence is less than 10 years the judge of a higher court can adjudicate the appeal on merits without seeking the view of the prosecutor.
Jaya refuses to meet Panneerselvam
Former Tamil Nadu CM Jayalalithaa on Wednesday refused to meet O Panneerselvam, the man she has entrusted with the job of holding the CM's chair until she gets the relief she's hoping for from the court.
Panneerselvam was camping in the city since Monday evening for a chance to meet his jailed leader and seek her blessings. He landed in the city shortly after he was administered the oath of office by the Tamil Nadu governor.
He returned disappointed after jail authorities told him that Jayalalithaa had refused to meet him. Jail sources told HT that her cell is far from the visitor's area and she was not in a physical state to walk the distance.

Modi-baiter IAS officer Pradeep Sharma arrestedSnoopgate fame IAS officer arrested over corruption
Mahesh Langa , Hindustan Times  Ahmedabad, September 30, 2014
First Published: 13:54 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:02 IST(1/10/2014)
Gujarat police arrested suspended bureaucrat Pradeep Sharma – who accused the erstwhile state government with Narendra Modi as the chief minister of snooping on a female architect –over corruption charges on Tuesday.
Suspended IAS officer Pradeep Sharma has been arrested by Gujarat police in a graft case. (AFP Photo)
Sharma’s arrest came a day after the Enforcement Directorate (ED) attached his properties in Gandhinagar.
The suspended IAS officer’s name also figured in the so-called snoopgate tapes released in the run-up to the Lok Sabha polls by two private portals, which had conversations between Amit Shah, the state home minister at the time, and IPS officer GL Singhal regarding surveillance on a woman in Ahmedabad.
The portals said Shah was heard asking Singhal to track movements of the architect, her family members and also Pradeep Sharma, who was the municipal commissioner of Bhavnagar.
Sharma even, unsuccessfully, appealed to the Supreme Court to order that an FIR be registered against Narendra Modi, who was the Gujarat chief minister at the time, and Amit Shah, in connection with the case.
Sharma is accused of causing a loss of Rs. 1.2 crore to the state exchequer by allotting government land to a Kutch-based industrial unit, Welspun, at throwaway prices during his tenure as the area collector in 2003-04.
The ED seized a piece of land in Dehgam village near Gandhinagar and a portion of Sharma’s bungalow in the state capital under prevention of money laundering act. The agency is now probing whether Sharma’s US-based wife received any undue favours from Welspun as quid pro quo.
Sharma, 59, was suspended by the government in 2010 after he was arrested on corruption charges, but was later granted bail. Last month, the Supreme Court rejected his plea seeking a CBI probe in five cases filed against him by the Gujarat government.

Walking  running and flying kites for a cleanerIndiaPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch on October 2 the abhiyan that would involve all citizens — from government functionaries and officials to school and college students. Source: Express
Express News Service Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 1:41 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 1:44 am
The Centre has asked state governments to organise walkathons and marathons, painting competitions and kite-flying events to create awareness on Swachchha Bharat Abhiyan, the nationwide sanitation drive.
“State and urban local bodies should organise focused programmes like street plays, local ward level awareness programmes, media campaigns, art/literacy competitions, etc to educate people about the importance of sanitation and the indirect cost to the public from neglecting sanitation in the form of ill health, loss of work and cost towards medical treatment,” the Ministry of Urban Development has said in exhaustive guidelines issued to all central ministries and state departments.
Urban local bodies have also been directed to submit a report to the Ministry of Urban Development by October end on the events organised as part of Swachchha Bharat Abhiyan as well as the outcome of the campaign.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch on October 2 the abhiyan that would involve all citizens — from government functionaries and officials to school and college students. Government offices will be open on October 2 in the forenoon when all employees are expected to take the “Swachhata Shapath” that envisions all citizens allocating 100 hours a year or two hours a week to sanitation efforts.
“Mahatma Gandhi dreamt of an India which was not only free but also clean and developed,” notes the oath. Government employees are expected to report to duty by 9 am on the day and take the pledge that states, “I will neither litter nor let others litter,” as well as promise that they will make at least a 100 other people take the oath to keep the country clean.
Advising states and districts to set up organising and steering committees for the campaign that will be headed by the chief secretary at the state level, and mayor or district magistrate at the district level, the guidelines have also suggested activities such as “dedication of public toilets at important places for public” by chief ministers or central ministers, organising “prabhat pheris” in residential areas as well as cleaning of statues of national leaders.
Ministers with brooms, pledge in schools
From top BJP leaders sweeping Bihar’s railway platforms to students and teachers cleaning school premises, how states plan to take up the Swachchha Bharat Abhiyan.
What they’ll clean
PLATFORMS: In Bihar, Ravi Shankar Prasad, Sushil Modi and Mangal Pandey will take up brooms to sweep Patna railway station. Radhamohan Singh will sweep Motihari railway station, and RLSP chief Upendra Kushwaha will clean up Hajipur platform.
TOILETS: In Orissa, the government plans to clean all public and community latrines and school toilets, and if necessary whitewash them. OFFICES: In Punjab, government offices will continued…

Cong-NCP split not due to me or Rahul:SoniaPrint
Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: October 1, 2014 1:37 am
Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday said that neither she nor party vice-president Rahul Gandhi had any role in ending the alliance with the Nationalist Congress Party in Maharashtra.
“Neither me, nor because of Rahul or the Congress,’’ she said when asked about NCP leader Sharad Pawar’s remark holding Rahul Gandhi responsible for breaking of alliance between the two parties. Sonia along with Rahul and senior party leaders Ambika Soni and Ghulam Nabi Azad was on two-day visit of flood-hit areas of the state.
On Monday, she met people in the Valley and on Tuesday she flew to border Poonch district. Later at Jammu, the Congress leaders distributed relief material. About the relief efforts made by the Centre, Sonia said everybody had participated in the distribution of relief material. “I do not want to do politics over the issue. The bigger issue before us today is how to rehabilitate these people,” she said. ENS
Later at Jammu, the Congress leaders distributed relief material. About the relief efforts made by the Centre, Sonia said everybody had participated in the distribution of relief material. “I do not want to do politics over the issue. The bigger issue before us today is how to rehabilitate these people,” she said. ENS

Katju claims lawyer was made judge on IndirasinterventionPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 1:29 am
Press Council of India chairman Markandey Katju churned out a new blog Tuesday, once again pointing out contentious facts. This time, the former Supreme Court judge has claimed that an incompetent lawyer was made a judge of the Allahabad High Court due to intervention of then PM Indira Gandhi.
 
Katju has said that the lawyer had himself narrated the story of becoming a HC judge, describing how he met Indira Gandhi and what he said to prompt the then PM to make sure he is appointed.
As per the blog, the lawyer, who had acquaintances with Gandhi, said to her: “Mother, you are all powerful like the Goddess Durga. There is nothing in the world that you cannot do. You made an illiterate person, Giani Zail Singh, the President of India, so I believe that you can do anything you wish. Despite this, you are unable to make me a small thing like a High Court judge. This only means that God does not wish me to be a High Court judge. “
Katju said Gandhi was moved by this gesture and told her secretary to inform the Allahabad HC Chief Justice that no names for appointment of judges in Allahabad High Court would be cleared unless this lawyer’s name was recommended.

KCRs moves face High CourthurdlePrint
Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: October 1, 2014 1:26 am
Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao is heading from one controversy to another. While the Hyderabad High Court stayed a controversial government order to re-register all vehicles from AP to TS, it censured the government on the students’ fee-reimbursement issue for being parochial, and termed the exclusion of non-Telangana students as against the spirit of national integration.
The Telangana government issued two orders recently, one on re-registration of all vehicles to replace AP with TS, and one on providing financial aid to students whose parents were Telangana residents as of November 1, 1956.
Former AP ministers P Satyanarayana and D Manikya Varaprasad Rao filed petitions against this proposal, stating that the 1956 clause effectively rules out giving aid to non-Telangana students whose parents settled in Hyderabad after 1956. Asking the government not to finalise anything, a division bench comprising Chief Justice Kalyan Jyoti Sengupta and Justice P V Sanjay Kumar directed it to place before the court the guidelines of the scheme. Chief Justice Sengupta sought to know why the government proposes to give aid only to Telangana students. Stating that the government should scrap the scheme if it does not have enough funds instead of creating unconstitutional rules, the bench observed if the court allowed the order to be implemented, it would be against the spirit of national integration. The court directed the government to file its reply within six weeks.
In another petition filed by a motorcycle owner challenging the order to re-register all vehicles, the bench ordered a stay. “We can understand registering new vehicles under the new rule from June 2, on which date Telangana state came into existence, but not prior to that…” Chief Justice Sengupta observed.

Pawar: Sena-BJP split made us part ways withCongressPawar also said he would not compromise on secularism. (Source: PTI photo)
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: October 1, 2014 1:24 am
NCP president Sharad Pawar Tuesday said the political developments following the Sena-BJP split forced the party to break the 15-year-old alliance with the Congress.
At an Idea Exchange programme at Loksatta office, Pawar explained: “Suddenly there was a situation where BJP and Shiv Sena were going to contest 288 seats each. And we felt if we contest in alliance with the Congress, several aspirants who were strong contenders, if denied ticket because of our limitations, would look for options with the BJP.” He added: “Unlike in the past, the new generation does not feel anything wrong with switching sides from secular parties to communal forces.”
Referring to the Sena-BJP developments on seat-sharing, he said: “If Bal Thackeray were alive, I would have just picked up the phone and asked what was the fate of the alliance. And he would have given me a straight answer without concealing any fact. So, I would have known exactly what was happening between Sena and BJP. But that comfort I no longer have with the current leaders in Sena or BJP. I feel it is because of the generation gap.”
Pawar also said he would not compromise on secularism. Asked if the NCP had kept the option of going with the BJP open, he said: “I feel the NCP would form an alliance with secular parties. But if such a situation arises when we cannot form the government, we will not mind sitting in the opposition.”

Stocks Rally After Three Straight Days of Lossesstocks rally after three straight days of losses
An entrepreneur on the excitement of waking up every dayAn entrepreneur on the excitement of waking up every day
An entrepreneur on the excitement of waking up every day
Adam Tilton, president and CEO of Rithmio, a gesture-recognition software platform for motion-sensing devices, discusses "the wearable technology boom," the questions he asks of advisers and the most exciting part about being an entrepreneur.
Adam Tilton, president and CEO of Rithmio, a gesture-recognition software platform for motion-sensing devices, discusses "the wearable technology boom," the questions he asks of advisers and the most exciting part about being an entrepreneur.
Adam Tilton, president and CEO of Rithmio, a gesture-recognition software platform for motion-sensing devices, discusses "the wearable technology boom," the questions he asks of advisers and the most exciting part about being an entrepreneur.
This video is featured in these articles:

India s No. 2 Coal Producer Singareni to Open Country s Biggest Underground MineSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Singareni Collieries, India's second-largest coal producer, will open the country's biggest underground mine next month with a capacity of 2.8 million tonnes per year, which should help the firm edge past its output target for this fiscal year (2014-15).
Singareni's better-than-expected output will ensure sufficient supplies to south India-based power plants it caters to, at a time when the country is facing a severe shortage of coal. Nearly half of India's power plants have less than a week's stock of the fuel.
Singareni's output is just about 10 per cent of what Coal India, the world's largest miner, digs out. But its small size and focus on one state - Telangana - has helped it beat its production targets for years, unlike Coal India that has its mines across the country.
Singareni chairman Sutirtha Bhattacharya told Reuters on Monday the company will be able to produce about 1-1.5 million in 2014-15 from the new underground mine. Most of India's mines are easy-to-operate open cast pits.
The company expects to produce a total of 55 million tonnes in the current fiscal year ending March 31, 2015, and 56 million the year after that. Its target for the current fiscal year was 54.5 million.
"We are the only company to provide more than 100 percent of what we commit to our power customers," Mr Bhattacharya said. "We also make up for others' deficits and help in lowering imports."
Most of the power plants with critical stocks are suffering from low levels of supply from Coal India, which is struggling to raise output as rains slowed activity in some mines.
Coal India fell short of its production target of 183.9 million tonnes for April-August by 8 million tonnes. The company fears it may not be able to meet its commitment of supplying 408 million tonnes to power firms this fiscal year.
The inability of Coal India - accounting for 80 percent of the country's coal output - to raise production fast enough has made India the world's third-largest coal importer despite sitting on the fifth-largest reserves.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Final Norms on Small  Payments Banks by November: RBIManufacturing Growth May Moderate in December Quarter: Industry Body
New Delhi: The Reserve Bank will issue final guidelines on small and payments banks by end November, aimed at expanding the banking space and paving way for corporates to enter these two segments.
"Based on the feedback received, final guidelines on licensing of these banks will be issued by end-November 2014," RBI said in its bi-monthly policy today.
Draft guidelines for Small Banks and Payments Banks were issued by the RBI in July and comments were invited till August 28.
The final norms will allow micro finance institutions, telecom players, non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) and public sector companies eligible to apply for bank licences once RBI invites applications for the same.
The proposed small banks will provide a whole suite of basic banking products such as deposits and supply of credit, but in a limited area of operation.
On the other hand, payments banks will offer a limited range of products such as acceptance of demand deposits and remittances of funds. They will have a widespread network of access points particularly in remote areas, either through their own branch network or through Business Correspondents (BCs) or through networks provided by others.
"Both payments banks and small banks are 'niche' or 'differentiated' banks, with the common objective of furthering financial inclusion," the RBI had said while issuing the draft guidelines for licensing these banks.
Small banks can collect deposits and disburse small-ticket loans to farmers and small and medium businesses, unorganised sector through high technology-low cost operations, as per draft norms.
Payment banks will cater to marginalised sections of society, including migrant labourers, for collecting deposits and remitting funds. They would, however, not be allowed to indulge in lending operation.
Such banks can be set up with a minimum capital of Rs 100 crore as against Rs 500 crore required for normal commercial banks, as per the draft norms.
With regard to Non-Banking Financial Companies (NBFCs), RBI said changes in the regulatory framework will be introduced by end-October 2014.
The new framework would cover prudential regulations on core capital, asset classification and provisioning norms, regulation on deposit acceptance, corporate governance and consumer protection measures.
With these changes coming into force, the RBI will recommence registering new NBFCs, it said.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 15:04 (IST)

Calm on the frontiersUpdated: September 30, 2014 01:26 IST
Calm on the frontiers
India-China
The forces from the two sides will now pull back to their September 1 positions before the crisis erupted in the Chumar sector in Ladakh, along the unclarified Line of Actual Control (LAC).
The shadow of the latest bout of tensions on the Sino-Indian border has been lifted, setting the platform for focussed engagement between the two neighbours on a broad spectrum of issues. The breakthrough was announced in New York by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj following her talks with her Chinese counterpart Wang Yi. The forces from the two sides will now pull back to their September 1 positions before the crisis erupted in the Chumar sector in Ladakh, along the unclarified Line of Actual Control (LAC). The withdrawal by the two militaries to their original positions will provide an opportunity to re-visit what Ms. Swaraj correctly observed was a “very historical” visit to India by Chinese President Xi Jinping.
Both sides deserve credit for resolving the flare-up with maturity and resolve. The resolution of the standoff confirmed the robustness of the Border Defence Cooperation Agreement (BDCA) reached last year, which, by setting the detailed protocol for addressing a border crisis, allowed the two militaries to conduct an uninterrupted and successful dialogue. Prime Minister Narendra Modi deserves to be congratulated for stating publicly and plainly the necessity of settling the border, while showing great warmth in welcoming the visiting President. So does President Xi, for repeatedly pointing to the “big picture” during the visit, implying that the relationship that has the power to transform Asia cannot be held hostage to an unsettled border. While the crisis has been blown away, the time to rejoice has still not arrived, as the incident underscores the urgency of clarifying the LAC, and boldly striking a permanent deal on the Sino-Indian frontier. This will not be possible unless there is a decisive but carefully negotiated give-and-take process on territories along the border, requiring both sides, including public opinion in the two countries, to fully understand that historic accomplishments of this magnitude are never realised with a zero-sum mentality. Nevertheless, with the latest tensions defusing, the focus needs to shift to an interlocking agenda that has begun to emerge on the Sino-Indian horizon. Hemmed in by Washington’s doctrinal push for an “Asia Pivot”, the Chinese are looking for an Indian endorsement for the 21st century maritime Silk Road. Membership in the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation is also on offer. But Ms. Swaraj has pitched India’s aspirations higher by discussing the urgency of UN reforms, which includes India’s permanent membership to the United Nations Security Council. While they seek common ground, a typically Asian diplomatic dance, based on quid pro quo and powered by a common economic agenda may be just about to unfold.

Order on framing of charges against Raja  Kanimozhi on Oct. 20NEW DELHI, September 30, 2014
Updated: October 20, 2014 11:10 IST
Order on framing of charges against Raja, Kanimozhi on Oct. 20
Nirnimesh Kumar
justice and rights
Arguments conclude in money laundering case
A special court trying the 2G spectrum allocation case on Monday reserved its order on framing of charges against the former Telecom Minister, A. Raja, and DMK Rajya Sabha member Kanimozhi in a money laundering case.
The case is an off-shoot of the spectrum case.
Additional sessions judge O.P. Saini reserved the order on conclusion of arguments by counsel for the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and the accused and fixed October 20 as the date to pass the same.
Besides Mr. Raja, Ms. Kanimozhi and DMK leader M. Karunanidhi’s wife Dayalu Ammal, seven others are accused in the case. Nine companies have also been named as accused. The ED alleged that the transfer of Rs. 200 crore from the DB Realty Group to the DMK-run Kalaignar TV through Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt. Ltd. and Cineyug Films Pvt. Ltd. was not a genuine business transaction.
It charged that the money paid to Kalaignar TV was a bribe for grant of a telecom licence to Swan Telecom, a company of DB Realty Group.
According to the ED’s complaint, Dayalu Ammal was holding 60 per cent stake in Kalaignar TV while Ms. Kanimozhi and Sharad Kumar, managing director of the channel, were each holding 20 per cent stake.
Claiming that its probe into the money laundering allegations originated during investigations into the 2G case, the ED alleged that the accused entered into a conspiracy and committed offences under various provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.
All the accused — Ms. Dayalu Ammal, Ms. Kanimozhi, Mr. Raja, Swan Telecom promoters Shahid Usman Balwa and Vinod Goenka; directors of Kusegaon Fruits and Vegetables Pvt. Ltd. Asif Balwa and Rajiv Agarwal; Mr. Sharad Kumar, film producer Karim Morani and P. Amirtham, director of Kalaignar TV — are on bail.
Counsel for the accused countered the ED’s charge arguing that there was no evidence against them.

Time to sell as Hong Kong eruptsEMAIL
Q: Should I dump stock due to Hong Kong unrest?
A: Investors hate uncertainty. Seeing protesters storm the streets doesn’t inspire confidence for the markets. But that doesn’t mean investors should bail out.
Pro-democracy protests spread over Hong Kong Monday. It’s a fast moving situation – but investors aren’t taking chances. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng sold off nearly 2% amid the news. There are some Hong Kong-based companies that are taking it much harder than others. These situations are tough for investors to play. There’s a chance the unrest will settle down and not cause a major financial situation. The famous Tiananmen Square protests in 1989, for instance, was a huge political event. But it wasn’t a big deal for US markets. The S&P 500 jumped 8% during the 7-week drama.
But there’s a risk things get worse. And that’s exactly what keeps investors on edge when watching events unfold a world away. It’s another great example of why global diversification is the only way to survive such turmolt. While Asian stocks belong in many investors’ portfolios, they shouldn’t be a dominant share. A moderately aggressive portfolio should only have a 19% weighting toward developed international stocks, says money management firm Index Fund Advisors. And only a portion of that should be in Asia.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.
Getty

US Stocks Meander in Afternoon TradingAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Move Over  Frankenfood   Now There Are  Superweedsmove over  frankenfood   now there are  superweeds
EBay to spin off PayPal in 2015EBay to spin off PayPal in 2015
eBay to separate eBay, PayPal into independent companies
Scarlet Fu reports on eBay's plans to separate eBay and PayPal in 2015. New York School of Business Marketing Professor Scott Galloway also speaks on "Bloomberg Surveillance."
Scarlet Fu reports on eBay's plans to separate eBay and PayPal in 2015. New York School of Business Marketing Professor Scott Galloway also speaks on "Bloomberg Surveillance."
Reuters
Business Consumer Goods Industries eBay Inc. Carl Icahn
EBay CEO says keeping eBay and PayPal together beyond 2015 'becomes less advantageous.'
EBay plans to spin off its PayPal unit next year, bowing to activist investor Carl Icahn's argument that the move would free the fast-growing payments business to compete more fiercely in the competitive mobile payments market.
The move, announced on Tuesday, is an about-face for eBay's top leadership, including Chief Executive Officer John Donahoe, who publicly resisted Icahn's push earlier this year and led a campaign to convince investors that eBay and PayPal should remain together.
EBay's shares jumped as much as 8.8 percent after the announcement. By midafternoon, the stock was up 7.8 percent to $56.79.
8
Donahoe as well as Chief Financial Officer Bob Swan will step down after the spinoff in the second half of 2015, but were expected to serve on the boards of one or both companies after the split. EBay will spin off PayPal as a publicly traded company in a transaction that will be tax-free to shareholders.
PayPal's next CEO will be Dan Schulman, former head of American Express Co's online and mobile payment business. The new eBay will be headed by Devin Wenig, president of eBay marketplaces and former head of the markets division at Thomson Reuters Corp .
@the5thangelrose1 Sounds like someone got burned in a bad eBay transaction.
yarnzzz
5
EBay's change of heart reflected mounting activist and shareholder pressure, analysts said. In a statement, Donahoe said “a thorough strategic review with our board shows that keeping eBay and PayPal together beyond 2015 clearly becomes less advantageous to each business strategically and competitively.”
By wresting free of eBay, PayPal can build partnerships with e-commerce rivals and seize market share from payment startups like Stripe, which is backed by several PayPal founders, and technology behemoths like Apple Inc, which unveiled its own mobile payments initiative earlier this month.
PayPal could be acquired again down the line by a technology company trying to expand into mobile payments, such as Apple, investors and analysts said.
“There are those who have not embraced PayPal because they're part of eBay,” said Richard Sichel, chief investment officer of The Philadelphia Trust Co, which manages $2 billion and owns eBay shares. “It's more of a pure play then.”
‘RIGHT GUY AT RIGHT TIME'
The spinoff also helped PayPal attract Shulman to the post.
“I don't think we would have gotten Dan if it weren't for having a CEO opportunity and he is just the right guy at the right time,” Donahoe said on a conference call with analysts.
Icahn, eBay's sixth-largest shareholder with a 2.48 percent stake as of June 30, pushed for a spinoff earlier this year but backed off in April. He also withdrew his two nominees to eBay's board.
But in a concession, the company added a 10th independent director, David Dorman, a founding partner of investment firm Centerview Capital Technology.
“We are happy that eBay's board and management have acted responsibly concerning the separation - perhaps a little later than they should have, but earlier than we expected,” Icahn said in a blog post.
Donahoe, in an interview with Reuters, acknowledged that eBay was following Icahn's recommendation, but contended that eBay arrived at its conclusion after six months of study, and was not pressured by the board.
As recently as the beginning of September, Wenig told investors at a conference “the best way to create value is that it is one company,” rather than spinning off PayPal. However, he added then that the board was “open and objective” about creating shareholder value.
The move comes as several activist investors step up pressure on other companies to spin off assets as a way to create value. B/E Aerospace Inc and JDS Uniphase Corp are among those that did, while others like Darden Restaurants Inc and EMC Corp are resisting.
“This is clearly not a move executed from a position of strength,” Macquarie Capital analyst Ben Schachter said in a research note on eBay's PayPal spinoff.
ACQUISITION TARGETS
The spinoff will separate the payment business, which contributes a little over 40 percent to eBay's revenue, from its marketplaces and enterprise businesses, such as the online auction operation.
EBay said revenue in its marketplaces and enterprise unit increased 10 percent to $9.9 billion in the last four quarters, while PayPal revenue rose 19 percent to $7.2 billion.
EBay had a market value of $65.36 billion as of Monday.
PayPal was founded in the late 1990s and went public in 2002 and was acquired by eBay soon afterward for $1.5 billion.
Goldman Sachs and Allen & Co LLC are eBay's financial advisers and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz is its legal counsel.

Caffeine-infused underwear is a thing. But the government says it wont make you lose weight.By Elahe Izadi September 30 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Ah, caffeine, the life force of liquid goodness , the enabler of conscious afternoons, the source of American productivity.
The stuff is so amazing, why not wear it as underwear as a way to lose weight, right? No? Never thought of that?
Well, two companies did, and their claims that caffeine-infused undergarments will help customers slim down attracted the attention of the Federal Trade Commission. On Monday, the companies settled complaints from government regulators, who said they'd engaged in deceptive advertising.
Under the settlement, Norm Thompson Outfitters would pay $230,000 in consumer refunds, and Wacoal America would pay $1.3 million, according to the FTC. The agreements will be open to public comment until Oct. 29, after which the FTC can make the settlements final.
A message left at Norm Thompson Outfitters headquarters was not immediately returned, and a spokesperson for Wacoal America said the company cannot comment on pending litigation.
An ad appearing in Glamour described Wacoal's iPants as being made of "microfibers with embedded microcapsules containing caffeine to promote fat destruction," according to the FTC complaint . Descriptions elsewhere, like hang-tags on the products themselves, included similar claims, the FTC said.
The  complaint against Norm Thompson includes catalog descriptions of Lytess cellulite-slimming shorts, which claim that they're made with micro-capsules containing caffeine and other ingredients that can result in their wearers losing two inches off of their hips and one inch off of their thighs in less than a month.
"As it is massaged into skin, caffeine metabolizes fat cells," one description read, per the complaint. The complaint also included an endorsement from Dr. Oz, who has surfaced before in an FTC complaint .
The FTC alleges that inch-shedding and cellulite-smoothing claims are not backed up by legitimate science, and that both companies made claims that relied mostly on two clinical trials "with significant methodological flaws."
"Caffeine-infused shapewear is the latest 'weight-loss' brew concocted by marketers," Jessica Rich, director of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection, said in a statement. "If someone says you can lose weight by wearing the clothes they are selling, steer clear. The best approach is tried and true: diet and exercise."
Diet and exercise? Ugh, fine.
It's still cool to drink caffeine though, right?
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Kept out of loop  Secy took on MoS V K Singh before transferPrint
A perusal of the exchange of notes between the two reveals that Takru first advised Singh on June 23 in writing that the “informal arrangement” — appointment of a Private Secretary (PS) of the minister’s choice — was “improper” and “must cease”.
Written by Shyamlal Yadav | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:06 am
Rajiv Takru, a 1979-batch IAS officer, who served as Secretary, Department of North Eastern Region (DoNER), for about 105 days, had a series of run-ins with General (retired)  V K Singh, Minister of State (Independent charge), DoNER, before his transfer to the National Commission for Minorities.
V K Singh, Minister of State (Independent charge), DoNER, before his transfer to the National Commission for Minorities.
Takru’s battle with the minister commenced soon after he joined DoNER over Singh’s reluctance to take note of and act upon “improper” appointments and over direct routing of files by the minister to junior officers and vice versa without keeping the Secretary in the loop. Takru, who took charge at DoNER on June 16, relinquished charge on Tuesday.
A perusal of the exchange of notes between the two reveals that Takru first advised Singh on June 23 (a week after he joined) in writing that the “informal arrangement” — appointment of a Private Secretary (PS) of the minister’s choice — was “improper” and “must cease”. In response to an August 25 note by the minister, Takru further stated that Singh’s office was yet to acknowledge the concerns raised by him. The PS being referred to is Dr Rajesh Kumar, a 1997-batch IPS officer who earlier worked in the personal staff of Minister of Culture in UPA-II Chandresh Kumari Katoch.
In response to an August 25 note by the minister, Takru further stated that Singh’s office was yet to acknowledge the concerns raised by him. The PS being referred to is Dr Rajesh Kumar, a 1997-batch IPS officer who earlier worked in the personal staff of Minister of Culture in UPA-II Chandresh Kumari Katoch.
The exchange of communication, accessed by The Indian Express, shows that Takru had informed the minister on June 23-24 about the “existing instructions of the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) regarding appointment of staff for newly-appointed ministers”. A temporary PS was appointed on May 26 in accordance with the DoPT guidelines. This order was, however, withdrawn on May 29 because, according to Takru’s note, “the then Secretary was told that the MoS had his own arrangement in place. So there was an informal arrangement working in the MoS office not because of departmental default but because of conscious decision.”
The exchanges show Takru countered Singh, saying the issues raised by him were neither “frivolous” nor an attempt to divert from the “core issues”. He rejected the suggestion that he was continued…

Political courage needed to admit government cant deliver promisesUpdated: October 1, 2014 02:20 IST
‘Political courage needed to admit government can’t deliver promises’
Rukmini S
The Hindu Economist Esther Duflo. Photo: Rajeev Bhatt
INFOGRAPHIC
welfare
We could hold people accountable to a reasonable standard of expectation and that’s the first step, says economist Esther Duflo
In 2003, French-American economist Esther Duflo co-founded the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab (JPAL) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) with Abhijit Banerjee and Sendhil Mullainathan. In just over ten years, JPAL has carried out 568 field experiments – or Randomised Control Trials (RCTs) – in 56 countries, nearly 100 of them in India alone. RCTs test whether a particular development intervention – smartcards for benefit transfers, incentives for immunisation – actually works. Ms. Duflo, recognised as one of the world’s top economists, has won numerous awards including the John Bates Clark Medal and a MacArthur Fellowship.
In an interview with Rukmini S, she spoke about what it’s like to bring evidence into Indian policy, and which policies are doomed to fail.
I don’t think many people in India know the scale of JPAL’s work here – both the number and scale of the evaluations going on. Are Indian state governments getting more open to having such RCTs conducted in their states?
Yes, Karthik Muralidharan’s RCT covers 20 million people in Andhra Pradesh. There is another evaluation I was involved with which is in Bihar and covers 20 million people. Earlier, we did one with Rajasthan police which covered about eight million people.
I don’t think they were ever against it but it was just not in the type of things they used to consider. From governments in India, I haven’t seen, to be honest, objection to the idea of experimenting. Some times, they have objections to the programme itself, but not to the idea of trying something. It’s only in the last few years that we have been trying with different government departments and we have now several experiments - one on pollution auditing in Gujarat , the Rajasthan police one, two MGNREGA experiments , one on schools in Haryana and now a series of partnerships with the government of Tamil Nadu. So across states, across sectors, we find a remarkable level of openness to the idea that it’s worth trying things out.
With Tamil Nadu, is the partnership only for evaluations, or will the government also incorporate the findings into policy?
There is an MoU saying broadly speaking that the government and JPAL agree to work together on evaluations. The proposal comes together between a government department and a team of researchers brought by JPAL from all over the world. Then, the proposals are submitted to a steering committee which meets twice a year, which may approve the proposals or not. And then the government will ask the departments to fund whatever is approved, and a significant amount of money is approved both for the evaluation and the programme. In principle, these evaluations can be in any area which interest both the government and the team. What has been explored are proposals in education, in the management of non-communicable diseases like diabetes and livelihoods.
Presumably the intent is for this then to feed into policy. I don’t think the government would invest so much money and effort into this if they were not going to use it for policy. The first steering committee met a few days ago. There were a few proposals before it and they were well-received, so we are on track.
Much of your work has found that the actual job that a government employee has to do is so enormous that there is a tacit understanding that she will only do a part of it. If the new government in India wants to improve public service delivery and reduce corruption, do you think they first need to demythologise a public servant’s actual job?
If they could pronounce that word, it would be a good place to start! I think that’s absolutely right but I don’t know whether anybody would have the courage to do that, because it requires to say in black and white – even though it’s already the case in practice – that we are not able to deliver what we promise to deliver. So right now if you take the example of nurses , on paper the government is delivering a fantastic system of primary healthcare to the poor. In practice, that system is different, but nobody says it.
A government would have to say: Forget it, we are not going to have this wonderful three-tier system, with the nurse knowing the first name of every person in the village. You’re going to have your sub-centre that’s 10 kilometres from your place, you’re going to have to figure out your way to get there, but at least it’s going to be open, and it’s not going to be open at 8 am because you need time for the nurse to get there, and it’s going to be open from 10 to 4, and this is what she can do.
I think it’s difficult to admit that it will not be someone who knows everyone and who convinces people to was their hands and get sterilised and teach the women about weaning foods. These are things that it would be lovely to have but we are not equipped to. But to admit that would require so much political courage that I doubt it will happen. But I think if it could then yes, at least then we could hold people accountable to a reasonable standard of expectation and that’s the first step.
…The combination of improving the logistics, say with UID, and also simplify and clarify the work of government employees, will help.
Are there any major Indian government programmes that you can see in this way are doomed to fail?
The Right To Education. Not in its entirety – I think it has good pieces to it – but largely. The idea that private schools and community schools need to have such-and-such buildings and infrastructure and pay their teachers that much – it’s not just failing, it’s hurting. Usually things fail and it’s just a waste of money. Here it’s like, the consequences, if it’s adopted, will be hurtful. So that’s one.
The Public Distribution System in its current form is not working. The objectives are the wrong ones, the way it physically works is terrible, the level of corruption would need to improve a lot to be outstanding. The idea that you should push grain on to people – to start with, it seems to me on the basis of all that we know of people’s nutritional problems, that is the least of their concerns. So that’s the big one.
Then the diesel subsidy - although we haven’t done any randomised research, just looking at the numbers, it is a redistribution from the poor to the non-poor, and it’s terrible for the environment. There is no case for it, except that it’s there.
Of the policy lessons that JPAL has come up with in the last ten years, I know deworming programmes in schools have been taken up by state governments. But other work, like on improving teacher attendance, which is over ten years old, has not been taken up. Does it get frustrating that what your evaluations are finding is not making it to policy?
Yes, with deworming now the national government has also announced that it is taking it up. In the case of the absent teachers , I’m not sure what could be scaled up….In the two experiments that we did, it didn’t really work at a level where I would be comfortable recommending scale-up.
When you run a very large experiment, you can recommend the scale-up more easily. But in others cases when you do the experiment, and with NGO partners etc, it takes some work to translate it into policy. So take for example education. We did plenty of experiments with Pratham and Pratham knows how to do it as well if they do it themselves. But it took a while, it took about three or four replications with different states to arrive at a model that works within the government. Now we have one, one that we tested in Haryana and it works. So now we are confident to say you can replicate it elsewhere, and so far at least there are glimmers of interest from various state governments, so there’s no reason to be frustrated.

September earns  rep  as worst month for stocksEMAIL
Getty Images
September did little to change its reputation as the worst-performing month of the year for the U.S. stock market. After a run to a new record high on Sept. 18, stocks have been going down and finished the month in the red.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index fell 1.6% in September, dropping from 2003.37 to 1972.29.  Here is a chart of the S&P 500 through last night’s close.
The S&P 500 stock index is down 1.6% in September, living up to its reputation as the worst month for stocks. (Chart: Yahoo Finance, as of Sept. 29 close)
The benchmark U.S. stock index couldn’t shrug off the ghosts of Septembers’ past.
History spells trouble for stock investors in September.
Here’s the gruesome statistics:
* Since 1928, the S&P 500 is ranked No. 12 in performance out of the 12 months of the year, with average losses of 1.02%, and finishing higher just 45% of the time, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices.
* The performance picture doesn’t look much prettier since 1950, either. September ranked last again, declining 0.5%, on average, and posting positive returns just 45% of the time.
The fall came despite the index hitting its 33rd and 34th record highs of the year earlier this month.
Stocks have been hurt by conflict abroad, in places like Ukraine, Iraq, Syria. And recent pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong have added to geopolitical risk. Investors have also had to come to grips with the fact that the Federal Reserve will eventually have to start raising interest rates sometime next year.
It’s not just the S&P 500 that has struggled this September. Indexes that track blue chip stocks, tech name and small company stocks also are down.
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.3%, the Nasdaq composite plunged 1.9% and the small-cap Russell 2000 index is off 6.2%.
The poor performance in September took a dent out of the third quarter, but stocks still posted gains for the quarter. The S&P 500 managed a 0.6% gain, its seventh consecutive quarterly gain.
 

First Ebola Case Diagnosed in the U.S.  CDC Confirmsfirst ebola case diagnosed in the u.s.  cdc confirms
Have an Interview Coming Up Tips for Prepping With a Partnerreddit
We all get nervous before a big interview! Your hands turn clammy, your heart starts thudding and the thoughts in your mind are going a mile a minute. This is me being interviewed on Varney & Co., however right before Varney launched his first question I was experiencing all of the above. It's not a fun feeling, to say the least, but if you take the time to prepare, you can quiet those nerves and walk into your next interview ready to deliver your best.
So, what are the best ways to prepare? For starters, it helps to have an interview partner. During my career coaching sessions , I often stress to my clients the importance of practicing with others before going on an interview. It's not enough to recite what you want to say in your head or in the mirror; you need another person to help with all of the details that you may not notice but someone else will.
For my clients, I'm often their interview partner, however I have found that most job hunters actually rely on a significant other, family member or close friend despite several drawbacks, such as too much emotional involvement and limited interviewer experience. Another drawback -- your partner may already know your strengths and weaknesses so they may not reflect the reactions of a real third party. If you're going to work with a close family member or friend, you'll need a guide from the outside to help you optimize your time, get the constructive feedback you need and prepare you until you feel ready to go into the interview and give your best.
I've been coaching career professionals since 1997 and have served as the interview prep partner hundreds of times, so I know what your partner needs to look for and how even someone who knows you well and is emotionally involved can constructively critique you and make you a more powerful interviewee.
Here are my tips to help train your training partner:
First Impressions Matter
Everyone knows a first impression is extremely important when it comes to interviewing. How you present yourself when walking in the door will last with the interviewer long after the interview is over. When working with your partner, do a role play of the entire situation from start to finish and have your partner assess you to make sure you're making a good impression. A few things your partner should be looking for: How is your eye contact? Do you have a firm handshake? How are you dressed and how do you walk into the room? Your partner should have you work on all of the above until everything has met your partner's high expectations.
Where's Your Resume, Portfolio and Pen?
It's surprising the number of people who don't have their resume, portfolio and pen on them during an interview. Always have these items, whether it's the first interview or the fifth.
Offer your resume to your prep partner as a guide for them to use in the beginning. In a real interview, the interviewer usually has a copy but it's always good to bring your own. In addition to your resume, make sure to bring several copies of your portfolio to leave with the interviewer(s), and lastly, bring a pen! It shows engagement and active listening when you have a pen and paper in hand. Have your interview partner check for these items during your preparation.
The Little Details That Matter
How is your voice when speaking -- hesitant and timid or strong and confident? Do you maintain eye contact throughout the interview? Where are your hands when speaking and how are you sitting in your chair? All of these seemingly little details may go unnoticed by those of us interviewing since they tend to be subconscious behaviors, but they will always be noticed by the interviewer. Have your partner create a checklist and go through the list one by one during the interview to make sure your voice inflections, eye contact and body movements all show someone who is more than capable of doing the job well.
What Questions Do You Have?
At the end of the interview, the interviewer will likely say something along the lines of "Do you have any questions for me?" The answer: yes. You should always, always have questions for the interviewer, and they should be good ones. Here are some examples for you and your partner to review so that you have an understanding of the caliber of questions that should be asked. Be strategic and use the opportunity to sell yourself throughout. Your partner should listen to ensure your questions encapsulate these goals.
With these tips, both you and your partner will be ready to thoroughly prepare you for any upcoming interview. You can also reach out to me for a 15-minute consultation if you're stuck or need to fill in any gaps. As many of my clients can attest, this process will ensure you walk into your next interview calm, confident and with the clarity you need to communicate effectively and land the job.
Follow Melissa Llarena on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CareerOutcomes
More:

See one of the worlds largest lakes dry up  in photosAn undated photo of the Aral Sea when the lake was the world's fourth largest.(Reuters)
SHARE
Daniel A. Medina @dmedin11
September 30, 2014
Last week, NASA released time-lapse photos , taken by its Terra satellite, that show the drying over time of the Aral Sea in Central Asia—once the world’s fourth largest lake. The time-lapse, taken from August 2000 to August 2014, shows to devastating effect the disappearance of a massive body of water.
Tap image to zoom
(NASA/CBS News)
The back story of the Aral Sea’s vanishing into the earth is complex, but it’s generally agreed to be a man-made phenomenon. The story begins in the 1960s, when the Soviet Union undertook a massive diversion water project in the arid plains of Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, and Turkmenistan. The Soviets needed more fertile farming land to harvest crops and feed its population.
The task was to divert water from the region’s two major rivers, the Syr Darya and Amu Darya; in the process, a desert transformed into a lush farming area. However, the Aral Sea, which at one time was situated between Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan, was deprived of its crucial water basin. As NASA notes, “although irrigation made the desert bloom, it devastated the Aral Sea.”
Climate change began accelerating the drying process in the 2000s, most prominently from 2005-09 when the area experienced a prolonged drought that cut off the flow of the Amu Darya into the lake. The local fishing-based economy  (pdf) of the surrounding towns and villages collapsed.
In a last-ditch attempt to save the lake just before the drought, Kazakstan built a dam in 2005—to no avail. The lake could not be saved. UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon toured the area by helicopter in 2010, calling the lake’s disappearance one of the planet’s “worst environmental disasters.”
Correction (6:46pm ET): The original version of this story incorrectly implied that the Aral Sea was created by the Soviets in the 1960s. The wording has been changed to clarify the story.
Share this:

Television is being taken over by filmmakers  and thats a beautiful thingGlass
September 30, 2014
Movie directors are swarming to the small screen, where networks are allowing them to have more and more creative control with which to imbue TV shows with their distinctive styles.
Consider what Steven Soderbergh is doing with the turn of the century medical drama The Knick on Cinemax. The series looks, feels, and sounds like Soderbergh in the best possible way—he directs and edits every episode, operates the primary camera himself, and employs frequent musical partner Cliff Martinez to bathe The Knick with an electric, synthy score that is synonymous with Soderbergh’s films.
And now, with the news that David Fincher—one of the most extolled film directors on the planet— will direct every episode of the upcoming HBO thriller Utopia, it has officially moved beyond a mere industry trend into something close to a revolution.
Television used to be film’s graveyard: Aging actors and failed movie directors would use the small screen as a place to prolong their careers. Fincher’s decision to focus on Utopia in 2015—and, ostensibly, forgo directing any films—speaks volumes for how much TV has changed. It’s no longer a graveyard for Hollywood players—it’s a playground, and big-time filmmakers are using TV as their personal laboratories to tell stories deeper than what the time constraints of a movie allow.
Tap image to zoom
Director David Fincher(AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi)
The phenomenon didn’t begin with True Detective, but Fincher and others probably wouldn’t consider experimenting with TV had that series not been as good, or as successful, as it was. Cary Fukunaga directed every episode and proved that the auteur model could fashion a series as captivating as anything else on TV.
Fincher is betting that lightning will strike twice for HBO (which seems to be leading this revolution). It’s a very good bet.
One reason why the auteur structure works so well on TV is aesthetic consistency. Episodes of True Detective (or The Knick) bleed into one another, so what you’re getting is, essentially, a very long film. The binge-watching experience is likely to be enhanced by that visual stability. But even week-to-week watchers benefit from a single director—each week you’re brought back to the same world you were in the week before, like you’re picking up a novel right where you left off.
Fincher directed the first two episodes of House of Cards but then took a back seat to a slate of other directors who carried out creator Beau Willimon’s vision. These directors didn’t necessarily mimic the feel and tone that Fincher introduced, but it’s obvious they tried to give the show a unified look. But what better way to achieve that goal than to have the same person direct every single episode? Fincher fans will find out with Utopia.
There are a number of other major film directors involved with TV, but fall short of controlling an entire series: Guillermo del Toro with The Strain, Martin Scorsese with Boardwalk Empire, Peter Berg with The Leftovers, J.J. Abrams with… everything .
Who will be next? Danny Boyle, Christopher Nolan, Paul Thomas Anderson, the Coen brothers—television is calling your names.
Share this:

Young  assured and turning right: India s generational changeComments
The story may be apocryphal but Mahendra Singh Dhoni was once asked about Farokh Engineer and whether he had modelled himself in any way on India's original wicket-keeper batsman. Dhoni looked nonplussed for a moment and then smiled. "I haven't heard of Mr Engineer. I don't look to the past when I play my cricket, I am concerned only about the present," he said.
It was typical Dhonispeak from a cricketer who has shown in the course of a remarkable career that he is unchained by the baggage of Indian cricket history. He wants to, and has, set his own rules on how the game is to be played. He is a free-spirited cricketer, but also a canny one with an acute awareness, on and off the ground. Then, whether it be his hairstyle, his helicopter shot or his calm under pressure, Dhoni gives the impression of a self-confident man. That he comes from the cricketing backwater of Ranchi is revealing--the monopoly of the big city over sport was broken some time ago. That he is also probably the wealthiest cricketer this country has produced is not surprising. This is an era when Mammon calls the shots.
Read: In politics, youth goes for content, not age or lineage
Dhoni, to my mind, is the prototype of the new, young Indian : ambitious but self-assured; aspirational but rooted. Of course, it helps if you have a rare talent, but across India there are other Dhonis emerging, young Indians from humble backgrounds with fire in the belly and a willingness to chart new boundaries. You see them when you visit an info-tech company office in Bangalore, when you travel to Dalal Street in Mumbai, at the pizza takeaway counter on your street. Why, you may even meet them in the many television newsrooms where a number of fine young reporters don't come from schools and colleges with 'pedigree' but have an abiding passion for news-gathering. In a growing service sector economy, these Indians are the foot soldiers of the economic revolution, marching to the drumbeat of money and consumerism (they all want the best smartphone money can buy!).
Narendra Modi has a term to define this aspirational class: he calls them the "neomiddle class". Modi's original definition was in the context of those who had risen from the category of the poor but were yet to stabilise in the middle class. But I believe the definition should be wider, since it is now slowly cutting across traditional income and geographic divides. Many of the neo-middle class are young; a demographic shift has meant that the bulk of this new class will be in the 18-to-30 age group, young Indians who even if they live in a small town now have a certain metropolitan consciousness. Their English may not be perfect, but speaking it is a sign of "arrival". With their T-shirts, jeans and dark glasses, the sartorial gap between them and their parents is perhaps even wider than the generation gap. This class see themselves as consumers first and citizens next. It is this class that is driving the growth engine, that is constantly looking for new opportunities to climb the social ladder. That sees a glitzy mall as a 21st-century temple.
In the 2014 election, this class played an important, if not decisive, role in the final verdict. A post-poll analysis by Lokniti, a reputable political research agency, suggests that first-time voters between the ages of 18 and 23 voted overwhelmingly in support of the BJP and Narendra Modi. About 36% chose Modi as their prime minister, just 17% plumped for Rahul Gandhi.
The support that the new, young Indian gave Modi is not surprising. The young Indian is looking for iconic figures who will break with past stereotypes, who will symbolise change, not continuity. He wants leaders who will constantly communicate with him, be it across social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook or through a Town Hall format. By engaging with younger voters on social media or, indeed, in gatherings like his speech at the Shri Ram College of Commerce in New Delhi, Modi struck an instant chord with this younger India. His ideas and his aggression appealed to them. They either had no memory of Gujarat 2002, or did not consider it relevant. For them, what mattered was what Modi had come to represent in the 2014 election - a change agent who offered hope, in contrast with a Rahul-Manmohan-Sonia troika that appeared stuck in older rhetoric and a dynasty-driven culture that sacrificed merit at the altar of lineage (which is also why a Dhoni-like figure is so appealing to this young India: he has become captain of the Indian team not because of a famous surname but simply because of his high level of skill).
Read: India's young turn to self-made icons known for their achievements
Ironically, the only other politician a section of these young Indians seemed to identify with was Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal. If Modi's machismo was attractive, Kejriwal's anti-corruption, anti-VIP-culture rhetoric also struck a chord. Both Modi and Kejriwal appealed to the young because they were talking of 'transforming' India. A Lokniti survey, in fact, showed that 50% of those who voted for Kejriwal in the Delhi assembly election chose Modi as their prime minister. But while Kejriwal's primary appeal was to angry Indians who felt left out of the growth engine, Modi was, in a sense, presenting himself as a post-liberalisation politician, someone who would usher in "achche din" if he was voted to power.
But in their seeming disdain for the past, is this young India less caring and less conscious of its social responsibilities? When I see the continuous outrage on the social media, for example, I wonder if the definition of the angry young man is changing. In the 1970s Amitabh Bachchan era, the angry young man was positioned as an anti-establishment hero, someone who would confront power, injustice and villainy. Today's new young Indian appears less inclined to be anti-establishment, more tempted to stress his so-called 'nationalist' credentials. I see it in Twitter profiles: 'young, nationalist Indian, proud Hindu, NaMo supporter'.
Read: India's youth reinterpreting God in a whole new way
The rightward lurch in the polity is reflected in the priorities of this young Indian: he will be less inclined to support a movement that seeks rehabilitation of dislocated tribals or a trade union agitation to ensure minimum wages for labour. Instead, he will identify with 'let's teach Pakistan a lesson' war-mongering or even a more worrying 'don't trust the Indian Muslim' rhetoric. It is this sharpening of religious identity that is troubling. In the 1990s, the 'Garv se kaho hum Hindu hai' slogan echoed among VHP kar sevaks, who were rooted in their Hindutva ideology. Now, I hear it among young Indians who will not join groups like the VHP but will still espouse their religion by positing it against the 'other'.
Read: 63% want to marry virgins, but majority approve of premarital sex
I often wonder then, is the new young Indian economically liberal, but socially conservative? He may wear an ear-stud or a tattoo but will he allow his wife or girlfriend to wear tight skirts or trendy saris? He may work in an environment where narrow identity should not matter, and yet in his private life does he use the cloak of anonymity to spread venom against those who are 'different'? How many of these new young Indians would openly support gay sex or gay marriage? Don't forget the otherwise voluble Modi, the icon of this generation, has remained conspicuously silent on gay rights and Article 377. He also did not hesitate to brand Shashi Tharoor's late wife, Sunanda, a '50 crore girlfriend'.
Maybe I am being harsh or, worse still, pandering to broad generalisations. In a vast country like ours, there can be no single definition of the new "young" Indian. It isn't as if the spirit of idealism is dead. I often meet youngsters who appear to be constantly engaging with new ideas and contributing their time and energy to making a difference. I saw their fury during the anti-rape protests in Delhi a few years ago; I saw it during the anti-corruption Anna andolan of 2011. Their concerns may shift easily, but they are legitimate nonetheless.
A few weeks ago, I went to a college where the students asked me if I would take up the Ice Bucket Challenge. I had no idea what it was till a student explained that it was an activity that involved dumping a bucket of water on someone's head to promote awareness of a disease called Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis or ALS. "It's gone viral on social media, sir," one student said excitedly. A few days later I was told that a group has begun a 'Rice Bucket Challenge', asking people to donate a bucket of rice to someone in need. "An Indian version for Indian needs' is how it was described on Facebook. There is hope, I guess, for a new, enlightened India after all.
(The writer is a senior journalist. The views expressed are personal.)
(This is the first in a series of articles written for Hindustan Times' 90th anniversary.)

Who Is the Man Replacing the  Bond King All the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

iPhone 6: Apple Suppliers Brace for Rush in Chinaiphone 6: apple suppliers brace for rush in china
My Stanford University Press blog post on the Hobby Lobby decision and its implications for religious freedom and the rights of people organized as corporationsBy Ilya Somin September 30
The Stanford University Press blog recently published a post I wrote for them about the Supreme Court’s decision in the Hobby Lobby and its implications for religious freedom and the legal rights of people using the corporate form. Here is an excerpt:
The Supreme Court’s recent decision in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby addressed a seemingly narrow issue: whether the Obamacare regulation requiring corporate employers to provide insurance plans that cover contraception violates the Religious Freedom Restoration Act in cases where the employers in question have religious objections to some or all contraceptives. But the Court’s ruling also makes a crucial broader point: that people are not required to give up fundamental legal rights when they organize themselves into a corporate body. That principle has important implications for constitutional law. It is a vital protection for individual rights in a society where we unavoidably conduct much of our business and charitable activities by using corporate organizations…
The claim that corporations aren’t entitled to constitutional and statutory rights because they are not people is not limited to attacks on the Hobby Lobby decision. Especially since the Supreme Court’s controversial 2010 decision in the Citizens United corporate-funded speech case, many have deployed this reasoning to justify denying corporations free speech rights, or even all constitutional rights of any kind.
It is indeed true that corporations are not people. But those who own and operate them are. In modern society, people routinely use corporations for a wide range of activities. Numerous employers, churches, schools, newspapers, charities, and other organizations all use the corporate form. When they do so, their owners and employees should not have to automatically check their constitutional and statutory rights at the door.
I also addressed claims that corporations are not protected by the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, because they are not capable of engaging in the “free exercise” of religion:
Justice Alito points out that the law permits commercial corporations to pursue a wide range of objectives and does not require them to sacrifice all other goals to maximizing profit. If such corporations can, for example, pursue charitable objectives, they can also pursue religious ones.
I would add that even if profit is the sole purpose of a particular firm, its owners can still choose to accept moral or religious constraints on the pursuit of that objective. An obvious example is a business whose owners choose to close on the Sabbath because they believe they have a religious duty to do so. Keeping the Sabbath is not the main purpose of the business; profit is. But the Sabbath is a moral constraint on the means the owners use to pursue that purpose.
Critics of the Hobby Lobby decision—most of them on the political left—readily understand that corporations can and sometimes should adhere to secular moral constraints on profit-maximization. For example, many praised firms that refused to invest in apartheid-era South Africa, even though such investments may have been profitable… Just as these and other secular moral principles can impose constraints on profit-maximization, even if promoting those principles is not the main objective of the firm, the same goes for religious constraints on commercial behavior.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

GoPro unveils new camerasGoPro unveils new cameras
GoPro unveils new cameras
Capturing life's adventures with a camera the size of a tic tac box, but with resolution as clear as a movie. GoPro announces a line of 3 advanced camera with ultra high resolution at 30 fps.
Capturing life's adventures with a camera the size of a tic tac box, but with resolution as clear as a movie. GoPro announces a line of 3 advanced camera with ultra high resolution at 30 fps.

Obama  Modi discuss trade  climate  terror at White HouseModi, Obama announce better trade ties, joint fight against terror
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 20:33 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:59 IST(1/10/2014)
India and the United States on Tuesday announced significantly expanded cooperation in defence, trade, infrastructure and, especially, counter-terrorism action against the Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, D company, the Haqqani network and al Qaeda.
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives for a meeting with US President Barack Obama at the White House. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama speak after a meeting in the Oval Office of the White House. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves as he arrives at the White House in Washington DC for a meeting with US President Barack Obama. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi end their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington. (Reuters Photo)
US President hosts Prime Minister Narendra Modi for dinner at the White House in Washington. The two leaders broke the ice by exchanging anecdotes in their political graphs. (Photo courtesy: ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with US President Barack Obama at the White House dinner. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @MEAIndia)
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama of the United States with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama greets external affairs minister Sushama Swaraj at the White House in Washington US Secretary of State John Kerry is seen on the left. (PTI Photo)
A “joint and concerted effort” will be made by the two countries to dismantle these outfits, an Indian government official told reporters. But he gave few details and refused to elaborate.  Joint Statement during the visit of Prime Minister to USA
The two sides also agreed to speed up implementation of the civil nuclear deal, announced in 2005, with the help of an interagency platform.
And they agreed on renewing the defence cooperation framework for another 10 years, though it would be signed when they are through with the details.
Live Blog Modi in America
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama met for over two hours in the morning at an expanded delegation-level meeting and then in a more restricted format without aides.
 
Emphasising that India supports trade facilitation, Modi told Obama that a solution must be found to its concerns over food security at the World Trade Organisation. “We had an open discussion on the WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found,” the PM said.
India had taken a tough stand over food security at the WTO talks in Geneva in July, refusing to ratify the WTO’s Trade Facilitation Agreement without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution to its public food stock-holding issue for food security purposes.
“My conversation with President Obama has reinforced my conviction that India and the US are natural global partners, based on our shared values, interests and strengths in the digital age,” Modi said from prepared remarks in Hindi after the bilateral meeting.
Read: Modi, Obama raise the bar for bilateral ties in joint oped
Obama said his discussion with Modi over dinner on Monday night were mostly about the economy, but that they focussed on the international situation and security issues on Tuesday. “We addressed challenges in West Asia and violent extremism, the fight against ISIS,” he said.
But Indian officials said there was no request from the US for India to join the coalition against ISIS, a possibility speculated about in the run-up to the summit.
The two spoke of a “peaceful transition of power in Afghanistan and the need to work together to ensure stability”.
There will be a joint statement on the outcome of the talks but it had not been issued till late Tuesday. A large number of initiatives were agreed upon in the areas of urban development, sanitation and infrastructure.
“This visit can be scored as a success for the very basic reason that it took place,” said Michael Kuglemanm, a South Asia expert at Wilson Center. “Modi could have declined Obama’s invitation to come to Washington, or deferred it indefinitely. Instead, he accepted it and took full advantage of his time in Washington. This is a strong signal of his intention to move beyond the past and to get this relationship back on track.”
After their Oval Office meeting, Obama and Modi travelled together to the Martin Luther King Jr memorial on the National Mall, a few blocks from the White House. Modi was initially to go alone to pay homage to the activist leader but in a last minute change, the American President decided to join him.

"Becoming the Boss" a Q&A with author Lindsey Pollakreddit
For this post I am highlighting a terrific new book by my friend and fellow Millennial workplace expert Lindsey Pollak.  Lindsey's new book, Becoming the Boss: New Rules for the Next Generation of Leaders is a thorough and highly readable roadmap for the next generation that is flooding into leadership roles every day.  I caught up with her to learn more:
BT - The subtitle of the book is New Rules for the "Next Generation of Leaders."  Why does the next generation need "new rules?"
LP - First--and I am very clear about this in the book--there is absolutely no need to throw away all of the great leadership advice of the past. Much of it is still incredibly valuable and relevant. But, today's leaders absolutely need some new rules. For instance, Millennial leaders will likely lead global teams and virtual teams. They will lead through massive technology shifts. And they will have to lead in a 24/7/365 world in which the boundaries between professional and personal are fuzzy at best. The new rules are in addition to, not in replacement of, the longtime rules of leadership.
BT - You mention early in the book that there is high demand for information on generational diversity right now.  We see that in our work too.  Why do you think this is such a hot topic now?
LP - The recent global recession caused many Boomers to stay in the workforce longer than planned, so I think the generational shift from a Boomer-led world into a Millennial-dominatn one is happening more suddenly than anyone anticipated. A few of my speaking clients in the accounting industry already have a workforce that is over 75 percent Millennial, and other industries will soon see similar demographics. Experts predict the "tipping point" will be 2020 when the workforce is about 50 percent Millennial (and 50 percent all the rest of us--Traditionalist, Boomer, Gen X and Gen Z), so we are right in the midst of the build-up to that moment. It's a time of discomfort, but also excitement.
PT - One section I thought was particularly interesting was how negatively HR professionals perceive Millennials as employees compared with how Millennials view themselves as employees.  What do you think is driving this disconnect?
LP - Millennials tend to judge themselves on their potential and ambition. (This is not surprising since Millennials are famous for receiving trophies for participation as kids!) However, companies judge them on results and professionalism. That's the key disconnect. I also think HR professionals have been working with Baby Boomers and Baby Boomers' professional style for so long that it's a shock to their systems for a new group to come into the workplace and do things differently. In many ways, this is because Millennials grew up with the Internet. They have always had access to all of the information and people in the world at the touch of a button. They tend to assume that they can move up the career ladder quickly and share their ideas with the CEO if they want to. "Paying one's dues" is not a concept that resonates with Millennials at all. That is often hard for other generations to appreciate.
Where I fall on this issue is I believe very strongly that today's young people have tremendous potential, but they do need some guidance on "soft skills," such as face-to-face communication, work ethic and profesional patience. This book is my attempt to provide that guidance and support this huge generation of out world's future leaders.
BT - You use the term "filling the tank" to describe how Millennials should prepare for leadership.  Can you give some examples?
LP - "Filling the tanks" was a quote from Joss Whedon, who once spoke about how he is always gathering information, ideas and inspiration from everything around him. So, the advice to leaders (of any age) is to keep filling your tanks all the time. Read book, read blogs, follow people you admire on Twitter, go to lectures, visit museums, watch TV shows outside your normal viewing habits, talk to a diversity of people and learn from everything. I try to follow this myself and I can't recommend it enough. Leaders are always learning.
BT - You say that "part of your job as managers in the twenty-first century will be to help all employees see themselves as CEOs of their own careers and personal brands whichever career path they choose to follow."  Is that pretty provocative advice to managers who are always desperate to retain their best employees?
LP - Most employers today acknowledge that it's unlikely they will retain young talent from college graduation to retirement. I'm not sure the majority of big organizations even have lifelong retention as a goal anymore. I believe the smart companies of the future will train their top young talent to find their best career paths, even if that path is at a different company or in a different industry.
One of my clients even provides free career coaching for employees (which can sometimes lead to leaving the organization). At the same time, smart companies are building and supporting robust alumni networks so that their former employees stay on as lifelong supporters--perhaps as shareholders, clients, vendors, brand ambassadors or even returning or "boomerang" employees.
Follow Bruce Tulgan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BruceTulgan
More:

Politician  sugar baron and oldestcandidatePrint
Written by Manoj Dattatrye More | Kolhapur | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:43 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 8:12 am
At 94, S R Patil doesn’t believe in the conventional methods of keeping fit. “Walking? No, no, not even jogging,” says Maharashtra’s oldest candidate, contesting from Shirol in Kolhapur where he is the sitting Congress MLA.
“I am a workaholic,” he says. “I start my day at 6.30, am in office at 8.30 and remain there till 8.30. Simple eating, going to bed early, and being on the job always have kept me going.”
His secretary, Ashok Shinde, vouches for his fitness: “Except for one angioplasty, Patil sir has had no age-related problems such as blood pressure or diabetes.”
And Patil says, “I am only Class VII pass, but others can learn a lesson or two from my life.”
He has won three assembly elections starting 1957, with a three-decade break from politics along the way. He proudly recalls his first victory, against Ratnakar Kumbhar of the Congress. “Being a socialist and associated with Rashtriya Seval Dal, I was with the Samyukt Maharashtra Samiti. I defeated Kumbhar with a margin of 13,000,” says Patil. He is married to Krishnabai, 85, and has a son, a daughter, and four granddaughters from the son, who himself has gone on to become a grandfather.
After completing his term, Patil took a break from politics and established in 1971 a sugar factory, Shree Datta Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana. He points proudly at a trophy from the National Federation of Cooperative Sugar Factories. Spanning 200 acres, the factory today employs 5,000 people and pays sugarcane farmers Rs 2,500 per quintal. “Our rate is among the highest by any factory in western Maharashtra,” he says, a claim endorsed by MP Raju Shetti of Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna that has been agitating on behalf of cane prices.
Patil returned to politics in 1992 and lost his only Lok Sabha election. In 1999, he became an MLA again by defeating Shyamrao Patil of the NCP. “This was when the Congress had fallen apart, which gave birth to the NCP. These were difficult times for the Congress and I was among the few who withstood the test in western Maharashtra,” he says.
In the last election, Patil defeated Ulhas Patil of the then fledgling Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana.
“A few weeks ago, I spoke to the chief minister about my intention to contest again, but I was not expecting the ticket in view of my age. My supporters, however, got the form and filled it up,” he says.

TN cop tries to immolateselfPrint
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:43 am
A junior police officer tried to immolate himself before the office of the Tamil Nadu DGP near Marina beach on Tuesday. Police claimed that he was upset after AIADMK chief J Jayalalithaa’s conviction. Security personnel at the office prevented the suicide attempt and shifted him to a nearby police station for interrogation.
The police officer was identified as Velmurugan, a constable from a police station near Theni, the bastion of AIADMK and the native place of new Chief Minister O Panneerselvam. “He arrived in the city Tuesday morning. He was in his uniform and was carrying a bottle of kerosene. Immediately after he doused himself in kerosene, our officers detained him,” said a senior officer.

Cong troubleshooter against upbeatBJPPrint
Written by Mukesh Bhardwaj | Kaithal | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:41 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 8:07 am
Ever since he was made the Congress’s national spokesman, Haryana Parliamentary Affairs Minister Randeep Singh Surjewala has spent much of his time defending Sonia Gandhi’s family against allegations about Robert Vadra’s land deals. Also troubleshooter for Chief Minister B S Hooda amid allegations about lopsided development, the suave and articulate “Bhai Sahib” as he is known finds his skills put to the test in Kaithal.
This is the town where Narendra Modi addressed a rally and attacked Hooda on his claims of development. The BJP is upbeat. And in an atmosphere of anti-incumbency, voters see in Surjewala a face they identify with Hooda. It is also a familiar face, for his father used to represent the constituency.
“The way our representative was troubleshooting for the government, the area should have progressed a lot more. But then the other candidates are no different, we are still thinking,” says Arun Sharma, a trader.
Surjewala reads out a list of things done by the Congress regime. “Enough, rather more than enough, was done for the constituency. Since the Lok Sabha polls, I have almost been camping here. People are happy,” he says.
Surjewala moved to Kaithal from Narwana, where he had defeated INLD chief Om Prakash Chautala in 2005 before the seat was declared reserved. In a seat with a high Jat population, other parties have sought to consolidate the non-Jat vote in view of Surjewala’s stature.
The INLD has fielded Kailash Bhagat, who lost to Surjewala last time by 22,000 votes. Bhagat is a Punjabi and is banking also on Brahmins and Banias. “The party has its own Jat vote-bank. Our candidate has a following among the non-Jat communities,” says Ram Singh of the INLD.
The Congress has won the seat three times, the INLD four times, and independents twice. The BJP has never won. Its candidate, Rao Surender Singh, was in the HJC until the day he was given the ticket. Taken into the BJP during the afternoon, given the ticket in the evening, he belongs to a backward caste.
The BJP is pinning its hopes on Modi’s image. Surjewala dismisses any wave in support of Modi. “What wave? The balloon burst in the recent bypolls. They took over on false promises and have been exposed. You cannot survive the electoral test by playing to the gallery. History will repeat itself for the Congress.”

After splits  more tickets and moreMuslimsAfter splits, more tickets and more Muslims
Written by Zeeshan Shaikh | Mumbai |       October 1, 2014 12:46 pm
Comments
The number of Muslim candidates in Maharashtra has gone up more than proportionately to the higher number of candidates after the split in the major alliances. The four parties in the two alliances and the MNS have together fielded 1,356 candidates, which is a little less than twice the 705 they totalled in 2009, while the number of the Muslim candidates these five have fielded has multiplied more than two-and-a-quarter times from 19 to 45. Muslims now represent 3.3 per cent of the fray, having represented 2.7 per cent last time.
The highest jump is from the MNS, which has increased the number of Muslim candidates from one to seven in 2014 while the tickets it has handed out have grown proportionately less in comparison, from 143 to 239. The NCP is next with 16 Muslims, four times as many as in 2009, when it contested 113 seats compared to the 286 now.
The Congress has raised its tickets for Muslims from 12 to 19 — the highest for any party — but it actually represents a lower proportion (6.6 per cent of 288) than in 2009 (7.1 per cent of 170).
The Shiv Sena has stuck to a single Muslim candidate though it is contesting 286 seats to last time’s 160. The BJP has two Muslim candidates after having fielded one in 2009, roughly in proportion to the growth in the number of seats it is contesting (from 119 to 257).
One of the BJP’s Muslim candidates is Pasha Patel, who will contest from Ausa in Beed district where the Muslim population is small. Patel, a former MLC and a grassroots activist on agrarian issues, was close to the late Gopinath Munde who hailed from Beed. The other candidate is from Malegaon Central, which is Muslim-dominated, and where the Sena too has fielded its lone Muslim candidate.
“It is difficult for Muslims to win from areas that don’t have a substantial population,” a senior Congress leader said. Counting independents and smaller parties’ candidates, the last two elections have had 265 and 395 Muslim candidates and while their vote share has dropped from 4.5 per cent in 2004 to 3.9 per cent in 2009.

Delhi confidential: Code in thewayExpress News Service | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:39 am
CODE IN THE WAY
UNION ministers from poll-bound Maharashtra like Prakash Javadekar or Nitin Gadkari will not be able to participate in any Swachh Bharat initiatives in their constituencies because of the model code of conduct in force. Javadekar apparently was quite keen on participating in Railways’ cleanliness drive at stations in his constituency but had to drop the plan after his office sought clarity on the matter from the Election Commission. He was informed that it would be considered a violation of the code of conduct. Currently in Maharashtra, Javadekar now plans to reach Delhi in time to be able to participate in the programme in the Capital on October 2.
CUTTING MEDIA TO SIZE
PRIME Minister Narendra Modi’s idea of keeping a distance from journalists seems to be catching on. President Pranab Mukherjee, who used to be accompanied by 22-member media delegation on his travels abroad, is understood to have decided not to take journalists on his next trip. Mukherjee, who is likely to visit Norway and Finland in mid-October, is learnt to have told officials to include only ‘official’ media — Doordarshan, All India Radio, Photo Division, Films Division, along with news agencies like PTI, UNI and ANI — on the trip. It now remains to be seen whether Vice-President Hamid Ansari also follows suit.
ON TO THE BANDWAGON
EVEN Sahitya Akademi has not remained untouched by the Swachh Bharat campaign that seems to have monopolised government’s attention in the last few days. The literary body has organised a ‘symposium and poets’ meet’ on Swachh Bharat on Wednesday, the subject of discussion being ‘Literature and Environment’. The guest of honour at the function is Bindeshwar Pathak of Sulabh International fame who seems to be in much demand these days. Meanwhile, all ministries and offices near the central secretariat will remain shut from the second half of Wednesday to Thursday morning as part of security drill for Prime Minister Narendra Modi who is to attend a Swachh Bharat function near India Gate on Thursday.

Sena greets north Indians with a ticket and aposterShiv Sena’s first ever poster in Hindi. ( Source: Express photo by Pradip das )
Written by Kavitha Iyer | Mumbai | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:39 am
For a party that has built its politics almost solely on the Maharashtra-for-Maharashtrians plank with vicious attacks against north Indian security guards and taxi drivers, the Shiv Sena has now offered Mumbai a generous slice of irony by fielding a north Indian, the son of a businessman who runs a large security guard agency in the city.
Santosh Singh, a former local cricketer and the son of Mumbai’s Uttar Bharatiya Sangh R N Singh, will contest in Chandivali against Congress heavyweight and fellow north Indian, Arif Naseem Khan.
R N Singh is a long-time supporter of the Congress, and was until recently a close associate of another key north Indian Congress leader in Mumbai, former minister and former Mumbai Congress chief Kripashankar Singh. R N Singh’s nephew Amarjit is in fact contesting against Kripashankar in neighbouring Kalina constituency, but on a BJP ticket. Just what circumstances led to R N Singh’s falling out with Kripashankar remain unclear, but R N Singh has made a call to his loyalists to vote for the Shiv Sena this election.
Santosh was reportedly busy campaigning, and R N Singh explains away the circumstance of his son contesting against the Congress. “For the lakhs of north Indians who call Mumbai home, this is our karmabhoomi. And the Congress has now been proven to be too weak while the Shiv Sena has grown in power. The Sena can bring the city to a halt when it chooses to. If we want to survive and thrive in Mumbai, we must support the Shiv Sena,” Singh tells The Indian Express.
The whisper campaign in Chandivali constituency is that this is neither smart politics nor an unofficial curtains-down on the Sena’s regional chauvinism, and that a candidature for Singh’s son is merely an indication of the senior Singh’s influence and ambition. “Santosh Singh may poll no more than 5,000 votes,” says one senior Congressman in Mumbai North-Central parliamentary constituency, which Chandivali is part of.But the Sena hasn’t stopped at the ticket to Santosh. There is its first Hindi poster for voters to wrap their head around, a clear departure from tradition. Meanwhile, some young north Indian Congress activists in former MP Sanjay Nirupam’s constituency have joined the Sena.
Congress erosio
In fact, while the Sena may gain only marginally, the Congress could see another strong vote-bank eroding slowly.
“The Lok Sabha elections showed one thing clearly,” says Mithai Lal Singh, a former president of the Uttar Bharatiya Sangh. “This time, there will be a section of people voting for change, and Modi signifies that change.” The septuagenarian says regardless of the outcome of the assembly polls, from the mood in the UP bypolls as well as in the Lok Sabha elections, it’s apparent that some segments of the Congress’s traditional north Indian votebank in Mumbai will continued…

Counting losses  Railways may stop paying for countingcashNorthern Railway alone has paid its cash-counting staff Rs 18 crore since 2008. Each cashier was making between Rs 1 lakh and 4 lakh per year through honorariums. Source: C R Sasikumar
Written by Avishek G Dastidar | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:34 am
Indian Railways is set for a battle against its cashiers who want to retain an archaic rule that allows them to sometimes earn more than their salaries in extra money just for counting cash. The Railways gives its cashiers these honorariums over and above the salary and other benefits.
Over the years, however, the amount thus paid has kept swelling. Northern Railway alone has paid its cash-counting staff Rs 18 crore since 2008. Each cashier was making between Rs 1 lakh and 4 lakh per year through honorariums.
After the Dussehra holidays, the Central Administrative Tribunal in New Delhi will hear a plea from cashiers in Delhi, Hajipur, Allahabad and Kolkata, who want to scuttle a move by the Railways Ministry to cap such honorarium at 25 per cent of basic pay. The argument Railways is going to make is that honorarium “cannot be a source of profit”. The order was passed in 2013 and Railways is currently in the process of reviewing it.
Different Railways zones have different yardstick for cashiers to be eligible for this payment. But generally, it is Rs 27 for every Rs 2,800 of cash counted in an hour by one cashier, above Rs 4.5 lakh. Recently, after the launch of the Prime Minister’s Jan Dhan Yojana, officials reasoned with cashiers that now that everyone in the country is likely to have a bank account, disbursing money in cash would be redundant.
The honorarium rule has been there since the ’70s. In those days cashiers needed to travel to far-off places carrying large amounts of cash to pay railway employees. Over the years, with proliferation of banks and ATMs, the rule became redundant but still kept costing the Railways because of influence of unions.
“It is a cashier’s hard-earned money. Fine if Railways wants to cap it to 25 per cent, but no one can question the need for such honorariums because cashiers in Railways function under difficult conditions,” said Shiv Gopal Mishra, Secretary General of All India Railwaymen’s Federation.
According to Railway Board, the solution to this issue is to make cashier jobs extinct. It has been decided that existing vacancies will not be filled and the job will cease to exist in a few of years.

Sept. earns  rep  as worst month  but Q3 still saw gainsEMAIL
Getty Images
September did little to change its reputation as the worst-performing month of the year for the U.S. stock market. After a run to a new record high on Sept. 18, stocks have been going down and finished the month in the red.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index fell 1.6% in September, dropping from 2003.37 to 1972.29.  Here is a chart of the S&P 500 through last night’s close.
The S&P 500 stock index is down 1.6% in September, living up to its reputation as the worst month for stocks. (Chart: Yahoo Finance, as of Sept. 29 close)
The benchmark U.S. stock index couldn’t shrug off the ghosts of Septembers’ past.
History spells trouble for stock investors in September.
Here’s the gruesome statistics:
* Since 1928, the S&P 500 is ranked No. 12 in performance out of the 12 months of the year, with average losses of 1.02%, and finishing higher just 45% of the time, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices.
* The performance picture doesn’t look much prettier since 1950, either. September ranked last again, declining 0.5%, on average, and posting positive returns just 45% of the time.
The fall came despite the index hitting its 33rd and 34th record highs of the year earlier this month.
Stocks have been hurt by conflict abroad, in places like Ukraine, Iraq, Syria. And recent pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong have added to geopolitical risk. Investors have also had to come to grips with the fact that the Federal Reserve will eventually have to start raising interest rates sometime next year.
It’s not just the S&P 500 that has struggled this September. Indexes that track blue chip stocks, tech name and small company stocks also are down.
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.3%, the Nasdaq composite plunged 1.9% and the small-cap Russell 2000 index is off 6.2%.
The poor performance in September took a dent out of the third quarter, but stocks still posted gains for the quarter. The S&P 500 managed a 0.6% gain, its seventh consecutive quarterly gain.
 

S&P 500 has 7th straight quarterly gainsS&P 500 posts 7th straight quarter of gains
By: Adam Shell September 30, 2014 4:04 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Despite finishing in the red for September, the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index closed out the third quarter in the black, extending its string of quarterly gains to seven.
The benchmark U.S. stock index, which notched its 34th record close of the year at 2011.36 on Sept. 18 and then took some lumps late in the month due to geopolitical flareups around the globe, finished the third quarter of 2014 up 0.6%, to 1972.29.
The large-company stock index hasn’t posted a losing quarter since the fourth quarter of 2012, when it slid 1%, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices.
Here’s a look at the performance of the S&P 500 during its winning streak (data supplied by S&P Dow Jones Indices):
Qtr.      % gain
2Q13     +2.4%
1Q13     +10.0%
The broad U.S. stock gauge fell 1.6% in September, a month that has been the worst-performing month of the year since 1928.
In the just-completed July thru September quarter, the S&P 500 was paced by stocks in the health care and informational technology sectors. Hurting the index was the energy and utilities sectors.
During the quarter, investors had to navigate a series of geopolitical flash points around the globe. The Ukraine and Russia conflict gave investors pause, as has the recent U.S. military involvement in Iraq and Syria to hobble the Islamic State militant group and the latest pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. Wall Street also wrestled with the reality that the Federal Reserve will end its bond-buying program in October and likely start raising interest rates from record-low levels sometime in 2015.
Still, stocks climbed on the strength of an economy that continues to recover and perhaps is the brightest spot on the global stage at the moment.
The S&P 500 peaked at an intraday high of nearly 2020 on Friday, Sept. 19, the day the widely hyped initial public offering of Chinese e-commerce giant resulted in a 38% first-day gain.
Wall Street now looks ahead to October, a month best known for stock market crashes in 1929, 1987 and 2008. Overall, however, October is a relatively solid month, ranking in the middle of the pack in terms of average monthly performance over long periods of time. The good news is the October through December period is among the most bullish three-month stretches for the stock market, historical data show.
There will be no shortage of potentially market-moving events in October, according to Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices. Here’s a list of potential “October Future Shocks” outlined by Silverblatt:
October Future Shocks:
Oct. 3:         September employment report
Oct. 8:         Fed minutes from the September 16-17 meeting
Oct. 8          Alcoa opens the third-quarter profit eporting after the closing bell.
Oct. 19:       1987 stock market crash anniversary; worst one-day fall ever for S&P 500, off 20.47%
Oct. 28-29: Fed two-day policy meeting
Oct. 30       First read on third-quarter GDP
 

First Ebola Case Diagnosed in U.S. Confirmed by CDCFirst Ebola Case in US, But CDC Vows 'We Will Stop It Here'
Sep 30, 2014, 6:35 PM ET
This undated photograph shows a CDC scientist pipetting specimens in the Biosafety Level 4 Influenza Laboratory, Atlanta, GA.
James Gathany/CDC
Share
Copy
The first Ebola case has been diagnosed in the United States, but a top health official said today there is "no doubt... we will stop it here."
Dr. Tom Frieden, the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said the patient left Liberia on Sept 19 and arrived in the U.S. on Sept. 20. The patient sought medical help on Sept. 27 and was put in isolation on Sept. 28, Frieden said.
Tests confirming the Ebola diagnosis came back today. The White House said President Obama was briefed about the patient by Frieden.
Frieden stressed that the patient was not sick on departure from Liberia or upon arrival in the U.S. and the disease can only be contracted by someone exhibiting symptoms of the disease.
Frieden said he was confident there would not be an Ebola outbreak in the U.S.
"There is no doubt in my mind we will stop it here," he said.
Up Close With Patients in the Throes of Ebola
He later added that Ebola is a "scary disease," but vowed, "We are stopping it in its tracks in this country."
Although American Ebola patients have been treated in the United States prior to this diagnosis, they all contracted Ebola in West Africa. Ebola has killed 2,917 people and infected 3,346 others since the outbreak began in March.
Frieden declined to identify the patient other than to say, "The individual was here to visit family who live in this country." Frieden later indicated the patient was male when he modified the comment to say, "He was visiting family members and staying with family members who live in this country."
Health officials are tracking down the patient's close contacts to determine whether they contracted the virus, Frieden said.
LM Otero/AP Photo
PHOTO: This stairway leads to the Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas, Sept. 30, 2014.
The Dallas Fire Rescue EMS crew that transported the patient have been quarantined according to CDC and Dallas County Health guidelines, city officials announced Tuesday evening.
The city activated its Emergency Operations Center and is on Level 2: High Readiness.
Dr. Edward Goodman, head epidemiologist at the Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas, said he could not reveal information about the patient's symptoms or treatment, but said that "he is ill and he is under intensive care."
Frieden said possible experimental therapies are being discussed with the family and may be announced later.
Ebola is spread via contact with bodily fluids, such as blood and urine, but it is not contagious unless Ebola symptoms are present, the state health department said. Symptoms can take between two and 21 days to appear after exposure to the virus, according to the CDC.
What You Need to Know About the Ebola Virus
This has been the worst Ebola outbreak since the virus was discovered in 1976. More people have died from Ebola since March than in every other Ebola outbreak to date combined, according to data from the World Health Organization.
Last week, the CDC released a report saying that without the proper intervention, the Ebola outbreak could reach 1.4 million cases by the end of January. But if 70 percent of Ebola patients are placed in Ebola treatment centers or home settings that reduce transmission by December, the outbreak could be nearly over by the end of January, according to the CDC. Every month intervention is delayed means more cases and a slower stop to the outbreak.
CDC
PHOTO: CDC Director Tom Frieden holds a press conference on a recent Ebola case found in the United States, Sept. 30, 2014, in Atlanta.
Editor's Note: An earlier version of this story said the patient left Liberia on Sept. 10. The patient left on Sept. 19.

CDC confirms first case of Ebola in the U.S.By Mark Berman , J. Freedom du Lac , Elahe Izadi and Brady Dennis September 30 Follow @markberman Follow @jfdulac Follow @ElaheIzadi Follow @brady_dennis
The director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Thomas Frieden, confirmed on Tuesday the diagnoses of the first case of Ebola in the United States. (AP)
Months after the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history began ravaging West African countries, a man who flew from Liberia to Dallas became the first case of Ebola to be diagnosed in the United States.
Health officials stressed that they are confident they can control this situation and keep the virus from spreading in the U.S.
"We're stopping it in its tracks in this country," Thomas Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, declared during a news conference Tuesday afternoon.
The man who is infected, who was not identified, left Liberia on Sept. 19 and arrived in the U.S. the following day to visit family members. Health officials are working to identify everyone who may have been exposed to this man. Frieden said this covered just a "handful" of people, a group that will be watched for three weeks to see if any symptoms emerge.
"The bottom line here is that I have no doubt that we will control this importation, or this case of Ebola, so that it does not spread widely in this country," Frieden said. "It is certainly possible that someone who had contact with this individual could develop Ebola in the coming weeks. But there is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here."
[RELATED: Investigating Ebola: How contact tracing will work in Texas .]
There were more than 6,500 reported cases of Ebola in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone as of Tuesday, and the crisis has been blamed for more than 3,000 deaths, according to the World Health Organization. Ebola was first identified in 1976, and the current outbreak in West Africa is considered the largest and most complex in the history of the virus, with more cases and deaths than every other outbreak combined.
Extra help arrives to help contain the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, which has claimed more than 3,300 lives. (Reuters)
Until now, the only known cases of Ebola in the U.S. involved American doctors and aid workers who were infected and returned to the country for treatment. One of them, Richard Sacra, was discharged last week from a Nebraska hospital. Days later, the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda admitted an American physician who was exposed to the Ebola virus in Sierra Leone. There were reports of possible Ebola patients in New York , California , New Mexico and Miami , but all of them tested negative for the virus.
The unidentified person with Ebola is being treated in intensive care at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas, according to Edward Goodman, the hospital's epidemiologist.
People who traveled on the same plane as this man are not in danger because he had his temperature checked before the flight and was not symptomatic at the time, Frieden said. Ebola is only contagious if the person has symptoms, and can be spread through bodily fluids or infected animals but not through the air.
"There is zero risk of transmission on the flight," Frieden said.
[RELATED: How do you get Ebola ?]
Still, the fact that the disease has been confirmed on American soil immediately sparked fears in the U.S., turning a public health crisis from a faraway news story to something that makes people reach for Purell and facemasks. But experts said it was impossible to imagine that Ebola, which a CDC estimate projects could infect up to half a million people by January, would remain completely outside the country's borders.
“It was inevitable once the outbreak exploded,” said Thomas Geisbert, a professor at the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston, who has researched the Ebola virus for decades. “Unless you were going to shut down to shut down airports and keep people from leaving [West Africa], it’s hard to stop somebody from getting on a plane.”
But Geisbert quickly underscored how unlikely the virus is to spread in the United States. For starters, he said, officials placed the sick man in quarantine quickly in order to isolate him from potentially infecting others. In addition, health workers are already contacting and monitoring any other people he might have had contact with in recent days.
Two Dallas Fire-Rescue paramedics and one paramedic intern are being monitored for Ebola symptoms after transporting the patient to the hospital. The three EMS workers will remain at home for 21 days, Dallas Fire-Rescue Lt. Joel Lavender said Tuesday night. Their ambulance was decontaminated after they transported the patient, Lavender said.
“The system that was put in place worked the way it was supposed to work,” Geisbert said.
That doesn't guarantee that no one else will get infected, because the sick person could have transmitted the disease to someone else before being isolated. But that approach almost certainly ensures that the United States will quickly contain the disease.
The deadliest Ebola outbreak in history is centered in the West African countries of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea , though there is a separate outbreak in Congo. Unlike in West Africa, where the affected countries have fragile or barely existent health care systems, where people are being turned away from treatment centers, where family members are caring directly with those sick and dying from Ebola, the U.S. is far more equipped to isolate anyone with the virus and provide the highest level of care.
For months, the CDC has been conducting briefings for hospitals and clinicians about the proper protocol for diagnosing patients suspected of having the virus, as well as the kinds of infection control measures to manage hospitalized patients known or suspected of having the disease. Many procedures involve the same types of infection control that major hospitals are already supposed to have in place.
Early recognition is a critical element of infection control. Symptoms include fever greater than 101.5 degrees Fahrenheit, severe headache, muscle pain, vomiting, diarrhea and contact within 21 days before onset of symptoms with the blood or other bodily fluids or human remains of someone known or suspected of having the disease or travel to an area where transmission is active.
The CDC also has scheduled more training for U.S. workers who either plan on volunteering in West Africa or want to be prepared in the event that cases surface at their own hospitals.
President Obama spoke with Frieden on Tuesday afternoon regarding the way the patient is being isolated and the efforts to scour the man's contacts to seek out any potential other cases, the White House said.
Frieden said during the news conference that the man who is infected did not develop symptoms until about four days after arriving in the country. This man sought medical treatment on Friday, two days after symptoms developed, but was evaluated and released. He was admitted to the hospital on Sunday before being placed into isolation. Frieden, who would not say if the man was a U.S. citizen, said the man is not believed to have been working as part of the response to the Ebola outbreak.
David Lakey, head of the Texas Department of Health Services, said the state's laboratory in Austin, Tex., received a blood sample from the patient on Tuesday morning and confirmed the presence of Ebola several hours later. This laboratory was certified to do Ebola testing last month.
Here is a video showing how the Ebola virus works:
As the worst Ebola outbreak in history unfolds in West Africa, The Post's Joel Achenbach explains how the deadly virus wreaks havoc on the human body. (Davin Coburn/The Washington Post)
And here is more on the spread:
Sarah Larimer, Todd C. Frankel and Lena Sun contributed to this report.
[This post has been updated multiple times.]
* * *

J. Freedom du Lac  Elahe Izadi  Sarah Larimer and Brady DennisIt all comes down to this for Cary Agos.
Nov 23, 2014
It’s a long list.
Nov 23, 2014
Iggy Azalea leads with six nominations.
Nov 23, 2014
Two casinos will no longer feature performances by the comedian, who is under fire for multiple allegations of sexual assault.
Nov 21, 2014
“It’s not an exaggeration to say he has the biggest decisions of his life to make in this episode.”
Nov 21, 2014
The pals plugged Stewart’s new movie but also had a real emotional moment during one of Colbert’s last episodes.
Nov 21, 2014
Just in case you don’t have time to catch up on the two-and-a-half-hour second movie.
Nov 21, 2014
The “Lemony Snicket” author’s riff about an African-American writer did not go over well.
Nov 20, 2014
After NBC fired a top executive this week, rumors about the show heated up into a frenzy.
Nov 20, 2014
Think your beloved TV show is dead? Netflix is on it!
Nov 19, 2014
Load More
About
Emily Yahr is an entertainment reporter and pop culture blogger for the Style section. She joined the Post in May 2008, a week before she graduated from the University of Maryland, and worked on Lisa de Moraes' TV Column and blog . Originally from Cleveland, Emily has previously written for the Boston Globe, USA Today, Lexington (Ky.) Herald-Leader and the American Journalism Review.
Most Read

Whos snacking where on what: eating habits by gender and regionIf it's not mealtime, it's chocolate time.(Reuters/Jim Bourg)
SHARE
Svati Kirsten Narula @svatikirsten
September 30, 2014
Here’s one sweeping takeaway from Nielsen’s new report on snacking habits around the world: The $374 billion global snack industry would seem to owe a lot to the relationship between women and chocolate.
In an online survey of 30,000 individuals from 60 countries, respondents were asked about general snacking preferences and the kinds of snack foods they had recently consumed. Among the 97% of respondents who said they ate snacks, 64% had reached for chocolate in the 30 days leading up to the survey, with women more likely than men to have done so. In fact, women outnumbered men in all snack categories regarding recent consumption: 57% of women had snacked on yogurt, for example, compared to 44% of men.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The second most-common snack around the world was fresh fruit, which 62% of people reported eating between or instead of meals.
When snacking habits are examined on regional scales, chocolate is still either the most or second-most popular snack, although other trends stand out. In Europe, for example, 58% of people snack on cheese. But only 33% snack on cheese in Asia and the Pacific, making it less popular than yogurt, gum, dumplings, and instant noodles there. In Latin America, 64% of people snack on cheese, putting it in the same league as ice cream (63%) and yogurt (66%) and ahead of fresh fruit (57%). North Americans, meanwhile, are most likely to reach for potato or tortilla chips, and a full 44% of them snack on peanut butter—the same proportion of those who snack on vegetables.
The worldwide trend in snacking is “all natural”—those two words are what 45% of consumers rate as “very important” when it comes to choosing a snack. More than 40% also prefer snacks free of artificial colors and flavors and genetically modified ingredients. Only 31% of people said they cared as much about protein content, and even fewer care about calories, carbohydrates, or the presence of high fructose corn syrup.
For a more detailed examination of the Nielsen report, see the Washington Post’s “ definitive guide to how people snack around the world.”
Share this:

Attack of the killer office chairs2
Indeed it is, but I wonder if it's enough to convince us to surrender the sitting position we know and love.
You've likely seen a person or two in your workplace with either a standing desk or a regular desk with a computer monitor up on boxes so they can stand and work. It looks odd, and that alone will stop many from making the switch.
And a workplace edict assigning everyone a standing desk would likely spark revolt.
"I found very early on that people don't like being told what to do and people don't like paternalism," Levine said.
But I do think all of us -- those more drawn to increased standing and those who fear it -- can take something positive from the good doctor's chair-abolishing crusade. At the very least, it should plant a thought in our heads that more movement is a good thing.
Levine explained why standing while working leads to additional activity: "People who start standing and working generally increase their movement about one or two hours extra a day. What actually happens is that once you're standing up, the whole dynamic of the office changes. If you're standing up you can actually see across the office. Say you want to ask someone a question, you're more likely to walk across the office to talk to Sheila. Once you're off your bottom, you will walk more because you're standing up. Also, if you work when you stand up, you tend to not stand still. That activity adds up."
Levine said workers can help themselves by making sure that they move around as little as 10 minutes every hour. So even if you don't want to work standing up, just add some movement to other parts of your day.
"Instead of meeting up at Starbucks and sitting down, take a little stroll instead," Levine said. "Have meetings that are walk-and-talk. It's totally doable, with a little imagination."
Our chairs, wonderful though they may be, have dulled our thinking. We go through our days trying to move as little as possible, and that can't be good for our health. Whether you believe Levine's research or not, there's a logic here that's difficult to deny.
Walk around and a bit and give it some thought. And keep an eye on that chair of yours -- I hear those things are trying to kill us.
TALK TO REX: Ask workplace questions — anonymously or by name — and share stories with Rex Huppke at ijustworkhere@tribune.com , like Rex on Facebook at facebook.com/rexworkshere and find more at chicagotribune.com/ijustworkhere.

PM Modi Promises US CEOs a Return to Market ReformsYou are here: Home Economy
PM Modi Promises US CEOs a Return to Market Reforms
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 10:10 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Prime Minister Narendra Modi told nearly a dozen US company chiefs on Monday that he is committed to liberalising his country's economy, which has underperformed other emerging markets recently after years of breakneck growth.
PM Modi spoke at a breakfast with 11 chief executive officers during his first US visit since coming came to power in May, vowing to get India's economy back on track.
Among those attending the breakfast at the New York Palace Hotel were the CEOs of Caterpillar Inc and Boeing Co.
"He wasn't at all like the politicians we're used to here," said Caterpillar chairman and CEO Doug Oberhelman, who shared his impressions of the breakfast meeting with Reuters.
"He acknowledged that the last five years have been very difficult for the Indian population, the Indian economy and the world in general, and he vowed and promised to change that. I believed him. He was very serious. ... I was genuinely quite impressed."
However, some US business groups have questioned Mr Modi's reformist credentials.
Last week, the US Chamber of Commerce and 15 other business associations representing various sectors gave a more cautious assessment of the prime minister's record so far.
Mr Modi also alarmed some foes of government tinkering with business last week when he said in India that multinational soft-drink giants PepsiCo Inc and Coca-Cola Co should help increase sales by Indian farmers by adding fresh fruit juices to their fizzy drinks.
In a letter to Obama, the US business groups urged the president to press Modi to remove barriers to trade when the two leaders meet on Monday and Tuesday
The letter highlighted India's blockage of a key World Trade Organization agreement reached last year, which overshadowed a July 30-Aug. 1 visit to India by US Secretary of State John Kerry. The business alliance also complained about India's raised tariffs and "burdensome" new testing requirements on imported information and communication technology products.
Last week, US congressional leaders on trade and finance wrote to the US International Trade Commission calling for a second investigation into India's "unfair" trade practices, detailing any changes under Mr Modi
In a speech at the Council on Foreign Relations think tank on Monday before heading to Washington, Mr Modi reiterated India's WTO stance, saying that while India supported the trade pact, its demands for food stockpiles were not incompatible with it.
He stressed his campaign to encourage manufacturing in India and the country's desire for US research and technology, something US firms have been reluctant to share without stronger Indian intellectual property protections
India, which once seemed to vie with China for the title of fastest-growing developing economy, has stumbled in recent years as a spate of scandals undermined business confidence in the government's commitment to economic reform.
Still, Mr Modi had won the confidence of at least one other high-profile US CEO even before the US visit.
Cisco Systems Inc chief executive John Chambers last week praised him as a leader who had "captured the imagination" of Indian business, adding that he would make the needed "tough decisions" to revive the company's economy.
One of Mr Modi's priorities on this trip is to gather more such endorsements and - judging from Oberhelman's reaction - he won some more converts at Monday's CEO breakfast.
"I deeply believe that he's committed to changing India," Oberhelman said.
"There's no question that part of his mission is to enhance and increase the investment climate in India, both for domestic companies and for direct investment."
Caterpillar is the world's largest maker of earthmoving construction and mining equipment. The Peoria, Illinois-based company operates several plants and research and development centers in India and - together with its two independent dealers - employs more than 10,000 people there.
Monday's events follow three momentous days for India's new leader.
On Saturday, Mr Modi addressed the United Nations General Assembly. That evening, he appeared before some 60,000 people at a musical event in New York's Central Park aimed at ending global poverty and bringing essentials such as sanitation to all.
And on Sunday, the prime minister received a rapturous welcome from Indian-Americans in an appearance in New York's Madison Square Garden arena.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Maruti to Recall Nearly 70 000 Cars to Repair Harness FitmentYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti Suzuki to Recall Nearly 70,000 Cars to Repair Harness Fitment
Agencies | Updated On: September 30, 2014 19:35 (IST)
Maruti Suzuki India Limited, the country's biggest carmaker, has said it is recalling 69,555 vehicles due to a potentially faulty wiring harness issue.
The company said it would recall diesel cars manufactured between March 8, 2010 and August 11, 2013.
Maruti Suzuki said it will recall 55,938 units of its old model of the Dzire compact sedan, 12,486 units of Swift and 1,131 units of the Ritz hatchback. No other models have been affected, it said.
"Maruti Suzuki dealers will contact owners of all the affected vehicles. The Dealer workshop technicians will inspect the wiring harness fitment condition and carry out the necessary repairs, free of cost. The problem was noticed based on feedback monitoring and internal checks by the company," said a statement from the company. ( Read full statement here )
It also said that users of Maruti Suzuki diesel cars (old Dzire, old Swift and Ritz) can log onto www.marutisuzuki.com to check if their vehicle is among the above mentioned vehicles.
This is the second time when Maruti Suzuki is recalling such a large number of cars this year. In April 2014, the company had recalled over 1 lakh units Ertiga, Swift and DZire to replace faulty fuel filler neck.
Although, the recall may affect customer sentiment in the short-run, in the long- run car recalls are positive for both the customer and the car maker, say automobile experts. ( Read the full story here )
Automobile companies have been pro-active in recalling vehicles in case of safety issues since industry body SIAM initiated a voluntary recall policy in 2012.
Shares in Maruti Suzuki closed 1.85 per cent higher at Rs. 3,064.35 on the BSE today. The stock outperformed the broader auto sub-index on the BSE.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 17:17 (IST)

Analysis: Why investors salivate for PayPalAP
Breaking up may be hard for companies to do. But investors love it.
Shares of eBay (EBAY) are up  $4.45, or 8.5%, to $57.12 Tuesday after the online auctioneer said it plans to spin off its PayPal electronic payment processing company.
Investors tend to have a love-affair with spin-offs because there’s a belief the spun-off company’s management has a more maniacal focus on maximizing shareholder returns. This added focus can allow spun-off companies to aggressively pursue new ways to make money that didn’t happen before when the company was comfortably nestled inside another company.
And there’s been some truth to that long-term. Over the past three years, the Guggenheim Spin-Off exchange-traded fund is up 55.1%, easily topping the 34% gain of the Standard & Poor’s 500.
And as a result, companies are happy to oblige and give investors what they think they want. So far this year, there have been 42 spin-offs completed, says Joe Cornell of Spin-Off Research, a research firm that specializes in spin-offs. At the current pace there is likely to be 60 spin-offs, making it the busiest year for such deals since the boom year of 2000 when there were 66, Cornell says.
Source: Spin-Off Research
And just whetting investors’ appetite even more is the number of big spin-offs this year that have performed well. Lands’ End (LE) , which was split from retailer Sears (SHLD) in March has been the biggest winner of the recent big deals, says Richard Peterson of S&P Capital IQ. Shares of Lands’ End have soared 38.1% since the split.
The biggest completed spin-offs this year include:
Spin-off date

Claire Adida  David Laitin and Marie-Anne Valfortclaire adida  david laitin and marie-anne valfort
News Corp to buy US property website MoveNews Corp to buy US property website Move
By Matthew Garrahan in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e2bbbbb8-48b4-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ford and eBay Are Big Market MoversAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

I Just Say One Word -- Just One Word: Efficient-BankingMr. McGuire: I just want to say one word to you - just one word.
Benjamin: Yes sir.
Mr. McGuire: Are you listening?
Benjamin: Yes I am.
Mr. McGuire: Plastics.
Benjamin: Exactly how do you mean?
Mr. McGuire: There's a great future in plastics. Think about it. Will you think about it?
Benjamin: Yes I will.
Mr. McGuire: Shh! Enough said. That's a deal.
This dialogue is from the film classic, " The Graduate " (1967). Mr. McGuire, an old family friend, tries to give the young Benjamin Braddock, played by Dustin Hoffman, some business advice about the great future in plastics.
With this in mind, I propose the Efficient-Banking business model, a new innovative business model that can solve most general banking and insurance client needs with fewer staff members, best-in-class partners, and more business success.
The cost-to-income ratio of this financial institution will be substantially below industry standards. Thus, a higher business valuation will be achieved over time.
The partnership with many best-in-class service providers also increases cross-selling business that results in a win-win situation for all involved parties.
The cost savings through Efficient-Banking will translate into better terms and higher returns on clients' investments and savings.
There will be no investment banking, branch network, or traditional branch support offered.
This is a trend that is long in coming, as can be seen already in the business models of direct banks that serve their clients via online banking, which is also known as Internet banking.
However, what is the difference between the Efficient-Banking and the online banking business models?
1) The use of a crowdsourcing platform to propose and evaluate investment ideas.
2) The reimbursement of any sale of client data to third parties, but, of course, only for clients who agree to it.
3) The possibility to participate as a client in the overall success of the new business model.
The primary services offered will be similar to what is expected of direct banking and insurance services, but with the promise to always try to exceed competitors' offerings.
Not all clients will be attracted to the online banking and insurance services that Efficient-Banking provides, where there will be no face-to-face, personal relationship with an advisor, banker, or insurance agent.
Classical personal relationships as we know them from traditional banking and insurance partners also have their advantages. For instance, providing clients whom they got to know over the years with better terms and services. In addition, those banking and insurance partners can deal better with complex transactions where more than one expert is required to solve an issue or request.
This contrasts with the Efficient-Banking business model. However, despite the above-mentioned drawbacks to traditional banking and insurance firms, it can provide clients with better terms through their significant infrastructure and overhead costs savings, and thus can achieve better overall returns for their clients.
Clients who need to speak to an expert will have access to the Help Center, the internal crowdsourcing platforms, or the best-in-class service partners who stand by to answer clients' respective questions.
Clients who feel comfortable with such an innovative financial institution business model and its internet-related services will be rewarded with benefits on many levels:
1) The full advantages of the crowdsourcing platform, the cost savings, and true best-in-class products.
For clients who seek their investment advice through the crowdsourcing platform of the new financial institution, the platform will provide a rating system that objectively evaluates the quality of the recommendations of the platform members.
The crowdsourcing platform will also serve as a source for the development of desired new services. In other words, the financial institution can respond to client needs faster and in a more personal manner.
2) The new financial institution will provide clients with the opportunity to participate in the success of the new business model. The fact that they can participate in the success without being shareholders is an additional innovation in itself, as well as a yield optimizer.
3) In addition, clients can opt to allow their information and data to be sold anonymously to third parties and receive a refund for it. This is an innovative approach that is new to the financial industry and is a return enhancer for clients.
The advantages for banks and insurance companies in establishing such a financial institution are that they gain early experiences and build know-how for a future that is coming whether we like it or not.
The financial institution that will implement Efficient-Banking early will likely take a leading role in shaping the future of the financial industry. No management should try to fool itself by ignoring it. It will happen with or without them.
"I just want to say one word to you - just one word. Efficient-Banking."
Less is more.
Follow Spiros Margaris on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SpirosMargaris
More:

Teaching Creative Leadership on a Global Scale - An Interview with Rajiv Ball of THNKreddit
This past year, I had the pleasure of participating in the THNK School of Creative Leadership's 18 month executive program targeted at mid-career professionals seeking to drive innovation and accelerate the next phase of career development.
The tools and techniques I learned in the THNK program both reinforced and challenged the ways I attempt to innovate here at The Global Good Fund .  The THNK School of Creative Leadership has a mission to accelerate and develop the next generation of leaders that will change the world.
THNK's mission syncs seamlessly with our mission at The Global Good Fund and I'm proud to announce that THNK and The Global Good Fund are partnering for the Innovation Leadership Program for Young Professionals October 19-21 in Washington, DC.  During this three-day seminar, professionals will learn tools and techniques to foster innovation that can be immediately applied in the workplace. Participants will also practice and apply the concepts over three days to address the challenges of urban mobility in Washington D.C. To learn more or to register for the Innovation Leadership Program for Young Professionals click here .
I had the privilege of interviewing Rajiv Ball, a Partner at THNK responsible for opening new THNK locations across the world and developing special programs for corporate clients.
In my interview with Rajiv, he shares his story about growing THNK and discusses his approach to teaching creative leadership globally. I hope you enjoy his story - and we hope to see you in DC in October!
Prior to your role at THNK, you were a Partner at McKinsey & Company responsible for the leadership development of McKinsey Partners globally. What inspired you to leave McKinsey & Company to explore leadership development as it relates to social, corporate and political leaders?
McKinsey & Company is an amazing place with talented people who work on some of the biggest challenges facing the business and the world at large.  I learned a lot during my time at McKinsey, not just about how businesses work, but also about how to solve complex problems.  But over the course of my 13 years at McKinsey, I felt that my strengths and passions lent themselves to helping others grow rather than advising them on how to solve their problems.
Within McKinsey, I was fortunate to spend my last two years overseeing the learning needs of our 1,500 Partners globally.  I learned a lot about leadership (and myself in the process!), working with the firm's own leaders as well as with many of the firm's clients.  During this time, I was particularly intrigued by how leadership is context dependent - what makes an outstanding leader in one setting is not necessarily what makes an outstanding leader in another setting.  When the opportunity arose to join Menno van Dijk and Bas Verhart, the inspiring co-Founders of THNK, I jumped at it immediately.
At THNK, our classes bring together participants from across the globe, people from very different backgrounds.  We consciously recruit social entrepreneurs, corporate executives, entrepreneurs and government officials, which creates a dynamic mix of leaders.  For me, it is a dream come true to work at such close quarters with such diverse leaders, hailing from varied contexts and coming with unique challenges.
THNK focuses on accelerating the next generation of creative leaders. How does your enterprise approach teaching creative leadership?
Our guiding principles shape how we think about learning.  For example, we believe learning should be short on theory and long on experience; learning should be fun yet at the same time challenging; and learning should always be linked to topics that are relevant and real for the learner.
While these guiding principles are deep in the DNA of how we engaged all participants at THNK, during our 18-month, part-time Executive Program, we support our participants to build their creative leadership skills through four program elements:
Challenge: The Challenge is the next generation of the business school staple, the business case.  In the Challenge, an external sponsor brings in a topic of large societal relevance (such as food or mobility or education), which our participants explore using THNK's innovation toolkit.  Our toolkit is derived from a number of disciplines including design thinking, critical thinking and systems thinking.
Quest: In the Quest, participants explore the personal leadership dimensions of creativity and innovation.  They learn to tap into their passion and purpose while maintaining an explorative mindset.  They learn to envision what a better future could look like, orchestrate creative teams and drive their vision to break-through impact.
Forum: The Forum is a lecture reinvented.  During the Forum, a global creative leader spends an evening engaging our participants in a dialogue of co-creation, sparking inspiration and new insights.
Accelerator: The Accelerator is the participant's own project that is designed to change the world.  Participants use all the things they have learned during the THNK journey to launch their Accelerator.
In your recent MediaX/THNK Global Innovation Leadership Program at Stanford, one of the main topics for the program was how to strengthen the relationship between people and technology to solve pressing issues in urban mobility. What is the biggest disconnect between the two topics?
One of the biggest challenges today between people and technology in the urban mobility space is fragmentation of technology solutions.
During our MediaX/THNK Global Innovation Leadership Program at Stanford, we found that many Bay Area commuters wanted to commute to and from work without their car.  However, real time information on alternative commuting options were highly fragmented.  For example, if you wanted to travel from Downtown San Francisco to the Stanford Campus, it is not simple to work out the different journey alternatives (own car, ride share, public transportation, bike, etc.) in real time; where a journey requires changing modes of transportation (for example, from train to bike), getting the full picture becomes even more challenging.
Training at The Global Good Fund-THNK Innovation Leadership Program for Young Professionals will incorporate a key challenge question directed at participants: What is one idea you have for how emerging technologies can be used to provide residents of Washington, DC the cleanest, cheapest, and fastest mass transit options?  Why urban mobility in DC?
Urban mobility is a tremendous challenge in many parts of the world and Washington DC is no exception.  However, unlike many other US cities, Washington DC has a relatively well built public transportation system and alternatives to using the car.  This makes it a fascinating test bed for exploring how we could use emerging technologies to provide cleaner, cheaper and faster mass transit options for DC commuters.
Who is one leader or organization that serves as a role model for other creative leaders across the globe? What makes their innovative ideas and solutions stand out?
I would not necessarily point to one leader that serves as a role model for all others.  However, I have been intrigued and have drawn inspiration from many leaders of our time: Elon Musk for his uncompromisingly, challenging vision for the future; Steve Jobs for his ability to articulate the needs of consumers before they were able to articulate them themselves and his relentless strive for perfection; Richard Branson for his burning entrepreneurial drive; Muhammad Yunus for his brilliance in scaling a small concept into something with large societal impact.
Are you interested in accelerating your creativity? Register now for the Innovation Leadership Program for Young Professionals October 19th-21st in Washington, DC. Spots are limited and if you register by October 1st, you can save $250. We hope to see you on October 19th for this energizing and thought provoking program!
Follow Carrie Rich on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GlobalGoodFund
More:

Watch Live as CDC Discusses First Case of Ebola Diagnosed in U.S.watch live as cdc discusses first case of ebola diagnosed in u.s.
Unable to get bail  Jaya refuses to meet Panneerselvam in jailPrint
Written by Johnson T A | Bangalore | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:45 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 2:54 am
Former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa refused to meet her successor O Panneerselvam at the Bengalore Central Prison on Tuesday, although the latter had already been granted permission by the jail authorities.
According to sources, Jayalalithaa directed Panneerselvam to return to Tamil Nadu. Paneerselvam arrived in Bangalore on Monday, shortly after being sworn in as the new Chief Minister.
Sources said Jayalalithaa was upset that her AIADMK ministers and colleagues had failed to secure bail for her. She was reportedly upset after she heard on Tuesday morning that her appeal in the Karnataka High Court had been adjourned by five days.
The official reason cited to Panneerselvam, however, was her poor health.
Senior officials from Tamil Nadu subsequently met Karnataka High Court officials and managed to get her hearing advanced to Wednesday.
Since being sent to judicial custody, Jayalalithaa has refused to meet any leader from Tamil Nadu. About 15 AIADMK leaders are camping in different hotels here in the hope of meeting her.

Modi has 22+ rallies in BJPs historic planPrint
Written by Vivek Deshpande | Nagpur | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:45 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address at least 22 rallies in Maharashtra from October 4 to 13, state BJP in-charge Rajiv Pratap Rudy said in Nagpur Tuesday. “Maharashtra’s election campaign will be historic in its own way,” Rudy said. The BJP will announce its manifesto on October 30.
“The PM will address over 22 rallies. His programme will be finalised soon,” Rudy said. “He will also address rallies in Haryana.” The BJP’s slogan will be “Shiv Chhatrapati kaa aashirvaad, Modi ke saath”.
Almost all BJP central ministers and chief ministers will campaign. The issues for the campaign will be Maharashtra losing its pride of place in the areas of investment under Congress-NCP rule, industrial development and agricultural growth, farmers’ suicides and the BJP’s commitment to “clean” governance.
Rudy was confident the party would form the government on its own by winning over 180 seats. He described the possibility of having to take Shiv Sena along after the polls as “imaginary.” On the possiblility of tying up with the NCP, Rudy said, “No possibility at all. Door door tak sambhaavnaa nahin.”
Rudy said he has no comments to offer on Sena minister Anant Geete quitting the union cabinet, or on Uddhav Thackeray’s reported statement that the Sena is willing to go along with NDA.

Politician  sugar baron and oldest candidatePrint
Written by Manoj Dattatrye More | Kolhapur | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:43 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 8:12 am
At 94, S R Patil doesn’t believe in the conventional methods of keeping fit. “Walking? No, no, not even jogging,” says Maharashtra’s oldest candidate, contesting from Shirol in Kolhapur where he is the sitting Congress MLA.
“I am a workaholic,” he says. “I start my day at 6.30, am in office at 8.30 and remain there till 8.30. Simple eating, going to bed early, and being on the job always have kept me going.”
His secretary, Ashok Shinde, vouches for his fitness: “Except for one angioplasty, Patil sir has had no age-related problems such as blood pressure or diabetes.”
And Patil says, “I am only Class VII pass, but others can learn a lesson or two from my life.”
He has won three assembly elections starting 1957, with a three-decade break from politics along the way. He proudly recalls his first victory, against Ratnakar Kumbhar of the Congress. “Being a socialist and associated with Rashtriya Seval Dal, I was with the Samyukt Maharashtra Samiti. I defeated Kumbhar with a margin of 13,000,” says Patil. He is married to Krishnabai, 85, and has a son, a daughter, and four granddaughters from the son, who himself has gone on to become a grandfather.
After completing his term, Patil took a break from politics and established in 1971 a sugar factory, Shree Datta Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana. He points proudly at a trophy from the National Federation of Cooperative Sugar Factories. Spanning 200 acres, the factory today employs 5,000 people and pays sugarcane farmers Rs 2,500 per quintal. “Our rate is among the highest by any factory in western Maharashtra,” he says, a claim endorsed by MP Raju Shetti of Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna that has been agitating on behalf of cane prices.
Patil returned to politics in 1992 and lost his only Lok Sabha election. In 1999, he became an MLA again by defeating Shyamrao Patil of the NCP. “This was when the Congress had fallen apart, which gave birth to the NCP. These were difficult times for the Congress and I was among the few who withstood the test in western Maharashtra,” he says.
In the last election, Patil defeated Ulhas Patil of the then fledgling Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana.
“A few weeks ago, I spoke to the chief minister about my intention to contest again, but I was not expecting the ticket in view of my age. My supporters, however, got the form and filled it up,” he says.

CDC Officials Discuss First Ebola Case Diagnosed in USSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Heavy Rain and Storms Moving Across Eastern US
EXPLORE.ORG: Underwater Sea Nettles Cam
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

RCom to pare Rs 15 000 cr debt over next 2 yearsHi Guest
RCom to pare Rs 15,000 cr debt over next 2 years
Reliance Communications on Tuesday said it plans to reduce its debt to below Rs 20,000 crore (Rs 200 billion) in the next couple of years and also will roll out 4G services by next fiscal. "We will participate in auctions next year and will be in a position to launch 4G services in 2015," Reliance group chairman Anil Ambani told at the 10th annual general meeting of the company. On the plans to bring down the huge debt pile of over Rs 35,000 crore (Rs 350 billion) of the company, Ambani said, ...

April-August fiscal deficit at 75% of full-year targetApril-August fiscal deficit at 75% of full-year target
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 01, 2014 12:50 AM IST
The central government's fiscal deficit reached 74.9 per cent of the Budget Estimate (BE) for the full financial year of 2014-15 in only the first five months, showed official data issued on Tuesday.
The gap between expenditure and receipts totalled Rs 3.98 crore over the April 1-August 31 period against the Rs 5.31 lakh crore pegged in the Budget for 2014-15.
It is also true that this deficit was 74.6 per cent at this point of time in the previous financial year and the government had managed to rein it at no more than 4.5 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) against the 4.8 per cent estimated in the Budget. However, to do so, it had to drastically cut expenditure, particularly the plan one. Plan expenditure, meant to build for the future, was cut by 18.4 per cent compared to the BE in 2013-14.
The government has pegged the fiscal deficit at 4.1 per cent of GDP in the current financial year. "It is difficult to meet the target," said Devendra Pant, chief economist at India Ratings. At this point, India Ratings believes the deficit will end at 4.3 per cent of GDP in 2014-15.
However, Madan Sabnavis, chief economist at CARE Ratings, said the government could meet the target if disinvestment proceeds are as planned, industrial growth picks up and so on. Otherwise, the government will have to cut expenditure, he added.
The government was able to contain expenditure in April-August, compared to the same months of the previous year; however, revenue, particularly tax collections, have lagged. Total receipts for these five months were Rs 2.75 lakh crore, about 21.7 per cent of the target of Rs 12.64 lakh crore. These accounted for 23 per cent of the BE in the first five months of the previous financial year. Tax collections (net of states' share) were Rs 1.85 lakh crore, about 19 per cent of the BE, against 20.8 per cent for the same months of 2013-14.
Non-tax revenues were Rs 84,996 crore, two-fifth of the BE at Rs 2.12 lakh crore, a bit more than the 39.9 per cent in April-August 2013-14.
Non-debt capital receipts were only Rs 4,334 crore, about 4.9 per cent of the BE at Rs 73,952 crore. Most of the portion under this head is to come from disinvestment, none of which has happened till now.
Expenditure has roughly kept up with that in 2013-14. Total spending has been Rs 6.72 lakh crore in these five months, 37.5 per cent of the BE at Rs 17.94 lakh crore. At this point last year, it was 39.8 per cent. Non-plan expenditure was Rs 4.95 lakh crore, about 40.6 per cent of the target at the time of the Budget presentation, Rs 12.19 lakh core. This was lower than the 43.2 per cent at this point in FY14. Plan expenditure was Rs 1.77 lakh crore, representing 30.9 per cent of the budgeted Rs 5.75 lakh crore. Proportionately, it was 33 per cent at this point last year.
Last week, the government announced it would borrow Rs 8,000 crore less in the second half of the current financial year than planned in the Budget. If so, it is thinking of reining in the fiscal deficit at 4.1 per cent or less.
The Reserve Bank transferred Rs 52,679 crore of surplus to the government for the year ended June. As such, non-tax revenue is forthcoming. If disinvestment also proceeds as budgeted and industrial growth gains momentum, leading to higher taxes, the fiscal deficit target could be met without a cut in expenditure. If not, there would have to be such cuts.
Pant said the disinvestment target of Rs 58,425 crore, coupled with two more advance tax payments by December 15 and March 15, could harden liquidity and one had to see how it went through without disrupting the markets.
On the beneficial side for the government, international crude oil prices have been coming down, reducing its subsidy burden. The government has estimated fuel subsidy at Rs 63,426.95 crore for 2014-15. For the previous year, too, this was pegged at Rs 65,000 crore but had to then be revised to Rs 85,480 crore. The Indian basket of crude oil prices was at $95.26 a barrel as on Monday.

Passport: Best smartphone from BlackberryHi Guest
Passport: Best smartphone from Blackberry
Blackberry's new offering is meant for corporate warriors who want an extension of their office in their pocket, says Abhik Sen. From the moment BlackBerry chief executive officer John Chen held aloft the Passport last week, there was just one question in my mind: Will it fit my medium-sized hands? I had my answer on Monday, when BlackBerry launched its latest flagship device at Rs 49,990 in New Delhi.  The company said Passport will be available for pre-order from Monday till October 10 ...

PayPal to separate from eBay in 2015SAN JOSE, (California), September 30, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 00:12 IST
eBay to spin off PayPal in 2015
AP
Reuters Dan Schulman, the president of the enterprise growth group at American Express, will be the new president at PayPal, effective immediately. File Photo
TOPICS
EBay said that its board decided that the separation was the best path for growth and shareholder value creation for each business.
PayPal is splitting from eBay and will become a separate and publicly traded company next year.
Almost a year after billionaire Carl Icahn opened a proxy fight pushing for the spinoff of PayPal, eBay President and CEO John Donahoe said Tuesday that, “The industry landscape is changing, and each business faces different competitive opportunities and challenges.”
Donahoe will not have a management roll in either company, but will oversee the separation, expected to be completed in the second half of 2015. He may also have a seat on the board at one or both of the boards of the two companies, along with eBay Chief Financial Officer Bob Swan.
EBay, based in San Jose, California, said that the separation was the best path for growth and shareholder value creation for each business.
Mobile payment technology is getting red hot, with Apple’s recent entry into the space. PayPal is available in 203 markets worldwide and is on track to process 1 billion mobile payments in 2014.
“A thorough strategic review with our board shows that keeping eBay and PayPal together beyond 2015 clearly becomes less advantageous to each business strategically and competitively,” Donahoe said.
Shares of eBay soared more than 11 percent to $58.60 before the opening bell, close to its high for the year.
Dan Schulman, an executive at American Express, will be the new president at PayPal, effective immediately. The 56—year—old will become PayPal’s CEO once the separation takes place.
Devin Wenig, currently president of eBay Marketplaces, will become CEO of the new EBay Inc. He will lead the eBay Marketplaces and eBay Enterprise businesses.

Reliance Power plans Rs.50 000-cr investment in phase-IIUpdated: October 1, 2014 00:04 IST
RCom to reduce debt by Rs.15,000 cr.
Lalatendu Mishra
The Hindu Anil Ambani, Chairman, Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, with his wife Tina Ambani and son Jai Anmol Ambani at the group's AGM in Mumbai on Tuesday. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
The company would require Rs.1,000-1,500 crore capital expenditure for sustainable maintenance as major investments have already been made, said Mr. Ambani.
Having received setbacks in gas-based and imported coal-based proposed power plants due to factors beyond its control, Reliance Power has decided to invest Rs.50,000 crore in domestic coal-based thermal, hydro and solar plants in its second phase of growth, company Chairman Anil Ambani said.
Answering shareholders’ questions at the company’s annual general meeting (AGM) here on Tuesday, Mr. Ambani said: “This financial year will mark the end of the completion of our first phase of growth. Our next phase of growth has already been planned. Over the next five financial years, the company contemplates to invest over Rs.50,000 crore on development of new projects, primarily the 4,000 MW Tilaiya UMPP and 40 million tonnes per annum of coal mine with an investment of Rs.40,000 crore and 700 MW Tato hydro project involving Rs.10,000-crore investment and solar projects.”
RCom to reduce debt
Mr. Ambani, who addressed back-to-back AGMs of four Reliance Group companies, said Reliance Communications would bring down its debt below Rs.20,000 crore in the next 24 months from Rs.35,500 crore.
“Non-core businesses like real estate and DTH will be monetised. We are looking at various options to monetise these two assets. One option is demerger of land banks from the company and a separate listing,” Mr. Ambani said.
He said the company would require Rs.1,000-1,500 crore capital expenditure for sustainable maintenance as major investments have already been made.
Reliance Capital
Mr. Ambani told Reliance Capital shareholders that the company would launch more India-focussed funds abroad to attract international capital into the fixed income and equities markets in India.
“We intend to lay greater emphasis on our health insurance business. We intend to grow the health business into a separate company and we want to significantly grow our housing finance business,” Mr. Ambani said adding that the company was awaiting final guidelines from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to evaluate its options in differentiated banking segments.
Reliance Infrastructure
Addressing Reliance Infrastructure shareholders, Mr. Ambani said that the company would triple its cement production capacity to 15 million tonnes per annum in the next three years. “We foresee huge growth in cement consumption at the back of cement concrete roads and renewed impetus to infrastructure investment. Reliance Group will participate in Smart City development projects, which will have power, telecom, EPC and roads as their constituents,” Mr. Ambani added.

Dont blame us for Cong-NCP split: SoniaComments
The alliance with Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in Maharashtra was not broken by Rahul Gandhi, said Congress president Sonia Gandhi, while responding to allegations by NCP chief Sharad Pawar.
On Monday, Pawar had blamed Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi and former Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for the break-up of the 15-year-old alliance. Rebutting Pawar, Sonia Gandhi said, “The alliance did not break due to us. The alliance was not broken by me, or by Rahul Gandhi or by Congress party. We should not be blamed for split”.
Pawar had said, “We have been noticing since long that Rahul Gandhi and his team were trying to marginalise the alliance partners though we also belonged to the Congress school of politics. So we knew that this day will come.”
Sonia, Rahul meet relatives of Nowshera bus accident victims
On Tuesday, Sonia Gandhi, along with Rahul Gandhi visited the border district of Poonch to take stock of situation and distributed relief to flood victims. “Immediately relief work is being undertaken,” she said, adding, “Now the larger question is how to rehabilitate the flood victims, how give them money or space to build new houses and allowances. Now, both state government and the state government will to work together in this situation.”

Why I Collect Racist Ephemerareddit
Image courtesy of Verso Books
I have started to collect racist ephemera -- specifically directed toward Asian immigrants and their American descendants. I mean artifacts in paper such as pamphlets suggesting that Asiatic hordes would invade and take over, posters promoting the Chinese Exclusion Act and the Japanese American internment, documents containing ethnic slurs ("chink," "jap," "gook," "Chinaman," "nip," "slant-eye" and so on), and advertising featuring caricatured images. I would like to frame this propaganda and hang it. Since almost all Asian Americans whom I know, among others, have objected to this endeavor, I would like to explain the point of the project.
My purpose is to provoke. I would like to disrupt our shared comfort. The greater the upset caused by references to the past, the more intense the urge toward action for the future. Memorabilia should be saved for many reasons, and not all of it needs to inspire nostalgia for the past.
My idea comes from a story I read some time back about African Americans who have a similar hobby. It turns out there exist a few, not many but not none, African Americans who search out articles such as lawn jockeys and then display them. (Although the genealogy of the lawn jockey is disputed , the bulk of contemporary opinion deems this piece of Americana to be derogatory toward blacks.)
A colleague of mine who is Caucasian and a librarian (thus in the profession of accumulating objects) said to me she thought a person with this type of mania would appear to be very angry. My sense is just the opposite: just as people who buy a book feel they have acquired its content even if they have not in fact read the pages, a person who possesses racist art gains control over it. The idol loses its power.
As an amateur student of history, as we all are at least as to our own lives, I would like prove the past was what it was. Many people, including Asian Americans themselves, deny that Asians in American, whether new arrivals or native born, now face or for that matter have ever faced significant discrimination rooted in bigotry. They suppose "politically correct" complaints refer to only the expected adjustment that all newcomers have had to make, learning different cultural patterns, nothing more. Asian Americans are too proud to acknowledge once having been victims before becoming successful.
Hardly anybody recalls, for example, the glib xenophobia of Ogden Nash, the best-selling author of light verse (only his accompaniment to Saint-Saens's Carnival of Animals orchestral suite is recited nowadays), or Dr. Seuss, the perennial favorite among children's authors, of The Cat in the Hat and Green Eggs and Ham. They have been whitewashed. Nash described "the Japanese" as "how courteous" as he "grins and bows a friendly bow; so sorry, this is my garden now." Seuss supposedly wrote Horton Hears a Who as an apology of sorts for his earlier anti-Japanese graphics (not archived within Seussville ).
The few items I have purchased -- a union membership booklet with rules prohibiting the patronage of Chinese or Japanese businesses, with signed cards for attendance at meetings, and sheet music with lyrics of mock sing-song broken English -- make an argument more effectively than I ever could advance explicitly. Too rare for my means are the perfect specimens extant: political flyers that directly assert California confronts a choice whether to be reserved for white Christians, against a background depicting the horror of heathen Orientals. The talismans of racism constitute convincing proof.
The hatred of Asians was open, overt, hardcore, egregious, and unembarrassed. And it was racial. It was not simply directed at anybody coming to these shores, since some of its advocates themselves also were foreigners. Nor was it about assimilation. The demand that Asians conform to the majority was accompanied by the declaration that it would be impossible for them to do so; they remained untrustworthy, inscrutable.
I wince whenever someone who intends to be progressive declares that she has a problem with a work of art, because she deems it offensive. So much art is (or was in its own era) transgressive. Attraction and repulsion are bound together.
Those of us who care about civil rights harm our cause by implying that social justice is merely etiquette. It reduces the issue from substance to appearance. What is wrong is equated with what is ugly, and vice versa. Universal principles are overwhelmed by subjective opinions.
Our opponents, after all, take advantage of the same rhetoric. The Nazis judged modernism to be degenerate . (My own aesthetics would not surprise anyone: I am impressed by painters such as Chaim Soutine , who produced garish canvasses of beef carcasses hanging in the butcher's storeroom.)
These perceptions extend beyond tastes. Haters can claim to be offended by interracial couples holding hands. If the test were simply whether an individual has her feelings hurt, and no doubt the observer shocked by love transcending color is genuinely agitated , then their aversion about the effrontery of the act they have witnessed is not subject to refutation. Emotions cannot be denied, because they are by definition beyond reason. If creativity is judged by whether it has avoided giving offense, the racists' sensibilities deserve equal respect to Susan Sontag's essays.
There are risks to reappropriation. Irony is easily misinterpreted. A contemporary print I have purchased, by Roger Shimomura , shows two couples in a Pop Art style. In "Mix and Match," the Caucasian male and Asian female are portrayed as romantic and ideal; the Asian male and Caucasian female are portrayed as disgusting and distressed, respectively.
I am not alone in my enthusiasm. A few years ago, John Kuo Wei Tchen, a professor at New York University, curated an exhibition of this material . Now he, with co-author Dylan Yeats, has published a book entitled Yellow Peril: An Archive of Anti-Asian Fear . They offer details on the exclusive nature of Manifest Destiny. The new world of the nineteenth century drove toward the Pacific but stopped by protecting our side.
Yet our anxieties recur. The concerns about the decline of the West, and the rise of the East, have become acute again. There is another possibility. The differences could cease to be meaningful, as civilizations come together.
The demagogues predicted miscegenation would become the norm. They were right. We could embrace the prospect.
Follow Frank H. Wu on Twitter: www.twitter.com/frankhwu
More:

Does Your Business Know the True Cost of Marketing• Digital Experience
Look In The Mirror
Here are 7 questions I suggest you ask at least once a year. Look in the mirror and answer honestly, because those answers really do matter. Don't wink at yourself thinking you have it all covered. Chances are you won't be so lucky. When I first came up with these seven questions, if I were to quiz myself, I would have failed.
• Out of the seven listed above, which ones do you have most control over?
• Which ones are you pleased with the amount of dollars allocated to that area?
• Which ones are out of control or heading in that direction?
• Are any of these not aligned with your marketing strategy?
• Are you truly assessing the efficiencies or inefficiencies of your marketing?
• What tools should your team use that you are not using currently?
• Is your digital footprint where it needs to be? Why? Why Not?
If you made it this far, congratulations! You're at least trying to figure out how to be more strategic as a marketing leader. Here's my perspective on the hidden cost dilemma. Opportunity costs and misused talent are two that I have experienced in my career that are commonly not considered when the cost of marketing is factored. My suggestion is to take a hard look at both of these to help you really figure out the secret cost. Believe it or not, when you do get close to figuring out what that cost is, the reality will help you determine a plan of action for adjustments.
This process will also provide a new perspective so you can function your marketing department more efficiently. At the end, you will smile because you found the hidden dilemma that most do not take the time or effort to figure out. Congratulations, they keys to unlocking your true marketing potential and discovering your true marketing costs are right in front of you. Now all you have to do is spend some time digging around to find the answer.
Follow Scott MacFarland on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@scmacfarland
More:

Doctors And Hospitals Raking In Billions From Big PharmaDoctors And Hospitals Raking In Billions From Big Pharma, Huge Data Trove Reveals
Reuters
Updated:
09/30/2014  2:59 pm EDT
U.S. doctors and teaching hospitals received $3.5 billion from pharmaceutical companies and medical device makers in the last five months of 2013, according to the most extensive data trove on such payments ever made public. | Reza Estakhrian via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. doctors and teaching hospitals received $3.5 billion from pharmaceutical companies and medical device makers in the last five months of 2013, according to the most extensive data trove on such payments ever made public.
The payments, disclosed by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) on Tuesday, include consulting and speaking fees, travel, meals, entertainment and research grants. The names of the recipients of about 40 percent of the payments reported by companies were withheld because CMS had concerns about data inconsistencies.
A total of 546,000 physicians and 1,360 teaching hospitals received 4.4 million payments from healthcare companies.
The companies were required by President Barack Obama's 2010 healthcare reform law to disclose to the federal government by March all payments of $10 or more to doctors, dentists and other practitioners, as well as to teaching hospitals, for August to December 2013. Even payments that physicians have requested be sent to a charity must be reported.
The American Medical Association and other physician groups had asked CMS to delay the release of the data by six months, saying that errors could create a false impression about the influence of industry on individual doctors.
Both Democratic and Republican lawmakers supported the Physician Payments Sunshine provision, arguing that making industry payments public will increase transparency.
(Reporting by Sharon Begley and M.B. Pell; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)
More:

Modi seeks easier access for Indian services firms to the USHi Guest
Modi seeks easier access for Indian services firms to the US
Expressing confidence that their bilateral economic ties would improve further, Prime Minister Narendra Modi sought easier access for Indian service companies to the US economy during his talks with President Barack Obama. Modi, who has met with a galaxy of American corporate leaders during his five-day visit, also discussed economic as well as WTO issues with Obama. The Prime Minister asked Obama to "take steps whereby our (India's) service companies can get access to the American economy".

Rupee loses 22 paise to end at 7-month low of 61.75Hi Guest
Rupee loses 22 paise to end at 7-month low of 61.75
T he rupee on Tuesday lost 22 paise to end at almost seven-month low of 61.75 against the dollar as month-end demand for the US currency from oil importers weighed on the local unit. Sluggish local equities after the Reserve Bank today kept key rates unchanged in its monetary policy and slowdown in foreign fund inflows put some pressure on the rupee, a forex dealer said. The dollar index was sharply up by 0.60 per cent against a basket of six major global units. It was also up against other ...

Blog: PM should implement visa measures for PIOsBlog: PM should implement visa measures for PIOs
Chinese hit the road for golden weekHalf a billion Chinese plan to travel for ‘golden week’ holiday
By Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/80c3c5e6-4890-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

French broadcasters await Netflix debutFrance broadcasters braced for Netflix debut
By Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d189785c-3aa0-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bouygues to offer Netflix service© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e0f3ade-3ce8-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Private equity-backed flotations surge© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e8e487e-458c-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi reset to US links© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3ec901a-4571-11e4-ab86-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Protest devolves into clash with policeComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Hollywood feels Netflixs cutting edgeHollywood feels Netflix’s cutting edge
By Matthew Garrahan in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6b5e4c36-47ef-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thiel rounds on slacker European techPayPal’s Thiel rounds on European tech entrepreneurs and regulators
By Murad Ahmed and Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/05e1b5b8-4593-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Importance of routine tasksManagers cannot wash their hands of employees’ routine tasks
By Andrew Hill
Some vital skills may atrophy as workers get complacent about technological back-up
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d725b1e-44f0-11e4-9a5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modinomics: no illusionist© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/83fc299c-47f0-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Crouching Tiger   On Demand: Netflix Announces New Playcrouching tiger   on demand: netflix announces new play
Chanel puts on a feminist rally at Paris Fashion WeekFashion
September 30, 2014
Karl Lagerfeld, the creative director of Chanel, often courts controversy with his fashion shows. The Native American-style headdresses he sent down a runway at a Dallas fashion show last year offended some , as did a quilted gold purse shaped like a gas-can in Dubai earlier this year. This morning’s finale to Chanel’s Spring 2015 show at Paris Fashion Week, staged to resemble a feminist rally, was mild compared to some of his previous social commentary.
More important, it was timely and maybe even appropriate—especially given the tenor of the collection itself.
Protest done the Karl Lagerfeld way at @CHANEL #PFW https://t.co/am6uMt40uf
— Vanessa Friedman (@VVFriedman) September 30, 2014
If you ask me, feminism—that is, the belief in the equality of the sexes—is always in fashion. But it seems to be particularly hot right now. Beyoncé gave feminism an endorsement with mass appeal at the MTV Video Music Awards in August; self-avowed feminist Lena Dunham’s first book comes out today; and earlier this month actress Emma Watson addressed the United Nations with a speech to launch  He for She, a campaign that urges men to take up the mantle for gender equality.
Kaiser Karl, who some consider to be a first-class misogynist , may not be the first man that comes to mind for that job, but one of the many signs carried by models in today’s show indeed had the message scrawled across it: He for She. (“Boys should get pregnant too,” read another, perhaps less relevant sign.)
Regardless of whether feminists find Lagerfeld’s show flattering or patronizing, it seems they inspired his designs.
Share
Tap image to zoom
How could you not be inspired? At left, Gloria Steinem, 1973. At right, Chanel Spring 2015.(AP Photo/Richard Drew, AP Photo/Thibault Camus)
Several models wore glasses that unmistakably resembled those worn by Gloria Steinem in the 1970s, and their long, straight, unfussy hair styles recalled the era too. (I contacted Steinem for comment; she declined.)
It was a welcome shift from Chanel’s Autumn/Winter 2014 collection, in my opinion. That show was staged in an artificial supermarket, and the collection included hole-pocked pink leggings, velour jumpsuits, and oversized, soft-shouldered coats that didn’t exactly scream “power dressing.” Frankly, it was kind of ugly.
The clothes on the models who marched “Boulevard Chanel” today, by contrast, included a fair number of pieces this feminist may actually want to wear. A outfit of cuffed pants in soft olive suede with a matching shirt that grazed the thighs was particularly appealing—even with a sprawling butterfly collar.
Share this:

First U.S. case of Ebola confirmedBy Mark Berman , J. Freedom du Lac , Elahe Izadi and Brady Dennis September 30 Follow @markberman Follow @jfdulac Follow @ElaheIzadi Follow @brady_dennis
The director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Thomas Frieden, confirmed on Tuesday the diagnoses of the first case of Ebola in the United States. (AP)
Months after the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history began ravaging West African countries, a man who flew from Liberia to Dallas became the first case of Ebola to be diagnosed in the United States.
Health officials stressed that they are confident they can control this situation and keep the virus from spreading in the U.S.
"We're stopping it in its tracks in this country," Thomas Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, declared during a news conference Tuesday afternoon.
The man who is infected, who was not identified, left Liberia on Sept. 19 and arrived in the U.S. the following day to visit family members. Health officials are working to identify everyone who may have been exposed to this man. Frieden said this covered just a "handful" of people, a group that will be watched for three weeks to see if any symptoms emerge.
"The bottom line here is that I have no doubt that we will control this importation, or this case of Ebola, so that it does not spread widely in this country," Frieden said. "It is certainly possible that someone who had contact with this individual could develop Ebola in the coming weeks. But there is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here."
[RELATED: Investigating Ebola: How contact tracing will work in Texas .]
There were more than 6,500 reported cases of Ebola in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone as of Tuesday, and the crisis has been blamed for more than 3,000 deaths, according to the World Health Organization. Ebola was first identified in 1976, and the current outbreak in West Africa is considered the largest and most complex in the history of the virus, with more cases and deaths than every other outbreak combined.
Extra help arrives to help contain the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, which has claimed more than 3,300 lives. (Reuters)
Until now, the only known cases of Ebola in the U.S. involved American doctors and aid workers who were infected and returned to the country for treatment. One of them, Richard Sacra, was discharged last week from a Nebraska hospital. Days later, the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda admitted an American physician who was exposed to the Ebola virus in Sierra Leone. There were reports of possible Ebola patients in New York , California , New Mexico and Miami , but all of them tested negative for the virus.
The unidentified person with Ebola is being treated in intensive care at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas, according to Edward Goodman, the hospital's epidemiologist.
People who traveled on the same plane as this man are not in danger because he had his temperature checked before the flight and was not symptomatic at the time, Frieden said. Ebola is only contagious if the person has symptoms, and can be spread through bodily fluids or infected animals but not through the air.
"There is zero risk of transmission on the flight," Frieden said.
[RELATED: How do you get Ebola ?]
Still, the fact that the disease has been confirmed on American soil immediately sparked fears in the U.S., turning a public health crisis from a faraway news story to something that makes people reach for Purell and facemasks. But experts said it was impossible to imagine that Ebola, which a CDC estimate projects could infect up to half a million people by January, would remain completely outside the country's borders.
“It was inevitable once the outbreak exploded,” said Thomas Geisbert, a professor at the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston, who has researched the Ebola virus for decades. “Unless you were going to shut down to shut down airports and keep people from leaving [West Africa], it’s hard to stop somebody from getting on a plane.”
But Geisbert quickly underscored how unlikely the virus is to spread in the United States. For starters, he said, officials placed the sick man in quarantine quickly in order to isolate him from potentially infecting others. In addition, health workers are already contacting and monitoring any other people he might have had contact with in recent days.
Two Dallas Fire-Rescue paramedics and one paramedic intern are being monitored for Ebola symptoms after transporting the patient to the hospital. The three EMS workers will remain at home for 21 days, Dallas Fire-Rescue Lt. Joel Lavender said Tuesday night. Their ambulance was decontaminated after they transported the patient, Lavender said.
“The system that was put in place worked the way it was supposed to work,” Geisbert said.
That doesn't guarantee that no one else will get infected, because the sick person could have transmitted the disease to someone else before being isolated. But that approach almost certainly ensures that the United States will quickly contain the disease.
The deadliest Ebola outbreak in history is centered in the West African countries of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea , though there is a separate outbreak in Congo. Unlike in West Africa, where the affected countries have fragile or barely existent health care systems, where people are being turned away from treatment centers, where family members are caring directly with those sick and dying from Ebola, the U.S. is far more equipped to isolate anyone with the virus and provide the highest level of care.
For months, the CDC has been conducting briefings for hospitals and clinicians about the proper protocol for diagnosing patients suspected of having the virus, as well as the kinds of infection control measures to manage hospitalized patients known or suspected of having the disease. Many procedures involve the same types of infection control that major hospitals are already supposed to have in place.
Early recognition is a critical element of infection control. Symptoms include fever greater than 101.5 degrees Fahrenheit, severe headache, muscle pain, vomiting, diarrhea and contact within 21 days before onset of symptoms with the blood or other bodily fluids or human remains of someone known or suspected of having the disease or travel to an area where transmission is active.
The CDC also has scheduled more training for U.S. workers who either plan on volunteering in West Africa or want to be prepared in the event that cases surface at their own hospitals.
President Obama spoke with Frieden on Tuesday afternoon regarding the way the patient is being isolated and the efforts to scour the man's contacts to seek out any potential other cases, the White House said.
Frieden said during the news conference that the man who is infected did not develop symptoms until about four days after arriving in the country. This man sought medical treatment on Friday, two days after symptoms developed, but was evaluated and released. He was admitted to the hospital on Sunday before being placed into isolation. Frieden, who would not say if the man was a U.S. citizen, said the man is not believed to have been working as part of the response to the Ebola outbreak.
David Lakey, head of the Texas Department of Health Services, said the state's laboratory in Austin, Tex., received a blood sample from the patient on Tuesday morning and confirmed the presence of Ebola several hours later. This laboratory was certified to do Ebola testing last month.
Here is a video showing how the Ebola virus works:
As the worst Ebola outbreak in history unfolds in West Africa, The Post's Joel Achenbach explains how the deadly virus wreaks havoc on the human body. (Davin Coburn/The Washington Post)
And here is more on the spread:
Sarah Larimer, Todd C. Frankel and Lena Sun contributed to this report.
[This post has been updated multiple times.]
* * *

Bankers rule out slashing lending  deposit ratesHi Guest
Bankers rule out slashing lending, deposit rates
Bankers have ruled out lowering deposit and lending rates in the near future after the Reserve Bank left all the key policy rates unchanged on enduring worries on inflation front. While large banks skirted a direct answer on repricing of assets or liabilities, Bank of India head V R Iyer was very forthcoming, saying there is no room for any rate cut soon. "We do not expect any movement in interest rates in near future as a consequence of policy measures," Iyer said. On deposit rates, Chanda ...

Netflix in deal with BT-backed YouView© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/817d0758-47f6-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Netflix  Eurovision© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/34232be8-3e34-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Toyota to recall 6.4m vehiclesToyota suffers fresh reputational blow with 6.4m vehicle recall
By Jennifer Thompson in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2fde9010-bfac-11e3-b6e8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Elahe Izadi  Mark Berman and J. Freedom du LacIt all comes down to this for Cary Agos.
Nov 23, 2014
It’s a long list.
Nov 23, 2014
Iggy Azalea leads with six nominations.
Nov 23, 2014
Two casinos will no longer feature performances by the comedian, who is under fire for multiple allegations of sexual assault.
Nov 21, 2014
“It’s not an exaggeration to say he has the biggest decisions of his life to make in this episode.”
Nov 21, 2014
The pals plugged Stewart’s new movie but also had a real emotional moment during one of Colbert’s last episodes.
Nov 21, 2014
Just in case you don’t have time to catch up on the two-and-a-half-hour second movie.
Nov 21, 2014
The “Lemony Snicket” author’s riff about an African-American writer did not go over well.
Nov 20, 2014
After NBC fired a top executive this week, rumors about the show heated up into a frenzy.
Nov 20, 2014
Think your beloved TV show is dead? Netflix is on it!
Nov 19, 2014
Load More
About
Emily Yahr is an entertainment reporter and pop culture blogger for the Style section. She joined the Post in May 2008, a week before she graduated from the University of Maryland, and worked on Lisa de Moraes' TV Column and blog . Originally from Cleveland, Emily has previously written for the Boston Globe, USA Today, Lexington (Ky.) Herald-Leader and the American Journalism Review.
Most Read

Texas Hospital Officials Give Update on Patient Diagnosed With EbolaSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
RADAR: Heavy Rain and Storms Moving Across Eastern US
EXPLORE.ORG: Underwater Sea Nettles Cam
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

PM Modi extends invitation to U.S. President Obama to visit IndiaPM Modi extends invitation to U.S. President Obama to visit India
Kudos to RBI for moving ahead with effective communicationKudos to RBI for moving ahead with effective communication
Energy  materials shares drag market lowerEnergy  materials shares drag market lower
Govt launches Rs 1 000 minimum pension across the countryGovt launches Rs 1 000 minimum pension across the country
Six jobs with the maximum growth potential in IndiaSix fastest growing careers in India
CareerBuilder –  Tue 23 Sep, 2014 5:42 PM IST
Related Content
View Gallery
Best jobs in India for lazy people
You want to know about the most wanted careers in India? The job market right now is a little awry, but it would soon get back with promising careers for the coming generation of geniuses.
Here is a peek into the future jobs with the maximum growth potential in the Indian market-
1- Event Manager- India has become a global arena for a myriad of events, meetings and conferences held every day across the country. If you are one of those pursuing a degree in communication, hospitality or public relations this is the place for you. The subcontinent is abuzz with new event management companies entering the industry by the minute and creating jobs, the jobs therefore, are plenty.
Annual salary- 1.35 – 8.17 lakhs per annum
2- Analytics Professional- Analytics is a profession which spans across various industries from healthcare, banks, e-commerce and marketing to information technology and biotechnology. It involves analyzing business strategy and devising or streamlining the organizational structure. All business want to stay ahead of their competition, this very factor creates jobs for the analytics professionals. A Bachelors or a Masters degree in business or finance is required.
Annual salary- 1.79 lakhs to 9.80 lakhs per annum.
3 R&D Professionals: Research and Development is a progressive field in India. R&D professionals are engineering technicians, who use their knowledge to assist engineers and other scientists to create, design and construct new products or equipments that will be then marketed and sold to the consumers or specific industries. R&D professionals are also responsible for testing and conducting experiments on the product, bringing together data and recording outcomes, to spot if the product is operational or would it be profitable.
Annual Salary- 3 lakhs to 30 lakhs per annum.
4 Interior Designer: A new house needs building and designing, both these tasks were completed by contractors in old days. The scenario is changing with time, as people are employing interior designers to add a touch of beauty to houses and make them tastefully theirs. You can work under an agency, open your own or simply work as a freelance interior designer, it’s pretty flexible.
Annual salary (greatly varies) estimate- 91,000 – 5, 58,000 per annum.
5 Civil Services: India is on the brink of change and the change maker is the young generation. One of the most sought after careers in India, civil services provides you with a platform to make a difference. A public sector profession it makes for one of the most well paying jobs in India. All you need to do is clear All India Examination for Civil Services, which is said to be a tough nut to crack.
6 Medical Professionals: There is a perpetual demand for doctors and specialized physicians; they are needed all the time no matter where the national economy is going. A doctor gets astonishing returns depending on his qualification. Surgeons earn the highest as they come with higher degrees and specialized practical experience.
The average salary estimate is around 1.30 lakhs to 12 lakhs per annum.
Are you planning to be any of the above?
CareerBuilder is the global leader in human capital solutions, helping companies target and attract their most important asset – their people. CareerBuilder’s team of career advisers, editors and writers are experts in job search strategy, career management, hiring trends and workplace issues. Get daily job advice on www.thecareermuse.co.in, follow CareerBuilder on Twitter at www.twitter.com/careerbuilderin and become a fan of CareerBuilder on www.facebook.com/careerbuilderindia
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Quiz: How well do you know India's economy?
Question 1
Which of these products is India the world's largest producer of?
Poll Choice Options

BSE to Auction Government Bonds Worth Rs 4 176 Crore on WednesdayYou are here: Home Bonds
BSE to Auction Government Bonds Worth Rs 4,176 Crore on Wednesday
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 30, 2014 14:50 (IST)
IFC Sells Rupee Bonds, Raises Rs 1,000 Crore for Axis Bank
New Delhi: Leading stock exchange BSE will auction tomorrow government debt securities worth Rs 4,176 crore for overseas investors.
The auction would be conducted for overseas investors at BSE's ebidxchange platform for government debt securities, as per information provided by the bourse.
"Live bidding session for allocation of debt investment limits for FII (Foreign Institutional Investors)and Sub-accounts shall be conducted on Wednesday, October 1, 2014 on exchange's 'ebidxchange'," BSE said in a circular issued today.
The debt auction quotas give overseas investors the right to invest in debt up to the limit purchased.
The auction will begin at 1530 hours and close at 1730 hours. A mock bidding session would be conducted today to check the system performance.
In the auction conducted by National Stock Exchange earlier this month, government bond had attracted bids worth Rs 4,963 crore, against such securities valued Rs 3,117 crore on offer.
Foreign investors have invested a net amount of over Rs 1.2 lakh crore in debt market so far in 2014. Equity market has also seen similar trends with overseas fund inflow of over Rs 83,000 crore since the beginning of the year.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 14:49 (IST)

US to Help India Develop Three Smart CitiesYou are here: Home Economy
US to Help India Develop Three Smart Cities
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 02:12 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Washington: The US will help India in developing three smart cities in Allahabad, Ajmer and Visakhapatnam apart from joining coordinated efforts with civil society and local authorities to provide clean water and sewage facilities in 500 cities in the country.
This announcement was made after the talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama in Washington on Tuesday.
The Indian government plans to develop 100 smart cities and in this regard, an allocation of Rs 7,060 crore has been proposed in the Union Budget.
While presenting the Budget for 2014-15, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said the Prime Minister has a vision of developing 100 smart cities as satellite towns of larger cities and by modernising the existing mid-sized cities.
"With development reaching an increasingly large number of people, the pace of migration from the rural areas to the cities is increasing," the Finance Minister had said.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 00:46 (IST)

How To Avoid The Payday Loan Debt Cyclereddit
By Jocelyn Baird, NextAdvisor.com
Emergencies happen whether we plan for them or not -- that's why they're called emergencies. When your car breaks down or an illness lands you in the doctor's office, your financial situation can go from precarious to dire in an instant. This is especially true for low-income households, which often live paycheck-to-paycheck, but the unexpected can sneak up on anyone. What do you do when disaster strikes and you can't afford to pay the difference?
Many find themselves lured by payday loans
Payday loans are often advertised as quick fixes for dire emergencies. Those living in low-income areas and military bases are the industry's biggest target customer base. However, these loans are not only used for one-time situations. The Pew Charity Trust " Payday Lending in America " study found that more than 60 percent of payday loans are used to cover ordinary living expenses, such as groceries or utilities.
The premise is simple: borrow the amount you need plus a fee per $100 borrowed now, pay it back when your next paycheck arrives. Unfortunately, what often ends up happening is that the borrower can't pay back the amount borrowed within 14 days. The options are to default on the loan and run the risk of getting sent to collections and damaging your credit, or renew the loan (also known as "rolling over"). When the loan is renewed or rolled over, an additional fee is added on top of what you already owed. Thus begins the financially destructive payday loan debt cycle. What seems like a quick fix is actually anything but that.
Nearly 80 percent of payday loans roll over
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau released the results of a study in March 2014 that shed some light on payday lending. The findings are sobering. Four out of five payday loans are rolled over or renewed in 14 days -- that's a staggering 80 percent rollover rate. In addition, only 15 percent of borrowers pay it off on time without taking out another loan during that 14-day period. This series of loans, which can be called a cycle of debt, is known in the industry as a loan sequence. The CFPB also found that most of these loan sequences end with a payment that is just as high, or sometimes higher, than the original loan payment.
How can I avoid this debt cycle?
Considering a payday loan but concerned about these statistics? We can offer some tips for keeping yourself out of this destructive debt cycle.
1. Explore your other options first
"Don't take out a payday loan" may seem like an obvious suggestion, but it is the best way you can avoid this problem. If you're strapped because of an emergency or even a miscalculation in your monthly budget, try to see if you can find a way to stretch your finances until payday. Perhaps you can borrow some money from a friend or a family member or cut out some unnecessary expenses. Afraid you can't make a bill payment? Many companies will work with you and extend your payment due date or let you make a series of smaller payments.
Another option is to adjust your tax withholdings. Do you usually receive a large refund at tax time? If so, you should take a look at how much is being withheld from your check every pay period. Making a change to this could mean more income each pay period, which will help your current financial situation far more than a large sum on a faraway date.
2. Consider another type of loan
Payday loans are attractive because they are smaller and easy to get no matter what kind of credit you have. However, the high price paid by the fees usually negates the convenience, especially when you consider that the average borrower requires five months to pay off a single-repayment loan. If you really find yourself needing money, it may be more advantageous to take out a personal loan . These loans are made through reputable financial institutions and typically come with fixed rates. This means that the interest rate you start with remains the same throughout the duration of the loan -- meaning the first payment will be the same as the last. It is not as easy to get a personal loan if you have poor credit, but some personal loan services do offer loans to those whose credit isn't that great. You might have a longer repayment period, but a fixed interest rate means you won't end up paying more than you bargained for in the end.
3. Borrow from a reputable service
So you've exhausted your resources and are still coming up dry. If you have to take a loan, be sure to make sure the source has a good reputation. This can be difficult to figure out since payday loans are predatory by nature, but there is a difference between a regular payday loan service and a payday loan scam . When it comes to recommending lenders, one of the best options is LendUp, which is designed to help borrowers learn responsible lending habits and not get caught in a never-ending debt cycle.
4. Know your rights
Laws regarding payday lending differ state-to-state. A little online research will show you what the laws are in your state. Read this information carefully before you even approach a lender. For example, of the 36 states in the country that allow payday loan services to operate, 27 allow single-repayment loans with APRs of 391 percent or higher, while the remaining nine states place more strict requirements on lenders. It is good to know what the laws are in your state so you can ensure you are not being taken advantage of illegally. Having this knowledge on your side will make interactions with lenders easier.
It is also important to read any paperwork you sign thoroughly beforehand -- this can help prevent any hidden fees from cropping up and surprising you down the road when you are trying to get out of debt.
5. Beware of overdrafting your checking account
One of the biggest downfalls for payday loan borrowers is the risk of overdrafting your bank account. Keep track of any checks you write to a payday lender and know what date the check is going to be cashed, or at least the date you wrote on the check. Should a check go through without enough money in your account to cover it, not only do you run the risk of a bounced check fee, but you also will have to pay an overdraft fee to your bank. That's a double whammy and the opposite of what you want if you're trying to get back on track financially.
There's no such thing as a quick fix
Many states are now cracking down on payday lenders and working to push through laws that will help make these loans safer for borrowers. However, whether or not you live in a state with strict regulations, the high fees and interest rates of these loans make it easy to fall into a never-ending debt cycle. It is important to remember that there is no such thing as a quick fix when it comes to financial trouble. If you think a payday loan is your best option, read these payday loan reviews to learn about which lenders are available in your state and see how they compare to one another.
Close

Wall Street Ends Down for Day  Month; Indices Gain in QuarterYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Ends Down for Day, Month; Indices Gain in Quarter
Reuters | Updated On: October 01, 2014 02:32 (IST)
New York: US stocks slipped on Tuesday, dragged down by energy and materials shares as economic data disappointed.
Major indexes also posted losses for the month, but ended the quarter with gains.
The S&P energy index was down 1.2 per cent on Tuesday following a more than 3 per cent drop in US oil prices. The S&P materials index also fell 1.2 per cent. Shares of Chevron, down 1 per cent at $119.32, were the biggest drag on the S&P 500.
The Thomson Reuters Jefferies CRB commodity index ended down 1.6 per cent, its largest daily decline since June 2013.
EBay, up 7.5 per cent at $56.63, was the S&P 500's biggest percentage gainer for the day, helping to limit losses. The company announced a plan to spin off its PayPal unit.
US consumer confidence fell in September for the first time in five months and home prices in July rose less than expected from a year earlier, underscoring the unsteady nature of US growth.
Analysts are skeptical of how many more gains are in store for the market this year, with the S&P 500 up 6.7 per cent since December 31 and third-quarter earnings still ahead.
"The market continues to be very resilient, but it's a monster market. I think you could have a weaker fourth quarter than you've gotten used to, and I think we've made our highs for the year already," said Uri Landesman, president at Platinum Partners in New York.
Apple shares rose 0.6 per cent to $100.75 after China approved iPhone 6 sales to begin October 17.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 28.32 points, or 0.17 per cent, to 17,042.9.
The S&P 500 lost 5.51 points, or 0.28 per cent, to 1,972.29.
The Nasdaq Composite dropped 12.46 points, or 0.28 per cent, to 4,493.39.
For the month, the Dow was down 0.3 per cent, the S&P 500 was down 1.5 per cent and the Nasdaq was down 1.9 per cent. For the quarter, the Dow rose 1.3 per cent, the S&P 500 gained 0.6 percent, and the Nasdaq climbed 1.9 per cent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Ford Motor, down 2.12 per cent to $14.79, a day after its disappointing profit forecast.
Besides eBay and Apple, the most actively traded stocks on Nasdaq included Move Inc, up 37.1 per cent at $20.96.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,942 to 1,133, for a 1.71-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,864 issues fell and 824 advanced for a 2.26-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted 15 new 52-week highs and 18 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 42 new highs and 138 new lows.
About 7.2 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, above the 6.1 billion average for the last five sessions, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 02:30 (IST)

India s food security concern at WTO needs solution: ModiHi Guest
India's food security concern at WTO needs solution: Modi
U.S. President Barack Obama smiles as he hosts a meeting with India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington. Photograph: Paresh Gandhi/Rediff.com Emphasising that India supports trade facilitation, Prime Minister Narendra Modi told US President Barack Obama that a solution must be found on its concerns over food security at the WTO. Modi had an "open discussion" on WTO (World Trade Organisation) issue with Obama during their summit talks where a ...

Saudi Arabia in denial over Isis ideologySaudi Arabia ‘in denial’ over Isis ideology
By Heba Saleh in Cairo and Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ae16214c-47c3-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spend more to beat IsisSeptember 30, 2014 10:11 am
America can only beat Isis by spending more on defence
By Martin Feldstein
Misguided policy means our enemies don’t fear us and friends don’t trust us, says Martin Feldstein
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f687828-47fe-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gates Praises Boost in Philanthropy  Pledges $50M Ebola AidGates Praises Boost in Philanthropy, Pledges $50M Ebola Aid
 
By ABC News
Sep 30, 2014 6:35pm
As the world lauded Bill Gates’ foundation for its largest humanitarian pledge ever — $50 million to help in the fight against the spread of Ebola in West Africa — the wealthiest man in America expressed excitement over the rise of philanthropy among the young, rich and successful.
“I see more and more [philanthropists] every year. … You know, our view is that you shouldn’t wait until you’re just on your deathbed,” he told ABC News, “you should use your talent to help. … To be smart about philanthropy.”
Related: Drug shares jump after news of first US Ebola case.
Gates, ranked by Forbes recently as the wealthiest man in the US for the 21st straight year with a net worth of $81 billion, called the $50 million donation the foundation’s “biggest emergency grant ever.”
“It is a very tough situation we’re in right now — an infectious disease gets into an urban area,” he said. “You have the horrific fact that people are dying of Ebola but also the whole health system is shut down. … So it’s going to take a while there, first getting on top of Ebola , and then restoring a good health system.”
Gates said he hoped the move, coupled with the US response and aid, would help the medical community finally get hold of the epidemic.
At least 2,909 in West Africa have died from the Ebola virus and at least 3,000 more have been infected, according to the World Health Organization.
The US government committed at least $175 million and the US military plans to give $500 million in “humanitarian assistance” that would be redirected from its budget.
In addition, almost 3,000 American troops have been mobilized to offer support to field hospitals and training facilities for health employees.
With the $50 million pledge, monies are expected to be released in “flexible funds” to UN agencies and global organizations that can purchase medical supplies and support facilities treating the outbreak.
“Everybody’s stepping up — the UK, France — but the US most of all,” Gates said. “A lot of countries. A lot of people. A lot of heroes [are] stepping up to help out.”

Hong Kong protesters stockpile supplies  fear fresh police advanceHong Kong protesters stockpile supplies  fear fresh police advance
Apple to start selling new iPhones in China from October 17Apple to start selling new iPhones in China from October 17
Japan s industrial output slumpsJapan s industrial output slumps
Six per cent inflation is achievableSix per cent inflation is achievable
RBI raises share of govt bonds to meet liquidity normsRBI raises share of govt bonds to meet liquidity norms
Modi  Obama hit it off  to reset tiesModi  Obama hit it off  to reset ties
Microsoft skips Windows 9  unveils 10 to emphasize advancesMicrosoft skips Windows 9  unveils 10 to emphasize advances
RBI holds key rates  policy to be inflation-data drivenRBI holds key rates  policy to be inflation-data driven
Blackstone buys 2 IDFC Alternatives office parks for Rs 900 crBlackstone buys 2 IDFC Alternatives office parks for Rs 900 cr
I Made This Video to Capture How My Generation Feels About Climate Change (NSFW)reddit
I'm a singer and model, and my job is to look beautiful, sound beautiful and make people's hearts beat faster. I am also a climate change activist.
You might think that my work as an activist would be really different from my work as a singer and model. That as an activist, I would need to be earnest, worthy and wholesome.
You would be wrong. The activism I'm involved in is trying to be just as hot, just as gorgeous and just as thrilling as a catwalk show or mind-blowing gig. I am this kind of an activist because I think we need to make the fight for the future an emotional one. That we need to be as excited about it as we are about an image of a hot model or our favorite song. That fighting to stop climate change needs to feel like the best party we've ever been to.
My generation is going to have its future destroyed by the melting icecaps, the weird weather, the crops that will fail and the millions of people who will get pushed across borders in the hunt for shelter, water and food. But we don't feel that yet. The threat feels distant. It feels like just another one of those earnest, worthy issues we read about and feel sad or mad about for an instant on whatever our favorite social media feed of the moment happens to be. It feels like a meme on Instagram, a scary post on Tumblr. It doesn't feel like a threat to everything. And it doesn't feel like something our friends are excited about or something we need to rise up and fight together.
I think we need to change this. And if we are going to change it, emotion and beauty need to be right at the heart of our work. That is why there is really no difference between my work as a model, singer or activist. I want to make hearts beat faster to make people feel something deep about what is happening to their planet as greenhouse gases build up in the atmosphere and change the way everything works.
Last week thousands of young people joined the People's Climate March in New York and other cities across the planet.  I really hope that this is the beginning of something even bigger -- of a movement that will see my generation rising up and using our creativity and energy and lust for life -- and our amazing, unprecedented connectedness -- to come together and force the politicians to do what we need them to if they are going to save our future.
I think our crazy obsession with social media should be at the heart of this movement. Because Instagram isn't just for photos of your lunch, Tinder isn't just for hooking up, Snapchat isn't just for making your friends laugh, YouTube isn't just entertainment. If you think about it -- at their core these are all amazing new ways of connecting with other people -- people we know and people we haven't ever met.  And if we can find ways of using these virtual places that we spend so much of our time hanging out in to connect around an uprising to save the future then I think we could be onto something. But if that's going to work then there's no question - the uprising needs to look hot and it needs to feel like something that everyone is going to get kudos for getting involved with.
In London, I recently made this video in a beat up old studio with my friends from The Future. It is our attempt -- using no words, just my body and a baseball cap made of ice -- to capture what we think our generation is feeling about climate change: vulnerable, confused, dismayed and helpless. But it is also an attempt to capture people's attention by moving them, turning them on and getting them to feel something about this terrifying, thrilling challenge to us all.
We hope you like it, and that it makes your heart beat faster. If it does, I'll know that having an ice headache for a few days was totally worth it.
This post is part of a month-long series produced by The Huffington Post in conjunction with a variety of events being held in September recognizing the threats posed by climate change. Those events include the UN's Climate Summit 2014 (that was held Sept. 23, 2014, at UN headquarters in New York) and Climate Week NYC (Sept. 22-28, 2014, throughout New York City). To see all the posts in the series, read here .
More:

Netanyahu briefs Modi on Islamic StateNEW YORK, September 30, 2014
Updated: September 30, 2014 02:03 IST
Netanyahu briefs Modi on Islamic State
Suhasini Haidar
India
This is the first meeting between Indian and Israeli Prime Ministers in more than a decade
In the first meeting between Indian and Israeli Prime Ministers in more than a decade, Prime Minister Narendra Modi asked Benjamin Netanyahu to explain Israel’s perspective on the Islamic State.
According to the Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin, the two leaders discussed the situation in West Asia. “Given that Israel is well placed in that region, the Prime Minister requested and was given a briefing of their understanding of the situation.”
The conversation assumes significance as it came before Mr. Modi’s dinner meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington, and the Prime Minister’s address to the Council for Foreign Relations to outline his government’s foreign policy objectives. Mr. Modi and Mr. Netanyahu also discussed ways of increasing bilateral ties in several areas.

 RBI Chief Says on Course to Reach Inflation TargetsYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Chief Says on Course to Reach Inflation Targets
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 12:10 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Mumbai: India's economy is currently positioned to reach Reserve Bank of India's 6 per cent inflation target by January 2016, but there is a lot more confidence about reaching a near-term target of 8 per cent by January next year, Governor Raghuram Rajan said after a policy review on Tuesday.
The RBI kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8.0 per cent as widely expected, while expressing concerns about risks to its target to bring consumer inflation down to 6 per cent by January 2016.
Turning to regulatory issues, Dr Rajan said the central bank is in the process of modifying the definition of "wilful defaulters" so that company directors are culpable.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Petrol price cut; diesel rate to wait for PM s returnHi Guest
Petrol price cut; diesel rate to wait for PM's return
Petrol price was cut by 54 paisa (excluding duties) a litre, but the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years was put off until the return of Prime Minister Narendra Modi from the US. State-owned oil firms, which skipped raising rates on September 16 even though their cost had gone up, cut prices in view of the downward trend in international markets. Petrol price was reduced by 54 paisa a litre without including local sales tax or VAT, with effect from midnight tonight. After ...

How do you get EbolaBy Sarah Larimer October 3 Follow @slarimer
The director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Thomas Frieden, confirmed on Tuesday the diagnoses of the first case of Ebola in the United States. (AP)
This week we've learned more details about Thomas Eric Duncan, the man being treated for Ebola in a Texas hospital . There are still a lot of questions about the case and how the illness spreads, though, so we'll try to clear that up here.
Am I going to get Ebola?
It's  highly unlikely . But officials are still being very cautious about this infection, the first case diagnosed in the United States, and say several people might have encountered Duncan before he was admitted to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital.
How many people?
Health officials say they are investigating about 100 people who might have come in contact with Duncan, who traveled to the United States from Liberia,  a West African country that's been ravaged by Ebola . Duncan left Liberia on Sept. 19 and arrived in Dallas on Sept. 20 after a connection at Dulles International Airport near Washington. Earlier this week, officials said 12 to 18 people might have interacted with him after he became symptomatic, including five children who attend four different schools.
What if I was on the plane with Duncan? Or in the airport?
Ebola spreads through the transmission of bodily fluids, like blood or vomit, so simply breathing the same air as Duncan wouldn't lead to an infection. And Ebola patients aren't contagious until symptoms develop. Duncan didn't start showing signs of an infection until days after he arrived in the United States.
"There is zero risk of transmission on the flight," Thomas Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said earlier this week .
Is it troubling that he wasn't hospitalized faster?
A hospital official did say Duncan should have been isolated sooner, when he first sought care at the medical center. (He was given antibiotics and sent home.) Officials are now working to find everyone who encountered Duncan. That's a process called contact tracing .
“We are working from a list of about 100 potential or so possible contacts and will soon have an official contact tracing number that will be lower,” Texas Department of State Health Services spokeswoman Carrie Williams said in a statement. “Out of an abundance of caution, we’re starting with this very wide net, including people who have had even brief encounters with the patient or the patient’s home. The number will drop as we focus in on those whose contact may represent a potential risk of infection.”
This video explains Ebola and how it spreads.
The number of people being monitored for symptoms of Ebola in the U.S. is growing. Here's how the virus spreads and how contact tracing works to stop outbreaks. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
According to the CDC , Ebola spreads through the contact of bodily fluids.
That includes:

Food inflation main obstacle to RBI s rate cut decisionFood inflation main obstacle to RBI s rate cut decision
India  US agree to renew defence pactIndia  US agree to renew defence pact
New confidence  new excitement in India-US ties: ModiNew confidence  new excitement in India-US ties: Modi
Unilever COO Harish Manwani to retire on 31 DecemberUnilever COO Harish Manwani to retire on 31 December
Food inflation key determinant: Samiran ChakrabortyFood inflation key determinant: Samiran Chakraborty
Wall Street Flat as Energy  Materials Offset Tech GainsWall Street Flat as Energy  Materials Offset Tech Gains
Taking back PakistanMy country continues to sink in various global ratings — of poverty, women’s rights and education.
Posted: September 30, 2014 12:14 am
BY: Muhammad Tahirul Qadri
Change will never come through the present system. The only way forward is a peaceful revolution.
Pakistan’s founder, Muhammad Ali Jinnah, spoke of his vision for a state in which “we could live and breathe as free men and which we could develop according to our own lights and culture and where principles of Islamic social justice could find free play”. Sadly, his dream was never realised. Pakistan remains a place where freedom and social justice are as unattainable for the masses as basic needs like food, clean water and education.
My country continues to sink in various global ratings — of poverty, women’s rights and education. We have the second highest number of children — more than five million — not in school, and the World Economic Forum ranked Pakistan as one of the most dangerous countries on the planet, behind only Yemen and Libya: At least 40,000 people have died in terrorist attacks over the last 15 years, yet Pakistan has a dismal record of prosecuting and convicting terrorism suspects. The situation is simply unsustainable. Things must change.
On June 17, soon after I announced that I was returning from Canada to Pakistan to campaign for a peaceful popular revolution, the Punjab authorities sent the provincial police to remove security barriers outside my house. (These had been placed there four years earlier on the orders of the Lahore High Court, following threats to my life after I wrote “The Fatwa on Suicide Bombings and Terrorism”, a treatise that disputes the ideology of al-Qaeda and demonstrates that terrorism is un-Islamic.)
When my supporters resisted this action, the police opened fire, killing 14 campaign workers and wounding 80. The brutal and indiscriminate way that the police shot at my workers, which I also regard as tantamount to an assassination attempt on my family, was reported by independent television channels.
A judicial commission ordered by the chief minister of Punjab, Shahbaz Sharif, who is a brother of Pakistan’s prime minister, Nawaz Sharif, found that senior members of the administration were responsible for the attack. The prime minister himself, as well as his brother, have been named as murder suspects. As yet, however, no one has been held to account.
But this is Pakistan, a country where there is one law for the rich and powerful, another for the poor and vulnerable; where rigged elections have replaced one dynasty of kleptocrats with another. As the United States department of state reported, Pakistan’s elite is steeped in corruption and nepotism. Accused of kickbacks on infrastructure projects, continued…
I want constitutional, political, judicial and electoral reforms that would deliver a true participatory democracy.

To Supreme Court  with anger  pain and shameHow logically valid is the legal judgment reached by the three honourable and learned SC justices? The short answer: not very, because the judgment, in my not so learned opinion, is flawed on several important dimensions.
Written by Surjit S Bhalla | Posted: September 30, 2014 12:20 am
A rose by any other name is still a rose; an illogical act by any other name is still an illogical act.
The recent decision of the Supreme Court to deliver coal black justice raises a lot of questions. The judgment, very simply, is as follows. The SC has ruled that 214 of the 218 coal block allocations made since 1993 were arbitrary and illegal and hence, are cancelled; those who operated these cancelled mines over the last 20 years will now have to pay a fine of Rs 295 per metric tonne. Estimates are that to date, about 302 million metric tonnes (mmt) of coal has been produced by these bad and illegal operators and therefore, about Rs 8,900 crore is owed to the government.
How logically valid is the legal judgment reached by the three honourable and learned SC justices? The short answer: not very, because the judgment, in my not so learned opinion, is flawed on several important dimensions.
At a seminar on “Financing for Economic Growth” held at Gandhinagar on September 25, I opened my remarks by stating that it was a waste of time by the organisers to invite me and other experts to discuss economic issues. Over the last few years, it has become increasingly clear that the real experts on food policy, human rights and coal policy (to name a few) reside neither in the corridors of academia nor in the corridors walked by professionals, bureaucrats or politicians. The real decision-makers are those engaged with the law, so why not learn about optimal, fair and legal policy by inviting the SC to send its representatives? I hope the organisers will take this serious suggestion seriously.
In anger
Some basic questions with regard to the judgment. This is the mother of all retrospective laws — to go all the way back to 1993 takes a lot of confidence and leaps of law. Does India have no statute of limitations? How far back can one go? The court states, citing a bad law (the Coal Mines Nationalisation Amendment Act 1976, or the CMNA) that the provision of a mining lease to any institution that is not “Central government, Central government company or Central government corporation” is illegal. This despite the fact that in 1993, the CMNA was amended to allow for sub-leases to be granted if two conditions are satisfied: “(i) the reserves of coal in the area are in isolated small pockets or are not sufficient for scientific and economical development in a coordinated and integrated manner, continued…
What legal basis is there for deciding that all coal allocations since 1993 are illegal? If the illegality was of such a magnitude, then how is it possible that no one noticed it for 20 long years? If these actions were illegal, what about the ministers and senior bureaucrats who okayed this decision? What is the punishment for them?

Let the river take its courseLet us promote navigation on the Ganga to the extent that the natural flow of the river allows it.
Written by Ramaswamy R Iyer | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:10 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 7:32 am
Soon after the prime minister assumed office, he added “Ganga rejuvenation” to the name of the ministry of water resources. But if the Ganga waterway project, much favoured by Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari, is implemented, the river, far from being rejuvenated, will cease to exist.
The multiple barrages that the project envisages would turn the free-flowing river into a series of ponds or lakes linked by channels controlled by a system of locks. The Ganga would become a medium for navigation alone and would cease to perform any of the other functions of a river.
The barrages would serve as barriers to the movement of fish, which would be decimated. In the absence of fish, aquatic birds would lose their source of food and go elsewhere. There could be a serious loss of biodiversity. The already threatened Gangetic dolphin could disappear altogether. Fisherfolk would lose their livelihoods. While the system of locks might facilitate the movement of medium-size ships, traditional boat people would no longer be able to ply their boats freely. Their livelihoods, too, would be threatened.
The transportation of sediment is a major feature of Himalayan rivers. One definite consequence of a barrage would be to trap sediment. This is already happening at the Farakka barrage. If the proposed project goes through, this would happen at each of its several barrages. This could have two consequences: one, the flow of nutrients would stop. This would adversely affect aquatic life, if any, downstream and deprive marine life at the estuary of food. Two, the land-building activity at the estuary would be badly affected, leading to a deterioration in its health.
The interaction between fresh and saline water at the estuary may also be affected. The resistance to the incursion of salinity from the sea might be weakened and the coastal mangrove systems and wetlands may be adversely affected by the change in the freshwater-saline water balance. Moreover, the flow of water into the Bay of Bengal may be affected, and this could have an impact on the monsoon.
The Farakka experience suggests that a barrage on the Ganga would result in serious bank erosion, necessitating an annual maintenance budget that could quickly exceed the original project cost. Moreover, a series of barrages would obstruct the passage of heavy floods when they occur, as they will. This is a dangerous game to play with a mighty river. Even if the gates of all the barrages are kept open, the situation would not be the same as with a free-flowing river and an unencroached on floodplain.
Besides, the sedimentation problem would necessitate continuous dredging at each of the barrages, which would be an enormously costly proposition. The disposal of the dredged material would present difficulties, too. If it is continued…

Non-subsidised LPG cylinder price cut by Rs 21 | Petrol price cut by 65 paisaATF
(Jet fuel constitutes over…)
NEW DELHI: Price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was today cut by Rs 21 per cylinder and that of jet fuel ( ATF ) by a steep 3 per cent on the back of falling international oil rates.
This is the third straight reduction in rates of non- subsidised LPG since July.
A non-subsidised 14.2-kg cooking gas cylinder will now cost Rs 880, down from Rs 901, in Delhi, according to Indian Oil Corp (IOC).
A subsidised LPG cylinder in Delhi costs Rs 414. The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 2,077.62 per kilolitre, or 2.98 per cent, to Rs 67,525.63 per kl, the nation's largest fuel retailer said.
This is the third reduction in jet fuel rates since July. Declining international oil prices have made imports cheaper, resulting in price reduction.
In Mumbai, jet fuel costs Rs 69,610.50 per kl as against Rs 71,829.42 per kl previously, IOC said. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of an airline's operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
No immediate comment was available from airlines on the impact of the price cut on passenger fares.
The three fuel retailers -- IOC, Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp -- revise jet fuel and non-subsidised LPG prices on the first of every month, based on the average international prices in the preceding month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US nod to build LNG plant to ship fuel to IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections
US nod to build LNG plant that will ship fuel to India
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 09.43PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(US regulators gave the final…)
WASHINGTON: Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's meeting with President Barack Obama , the US has approved construction of a liquefied natural gas project that will ship the fuel to India.
US regulators gave the final approval yesterday for Dominion Resources to build the east coast's first natural gas liquefaction plant at its Cove Point site on the Chesapeake Bay.
State-owned gas utility GAIL India Ltd has taken 40 per cent of the project's capacity to liquefy 5.75 million tons a year of natural gas for export in ships. The USD 3.8 billion project is likely to be completed in June 2017.
The US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) issued the permit for the Cove Point terminal in Maryland, Dominion Resources said in a statement.
"We are pleased to receive this final approval that allows us to start constructing this important project that offers significant economic, environmental and geopolitical benefits," said Diane Leopold, president of Dominion Energy.
Modi on the last leg of five-day US visit will meet Obama here to reinvigorate an economic relationship between the two nations.
The US Energy Department has approved Cove Point's exports to both free-trade and non-free trade agreement countries, according to FERC's statement.
India does not have a free-trade deal with the US. LNG exports from US is allowed only to countries with which Washington has a free-trade agreement. Some terminals like Cove Point have however been exempted from this condition.
GAIL in April last year signed an agreement with Dominion for booking 2.3 million tons per annum liquefaction capacity in the Cove Point LNG liquefaction terminal project located at Lusby in the state of Maryland.
Cove Point would be the nearest export terminal to the Marcellus Shale, the most productive US natural gas deposit.
Under the agreement with Dominion, GAIL will procure its own natural gas and deliver it to the Cove Point pipeline for liquefaction at the terminal and loading into ships brought to the facility on the Chesapeake Bay.
GAIL already holds a 20 per cent stake in Carrizo's Eagle Ford Shale acreage. It also has a deal with Cheniere Energy Partners to buy 3.5 million tonnes per annum of LNG from Sabine Pass Liquefaction, a subsidiary of Cheniere, from 2017-18.
Dominion's waterfront site, about 96-km, southeast of Washington, has already imported liquefied natural gas and requires minimal construction for beginning exports, Dominion said in the statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wall Street rises on tech strength; investors watch dollarWall Street rises on tech strength; investors watch dollar
By Reuters | 30 Sep, 2014, 11.04PM IST
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 10 new 52-week highs and 14 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 35 new highs and 74 new lows.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks were higher on Tuesday, lifted by strength in technology shares, but the S&P 500 and Nasdaq were on track for a negative month in September.
Major indexes fluctuated between positive and negative territory, with analysts citing concerns about the strength of the dollar but also seeking bargains following Monday's decline.
Tech shares rose 0.6 per cent after eBay Inc
announced a plan to spin off its PayPal unit. The stock rose 7 per cent to $56.33 and was the S&P's top per centage gainer on the day, as well as the most actively traded Nasdaq name.
"EBay splitting in two was expected, but it is still a positive for the market, and it is helping with our slight bias to the upside today," said Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The US dollar index rose 0.3 per cent, off its peak of the session but still near four-year highs.
"The dollar can absolutely become a headwind to US companies, and if a lot cite the dollar for weakness in sales, that could really translate to the stock market," Tuz said.
For September, the Dow is up 0.2 per cent, the S&P is down 1 per cent and the Nasdaq is down 1.4 per cent.
For the third quarter, the Dow is up 1.8 per cent, the S&P is up 1.2 per cent and the Nasdaq is up 2.4 per cent. Both the S&P and Nasdaq are on track for their seventh straight quarterly gain.
The Dow Jones industrial average was rising 56.7 points, or 0.33 per cent, to 17,127.92, the S&P 500 was gaining 5.43 points, or 0.27 per cent, to 1,983.23 and the Nasdaq Composite was adding 10.49 points, or 0.23 per cent, to 4,516.35.
Advancing issues were outnumbering declining ones on the NYSE by 1,543 to 1,392, for a 1.11-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,405 issues were falling and 1,121 advancing for a 1.25-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 10 new 52-week highs and 14 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 35 new highs and 74 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

California bans plastic grocery bagsCalifornia bans plastic grocery bags
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney October 1, 2014: 12:27 PM ET
 
California bans plastic bags
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
California has fired the first salvo in what could be a national war on plastic bags.
Governor Edmund Brown on Tuesday signed into law a bill that bans plastic shopping bags, making California the first U.S. state to officially prohibit stores from handing them out for free.
"This bill is a step in the right direction -- it reduces the torrent of plastic polluting our beaches, parks and even the vast ocean itself," Brown said in a statement. "We're the first to ban these bags, and we won't be the last."
The ban is a victory for environmentalists who say the 13 million plastic bags that are handed out each year in the state end up in waterways and landfills where they don't break down for decades. Critics argue that the ban is misguided and will cost American jobs.
The new law goes into effect for large grocery chains and pharmacies beginning July 1, 2015. It will extend to convenience stores and liquor stores July 1, 2016.
Under the law, stores will be required to offer customers recycled paper bags or bags made of compostable material at a cost of at least 10 cents. Consumers buying groceries using California's food-assistance program won't have to pay for bags.
The law also provides $2 million in state-backed loans to help businesses transition to reuseable bags.
Related: How green is your state?
California is the first to ban plastic bags at the state level. But Hawaii has local ordinances on its four main islands that prohibit plastic bags.
Several cities and municipalities already have similar laws on the books. San Francisco became the first major U.S. city to ban plastic bags in 2007. Los Angeles announced a ban earlier this year. Seattle, Chicago, Portland, Ore. and Austin, Tx, are other cities where plastic bags are not welcome.
Some major retailers have also embraced the movement to reduce plastic bag use. Swedish furniture retailer Ikea, for example, offers only re-usable bags that customers must pay for. Whole Foods ( WFM ), the organic grocery chain, gives customers the option to recycle their plastic bags.
The ban in California was welcomed by grocery store owners in the state, who spend millions of dollars a year on plastic bags.
"History was made today, and our environment and economy will be better for it," said Ronald Fong, president of the California Grocers Association.
 
This plastic is made from thin air
State authorities also praised the move, which should reduce the amount of money sanitation departments spend to clean up litter.
"A state plastic bag ban saves taxpayers the huge amount of money spent on litter cleanup, and protects the environment," said Leslie Tamminen, director of the Clean Seas Coalition, a group of lawmakers and environmentalists.
As the nation's most populous state, California's ban is seen as a bellwether for plastic bag legislation in other states.
Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, New York and New Jersey are all considering imposing a tax on plastic bags that customers would have to pay, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Rhode Island has introduced legislation that would require stores to recycle plastic bags.
Related: Rethinking the city building
The state legislature in California has tried several times to ban plastic bags over the years. Proponents say plastic bags are only useful for a few minutes, but can pose a threat to wildlife for decades. They also argue that bags made from petroleum products contribute to global warming.
"A throw-away society is not sustainable," said sate California Senator Alex Padilla, one of the authors of the bill. "Moving from single-use plastic bags to reusable bags is common sense."
But the campaign has been strongly opposed by plastic bag manufacturers.
The American Progressive Bag Alliance, a group that represents companies that make plastic bags, warns that banning plastic bags threatens up to 30,000 jobs across the country.
The alliance blasted the ban, calling the law a "backroom deal" between the grocers union and state legislators to "scam" consumers "under the guise of environmentalism." The group hopes to repeal the law and said it is gathering signatures to put the ban to a referendum in November.
"If this law were allowed to go into effect it would jeopardize thousands of California manufacturing jobs, hurt the environment, and fleece consumers for billions," the statement says.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 1:37 PM ET
Most Popular

The Internet is brokenBy Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery September 30, 2014: 1:06 PM ET
 
'Shellshock' can hack lights in your house
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
We helplessly rely on the Internet for everything, yet it is riddled with holes and glitches.
Reports of Internet bugs like like Heartbleed and the recent shellshock are growing more frequent and the problems they pose are increasingly more dangerous.
Why? For two reasons that aren't going to change anytime soon.
The Internet was never meant for this. We use the Internet for banking, business, education and national defense. These things require privacy and the assurance that you are actually who you say you are.
The Internet, as it was designed, offers neither. When the Worldwide Web was built 25 years ago, it existed as a channel for physicists to pass research back and forth. It was a small, closed community. The scientists at Stanford trusted the researchers at the University of California - Los Angeles.
Related: Shellshock bug could let hackers attack through a lightbulb
In 2014, it's still standard to send Internet communication in plain text. Anyone could tap into a connection and observe what you're saying. Engineers developed HTTPS nearly 20 years ago to protect conversations by encrypting them -- but major email providers and social media sites are only now enabling this. And sites like Instagram and Reddit still don't use it by default.
 
How hackers beat the Heartbleed bug
The Internet was also built on set of rules that requires every packet of sent information to have a valid address, kind of like a phone number -- but the rules aren't strict about validating the source. So, it can be spoofed. As a result, hackers can fake a return address. When millions of fraudulent packets are "returned to sender" all at once, a website can get shut down by a flood of illegitimate traffic -- known as a Denial of Service attack.
"When the Internet evolved, the climate was friendly. That's not true now," said Paul Vixie, who was instrumental in developing how we connect to websites today. "A trusted network of academics is not a global network for all of humanity."
Software is a hodgepodge of flawed Lego blocks. The big, ugly secret in the world of computer science is that developers don't check their apps closely enough for bugs.
Today, software is so profitable that developers are under intense pressure to churn out apps as quickly as possible.
Related: Heartbleed Part 2: The handshake bug
When developer Peter Welch wrote a frightening essay revealing the sausage-making process, he explained how modern day developers rapidly stack together building blocks of code -- without reviewing it for mistakes or ensuring the whole thing won't collapse or let in a hacker.
"People will start cutting corners and speeding up," Welch said in an interview. "It's less about understanding the academic value of code and more about producing the product. We've lost some safety for speed."
Sometimes, that flawed code becomes widespread. Most of the world relies on open-source software that's built to be shared and maintained by volunteers and used by everyone -- startups, banks, even governments.
There's an illusion of safety. The thinking goes: So many engineers see the code, they're bound to find bugs. Therefore, open-source software is safe, even if no one is directly responsible for reviewing it.
Nope. Last week's shellshock bug is the perfect example of that flawed thinking. Bash, a program so popular it's been placed on millions of machines worldwide, was found to have a fatal flaw that's more than 20 years old. Eyes were on it, but no one caught it until now.
"It's not Toyota having a recall," explained Scott Hanselman, a programmer and former college professor in Oregon. "It's like tires as a concept have been recalled and someone says, 'Holy crap, tires?! We've been using tires for years!' It's that level of bad."
First Published: September 30, 2014: 1:06 PM ET
Most Popular

Gold falls on stronger $; set for biggest drop in 15 monthsYou are here: Home > Collections
Gold falls on stronger $; set for biggest drop in 15 months
Bloomberg Sep 30, 2014, 05.45PM IST
Tags:
drop
(Gold fell by 0.4 per cent…)
LONDON: Gold today fell near the lowest level since January , set for the biggest monthly decline in 15 months, as a stronger dollar and signs of an improving US economy cut demand for a protection of wealth.
Gold fell by 0.4 per cent to $ 1,210.94 an ounce and silver by 0.7 per cent to $ 17.37 an ounce.
The metal dropped 6 per cent in September, the most since June 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1uzjI6RFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session
U.S. stocks are in roller coaster mode Tuesday after Hong Kong's Hang Seng index took a tumble for a second day as protesters blocked streets in the city's business district.
Post to Facebook
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session U.S. stocks are in roller coaster mode Tuesday after Hong Kong's Hang Seng index took a tumble for a second day as protesters blocked streets in the city's business district. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vsZzhR
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:49 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
A specialist works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
46 CONNECT 137 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard and Poor's 500 stock index took modest losses, both for the day and the month, sealing September's reputation as a rotten month for stocks.
The Dow closed down 28.29 points, or 0.17%, and the S&P 500 closed down 5.49 points, or 0.28%. The Nasdaq composite shed 0.28%. For the month, the S&P 500 finished down about 1%.
The indexes started the trading day higher before nosing into the red, then climbing back into positive territory . . . only to waver again. News that home prices rose at their slowest pace since 2012 and that consumer confidence fell sharply also gave investors something to consider on the domestic front.
So, how will the Hong Kong drama pan out? Rod Smyth of Riverfront Investment Group says investors should keep in mind three scenarios: the protests peter out, a Tiananmen Square-like confrontation or continued protests amid a Chinese crackdown on Hong Kong's relative freedoms.
The last possibility is, thankfully, a long shot, Smyth said.
Hong Kong unrest may shake world economy
"Come on, let's be realistic, are they really going to jeopardize 100 years of trading (with Hong Kong)?" Smyth asks of China. "Probably not."
Said Quincy Krosby of Prudential Financial: "What the market does not want to see is this spreading to other Asian countries. The fear is this morphs into the Asian version of the 'Arab Spring,' and  creates great uncertainty."
Look for the symbiotic relationship between China and Hong Kong's business interests to prevail and quiet the protests, said Sung Won Sohn, an economics and finance professor at California State University.
"China remains in firm control," Sohn said. "Businesses don't want to antagonize the Chinese government. I don't think it will be a big problem."
A heavy-handed response is "extremely unlikely," said Edmund Harris, a portfolio manager of several Asia-focused funds at Guinness Atkinson. Short of that, the impact on companies -- those in China, elsewhere in Asia or in the U.S. -- will be minimal, he said.
But a Chinese crackdown "would signal the end of the one country-two systems concept agreed at the handover in 1997" -- and greatly chill investment in China, he said.
Lu Yu, manager of the Allianz GI Emerging Markets Opportunity Fund, agreed that a harsh responseto the protests would not be in the best interest of China's economy or investors.
"As long as the Chinese government doesn't do a stupid thing like Tiananmen Square in 1989 this will be a non-issue for China," she said.
ASK MATT: Time to sell as Hong kong erupts?
Another market pro doesn't think the Hong Kong protests will have a lasting impact.
"We don't think this protest will lead to any political changes in Hong Kong," said Lu Yu, an emerging markets portfolio manager at San Diego-based Allianz Global Investors.
"Today's Hong Kong is not yesterday's Hong Kong," she said. "Their economy relies so much on mainland China."
She added, "Once students and people go back to work next week, I expect the protest to cool down. I actually think we should use this selloff to buy good alpha Chinese names."
The Hang Sang declined 1.4% after shedding around 2% on Monday. Protest leaders set a Wednesday deadline for a response from the government to their demands for democratic reforms.
On Monday, the Dow lost 0.2%, Standard & Poor's 500 index ended down 0.3% and Nasdaq composite slipped 0.1%. Earlier in that trading session markets fell sharply before recovering slightly.
The street protests caught Wall Street by surprise, causing uncertainty to spike and continuing the U.S. stock market's recent run of sharp up-and-down price movements. The Hong Kong markets are closed for the next two days because of holidays.

Women Networks: Outcome of board meetingOct 01, 2014, 01.00 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Women Networks: Outcome of board meeting
Women Networks has informed regarding the Outcome of Board Meeting of the Company held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Women Networks: Outcome of board meeting
Women Networks has informed regarding the Outcome of Board Meeting of the Company held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Women Networks Ltd has informed BSE regarding the Outcome of Board Meeting of the Company held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sept. earns  rep  as worst month; Q3 still saw gainsEMAIL
Getty Images
September did little to change its reputation as the worst-performing month of the year for the U.S. stock market. After a run to a new record high on Sept. 18, stocks have been going down and finished the month in the red.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index fell 1.6% in September, dropping from 2003.37 to 1972.29.  Here is a chart of the S&P 500 through last night’s close.
The S&P 500 stock index is down 1.6% in September, living up to its reputation as the worst month for stocks. (Chart: Yahoo Finance, as of Sept. 29 close)
The benchmark U.S. stock index couldn’t shrug off the ghosts of Septembers’ past.
History spells trouble for stock investors in September.
Here’s the gruesome statistics:
* Since 1928, the S&P 500 is ranked No. 12 in performance out of the 12 months of the year, with average losses of 1.02%, and finishing higher just 45% of the time, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices.
* The performance picture doesn’t look much prettier since 1950, either. September ranked last again, declining 0.5%, on average, and posting positive returns just 45% of the time.
The fall came despite the index hitting its 33rd and 34th record highs of the year earlier this month.
Stocks have been hurt by conflict abroad, in places like Ukraine, Iraq, Syria. And recent pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong have added to geopolitical risk. Investors have also had to come to grips with the fact that the Federal Reserve will eventually have to start raising interest rates sometime next year.
It’s not just the S&P 500 that has struggled this September. Indexes that track blue chip stocks, tech name and small company stocks also are down.
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.3%, the Nasdaq composite plunged 1.9% and the small-cap Russell 2000 index is off 6.2%.
The poor performance in September took a dent out of the third quarter, but stocks still posted gains for the quarter. The S&P 500 managed a 0.6% gain, its seventh consecutive quarterly gain.
 

S&P 500 has 7th straight quarterly gainS&P 500 posts 7th straight quarter of gains
By: Adam Shell September 30, 2014 4:04 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Despite finishing in the red for September, the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index closed out the third quarter in the black, extending its string of quarterly gains to seven.
The benchmark U.S. stock index, which notched its 34th record close of the year at 2011.36 on Sept. 18 and then took some lumps late in the month due to geopolitical flareups around the globe, finished the third quarter of 2014 up 0.6%, to 1972.29.
The large-company stock index hasn’t posted a losing quarter since the fourth quarter of 2012, when it slid 1%, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices.
Here’s a look at the performance of the S&P 500 during its winning streak (data supplied by S&P Dow Jones Indices):
Qtr.      % gain
2Q13     +2.4%
1Q13     +10.0%
The broad U.S. stock gauge fell 1.6% in September, a month that has been the worst-performing month of the year since 1928.
In the just-completed July thru September quarter, the S&P 500 was paced by stocks in the health care and informational technology sectors. Hurting the index was the energy and utilities sectors.
During the quarter, investors had to navigate a series of geopolitical flash points around the globe. The Ukraine and Russia conflict gave investors pause, as has the recent U.S. military involvement in Iraq and Syria to hobble the Islamic State militant group and the latest pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. Wall Street also wrestled with the reality that the Federal Reserve will end its bond-buying program in October and likely start raising interest rates from record-low levels sometime in 2015.
Still, stocks climbed on the strength of an economy that continues to recover and perhaps is the brightest spot on the global stage at the moment.
The S&P 500 peaked at an intraday high of nearly 2020 on Friday, Sept. 19, the day the widely hyped initial public offering of Chinese e-commerce giant resulted in a 38% first-day gain.
Wall Street now looks ahead to October, a month best known for stock market crashes in 1929, 1987 and 2008. Overall, however, October is a relatively solid month, ranking in the middle of the pack in terms of average monthly performance over long periods of time. The good news is the October through December period is among the most bullish three-month stretches for the stock market, historical data show.
There will be no shortage of potentially market-moving events in October, according to Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices. Here’s a list of potential “October Future Shocks” outlined by Silverblatt:
October Future Shocks:
Oct. 3:         September employment report
Oct. 8:         Fed minutes from the September 16-17 meeting
Oct. 8          Alcoa opens the third-quarter profit eporting after the closing bell.
Oct. 19:       1987 stock market crash anniversary; worst one-day fall ever for S&P 500, off 20.47%
Oct. 28-29: Fed two-day policy meeting
Oct. 30       First read on third-quarter GDP
 

SC coal order may hit power tariff and steel output cost  says IcraSC coal order may hit power tariff and steel output cost  says Icra
Historical performances of popular Mutual Fund schemesView Gallery
10 Things You Need to Know About Compound Interest
Having more money each year is what everyone aspires for, and one of the best ways to achieve this goal is through investing in mutual funds. Mutual funds are one of the best ways to invest one’s money, given the sheer number of choices catering to every type of investor preference. The fact that one need not monitor the investments on a minute to minute basis (unlike if one’s investments were directly made into securities), and the ability to diversify one’s portfolio without high initial capital also are positive add-ons.
 Many people are attracted to mutual funds, due to its higher returns, but are concerned by the perceived risk factor. Mutual funds are actually a relatively better way to grow your money as compared to direct investments in Equities, with a variety of options - both equity as well as more conservative debt options. Investing in mutual funds is an excellent way to achieve one’s financial goals as the investor benefits from market rate of returns without having to spend too much time understanding the intricacies of the market.
 
Mutual funds offer benefits such as:
 
Hassle free avenue for investing - the investor is not required to have pre-knowledge on the various asset classes
Tax savings via ELSS funds
Tax free returns on equity investments held over a year
Opportunities to invest across different asset classes (debt, equity, commodity, etc.)
Facility to invest in foreign markets
Specialized funds to cater to varied requirements, such as index funds, sectoral funds, arbitrage funds, fund of funds, and distressed asset funds
Better liquidity than traditional investment avenues such as PPF, fixed deposits, and bonds
 
Ascertaining one’s financial situation such as income, expenses, investments and investment goals is the first step towards constructing a portfolio. Apart from financial situations and goals, points to consider are age, investment style, personality and risk tolerance. Once the current situation is taken into account, we also need to fix financial goals, and break this up into short, medium and long term.
The next step is to understand one’s risk profile and based on the risk profile, one can select the appropriate asset allocation (debt, equity, commodity, etc.). Are you a risk taker or risk averse person? If one loses sleep over the ups and downs in the stock market, it will be better to avoid any significant exposure to equity funds. However, if the investor is willing to take risks and has the ability to hold on to the investment for a reasonable period, equity funds are the best option to reach one’s financial goal.
The risk profile then decides the asset allocation, and one can divide the capital between the various instruments. Here it is very important to understand the various instruments available in the market. There are the following types/categories of mutual funds - Equities, Balanced, Gold and Debt. Equities are one of the riskiest, while at the same time one of the most rewarding investment. There is further categorization to an Equity Fund based on capitalization – Large Cap/Mid Cap/Small Cap Fund.
Based on one’s Financial Goals and Risk Appetite, one can select the suitable category of mutual fund for investments. Post deciding on the allocation for each category of fund, one need to finalise on the funds. Factors such as Past performance, portfolio size, how long the fund has been operational, and expense ratio are some of the key points that have to be studied while selecting/evaluating a fund. Fund houses with larger portfolio size (AUM) and the long plus consistent track record should be preferred over newer options, as these tend to be more stable in times of turbulent markets. The expense ratio is an aspect that will impact the returns, with different fund houses charging differing ratios, even a 0.5% reduction in the expenses can result in a substantial increase in returns over a longer period.
Historical Performances of few Mutual Fund Schemes
Scheme Name

Keeping his cards close to his chestKeeping his cards close to his chest
Once banned from US  Modi meets Obama at White HouseOnce banned from US  Modi meets Obama at White House
Wilful defaulter issue misplaced  says MallyaWilful defaulter issue misplaced  says Mallya
These Amazon Warehouse Workers Smoke In Cagesreddit
Say you're running a warehouse. You've got lots of valuable goodies inside, so you want to keep close tabs on your workers. But some of your workers need to get outside every once in a while for a smoke. What do you do?
Apparently, you build the smokers a cage.
The Baltimore Business Journal reports that Amazon's new fulfillment center in Baltimore includes 30-foot-long outdoor cages that allow workers to step outside while still being confined. Black fencing runs from the floor to ceiling, "making it impossible for anyone inside it to pass objects to anyone standing in the parking lot."
"I asked [project manager David Jennings] when I parked back there, 'What the hell are these cages back here?'" a lending broker told reporter Kevin Litten. "They don't want inventory going back and forth on the outside, so they secured off in the back somewhere for people who need a smoke break."
Click here for a large photo of one of the cages.
Amazon is known for being vigilant about making sure its merchandise doesn't leave warehouses with its employees -- or its many subcontracted temp workers, for that matter.
The company's warehouse workers have to go through a lengthy screening process before they can leave to take a break or go home after their shifts. As HuffPost reported, the company's close watch has led to a spate of lawsuits filed by workers arguing that they should be paid for the time it takes to be screened for theft. One such case has been kicked up to the Supreme Court .
According to the Baltimore Business Journal, Amazon sees the cages as a compromise between the company's need for security and the workers' need for occasional fresh air. Litten writes:
Jennings described security at Amazon warehouses as more stringent than airport screenings, saying the company is highly focused on maintaining strict inventory control. But the company also wants its employees to be happy, so it includes features such as the smoking cages in warehouses along with large break rooms, skylights and windows that would otherwise be unnecessary in the sprawling building on Broening Highway in Baltimore.
As Bruce Vail of In These Times reported , the new 1-million-square-foot fulfillment center has been hyped for bringing as many as 1,000 new full-time jobs to a city with an unemployment rate over 9 percent. The city and state put together $43 million in tax incentives to help lure the online retailer to Baltimore.
Amazon's warehouses have seen their share of labor strife, both in the U.S. and abroad. Earlier this week, about 2,000 warehouse workers in Germany went on strike. The German labor union Ver.di is trying to pressure Amazon into classifying the workers as retail employees, which would force Amazon into collective bargaining. The company claims the workers are employed in logistics, not retail.
Have you worked in an Amazon warehouse? Tell us about it .
More:

Modi & Obama look to strengthen Indo-US defence ties | CoverageBarack Obama
(In a joint address, PM Modi…)
NEW DELHI: Expressing confidence in the potential of strengthening Indo-US ties, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said, "We will further our defence ties; I invite US defence companies to manufacture in India."
In a joint address, PM Modi and US President Barack Obama touched upon many issues including terrorism and trade facilitation.
"I have sought continued use of US markets for Indian services companies," Modi said. Inviting US investment in India, Modi sought to assure, "We are focusing in India on not only policy but also processes."
Talking about trade facilitation and the WTO stand-off, Modi said, "India supports trade facilitation, but I also hope that we are able to find a solution to our food security concerns."
Modi said after his Oval Office talks with Obama that the pair had had a "candid" discussion on the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA). "US is an integral part of our Look East, Link West policy," Modi added.
"We are serious about resolution of issues on both sides to enable civil nuclear energy cooperation to take off," Modi said.
Thanking Obama and US citizens for their warm welcome, Modi invited the US President and his family for a visit to India. "I was very happy to meet US President Obama. I am happy that we are meeting each other within a few days of our countries' Mars mission," Modi said.
"I have seen extraordinary excitement among people about Indo-US ties. I thank them for their hospitality, " Modi concluded.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Health care stocks post strong Q3 gainsHealth care stocks post healthiest quarterly gains
By: Adam Shell September 30, 2014 3:15 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Stocks in the health care sector were the best-performing sector in the third quarter of 2014. [Via MerlinFTP Drop]
If you owned shares of health care stocks in the third quarter, there’s no need to have an anxiety attack over the stock market’s recent bout of volatility.
Sure, it’s been a lousy few weeks for stocks in what turned out to be another lousy September. (September is the worst month of the year for the Stanadard & Poor’s 500-stock index since 1928, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices. But the broad market gauge is still up 0.6% for the quarter, its seventh consecutive positive quarter.
But the big gains have come in the health care sector, which was up nearly 6% heading into today’s trading session, the final day of the quarter. The second-best performing sector was information technology, which was up 4.1% through Monday’s close.
The two biggest losers: Energy shares, which got crushed to the tune of 8%, thanks to slowing global growth and falling energy prices, and utilities, which gave back 5%.
Here’s the performance of all 10 major S&P 500 sectors through the close on Sept. 29:
Health Care     +5.7%

Anil Ambani Aims to Bring RCom s Debt Under Rs 20 000 CroreAnil Ambani Aims to Bring RCom s Debt Under Rs 20 000 Crore
Garment exports stitch 23% growth in AugustGarment exports stitch 23% growth in August
Surprise! Microsoft jumps to Windows 10Surprise! Microsoft jumps to Windows 10
Jeff Bezos  Satya Nadella  now Mark Zuckerberg: America comes to IndiaAmaon
(Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg may…)
NEW DELHI: Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg will be visiting India this month and will most likely meet in this country one of the biggest fans (and user) of the social networking phenomenon he has created — Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Zuckerberg's visit to India, Facebook's fastest-growing market, will mark a hat-trick of India visits by high-profile CEOs of American corporations in a fortnight. Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and Microsoft boss Satya Nadella are already in the country now.
Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad confirmed to ETthat Zuckerberg, one of the world's youngest billionaires with a personal wealth estimated at $33 billion, has sought meetings with the prime minister and other senior ministers between October 9 and 10.
Second Facebook honcho to visit India
The minister declined to share more details of the meetings, but Facebook is widely tipped to be partnering the government in Swachh Bharat, one of Modi's pet initiatives aimed at improving cleanliness levels across the country.
A spokesman for Facebook India declined comment on the visit as well as the proposed partnership. Zuckerberg, 30, will be the second top executive from Facebook to come calling since the Modi government was sworn into power.
In July, Facebook's Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg visited the country and also met Modi, who was among the early Indian politicians to effectively use the power of social networks first during the election campaign and later even in government.
Modi has alluded to the power of Facebook and Twitter, another social networking tool he uses regularly, in his speeches, most recently in one of his public speeches in the US.
When Modi met Sandberg in July, he had suggested the use of Facebook for improving governance, better interaction between people and government, and to attract more tourists to India. He had also spoken to her on how Facebook could assist India in his drive to improve cleanliness. Modi will launch a Swachh Bharat campaign in Delhi on October 2 and the government plans to propagate the massive project through a social media outreach programme on Facebook.
Zuckerberg's visit will not be all about schmoozing with the government. Another person familiar with the visit said Zuckerberg will speak at the Facebook-promoted Internet.org's Content and Usability Summit, which is being held in Delhi. The summit aims to focus on accelerating the creation and consumption of locally relevant content and value-added services in India, according to an invitation sent out by Internet.org.
India is an important market for the social networking company. According to market research firm eMarketer, India is the company's second-biggest market after the US in terms of the number of users. India, however, will account for the fastest growth — 40% — in people logging on to the social networking platform in 2014. The number of users in India will touch 108.9 million by the end of the year compared with 77.8 million in 2013 — almost 10% of the Indian population and mostly young people.
The Modi government is also tying up with the charity foundation of Microsoft founder Bill Gates, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which will share its R&D experience and also transfer technology to build cost-effective toilets across the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

S&P 500 posts 7th straight quarterly gain despite bad Sept.S&P 500 posts 7th straight quarter of gains
By: Adam Shell September 30, 2014 4:04 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Despite finishing in the red for September, the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index closed out the third quarter in the black, extending its string of quarterly gains to seven.
The benchmark U.S. stock index, which notched its 34th record close of the year at 2011.36 on Sept. 18 and then took some lumps late in the month due to geopolitical flareups around the globe, finished the third quarter of 2014 up 0.6%, to 1972.29.
The large-company stock index hasn’t posted a losing quarter since the fourth quarter of 2012, when it slid 1%, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices.
Here’s a look at the performance of the S&P 500 during its winning streak (data supplied by S&P Dow Jones Indices):
Qtr.      % gain
2Q13     +2.4%
1Q13     +10.0%
The broad U.S. stock gauge fell 1.6% in September, a month that has been the worst-performing month of the year since 1928.
In the just-completed July thru September quarter, the S&P 500 was paced by stocks in the health care and informational technology sectors. Hurting the index was the energy and utilities sectors.
During the quarter, investors had to navigate a series of geopolitical flash points around the globe. The Ukraine and Russia conflict gave investors pause, as has the recent U.S. military involvement in Iraq and Syria to hobble the Islamic State militant group and the latest pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. Wall Street also wrestled with the reality that the Federal Reserve will end its bond-buying program in October and likely start raising interest rates from record-low levels sometime in 2015.
Still, stocks climbed on the strength of an economy that continues to recover and perhaps is the brightest spot on the global stage at the moment.
The S&P 500 peaked at an intraday high of nearly 2020 on Friday, Sept. 19, the day the widely hyped initial public offering of Chinese e-commerce giant resulted in a 38% first-day gain.
Wall Street now looks ahead to October, a month best known for stock market crashes in 1929, 1987 and 2008. Overall, however, October is a relatively solid month, ranking in the middle of the pack in terms of average monthly performance over long periods of time. The good news is the October through December period is among the most bullish three-month stretches for the stock market, historical data show.
There will be no shortage of potentially market-moving events in October, according to Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices. Here’s a list of potential “October Future Shocks” outlined by Silverblatt:
October Future Shocks:
Oct. 3:         September employment report
Oct. 8:         Fed minutes from the September 16-17 meeting
Oct. 8          Alcoa opens the third-quarter profit eporting after the closing bell.
Oct. 19:       1987 stock market crash anniversary; worst one-day fall ever for S&P 500, off 20.47%
Oct. 28-29: Fed two-day policy meeting
Oct. 30       First read on third-quarter GDP
 

Eight core industries grow by 5.8% in AugustEight core industries grow by 5.8% in August
BlackBerry Passport comes to IndiaNEW DELHI, September 29, 2014
Updated: September 29, 2014 22:39 IST
BlackBerry Passport comes to India
Staff Reporter
THE HINDU Sunil Lalvani, Managing Director, Blackberry India at the launch of Blackberry Passport Phone in New Delhi on Monday, September 29, 2014. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
science and technology
BlackBerry Passport will be available from October 10, is priced at Rs.49,990.
Nearly a week after it was revealed for the world, Blackberry Passport has made its way to the Indian shores. The Passport, whose name is in line with its passport-like dimensions, will be available from October 10 onwards, and is priced at Rs.49,990.
At this price, the 4.5-inch square screen device is the most expensive one in the Canadian firm’s portfolio. This is also the first phone in its line-up to run on the latest BlackBerry 10.3 OS, which brings features such as BlackBerry Assistant and access to Amazon Appstore, giving users access to over two lakh top Android apps.
“BlackBerry Passport was designed to aid professionals in becoming more productive. The phone is built on feedback from users and giving them better battery life and a wider view. The display is ideal for those who have to see a lot of Excel sheets or read documents,” BlackBerry India Managing Director Sunil Lalvani told reporters here.
The pre-booking for the Passport has started at Amazon.in and BlackBerry exclusive stores from Monday. Customers pre-booking at Amazon.in would receive a gift card worth Rs.5,000.
The three row QWERTY keypad on the device too has touch features embedded in it.
“The BlackBerry Passport includes the industry’s first touch-enabled keyboard. It can be used for typing as well as navigation by swiping fingers on it for functions like delete, moving predictive words function up and down etc,” Mr. Lalvani added.
The device also boasts of 3450 mAh battery. Besides, it is powered by Quad Core 2.2 GHZ Processor, 3 GB RAM, 13 MP rear camera and 32 GB memory and supports 128 GB of external storage.
“Last week we launched the Passport in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., France, Germany and Dubai. Within four days of that we are launching it here. This shows the priority of the Indian market for us,” he added.
The company, which is looking to reinvent itself to gain the lost ground in the country’s smartphone market, will also be launching BlackBerry Classic that will bring back the famous BlackBerry trackball back before February.

Toshiba Satellite P50t 4K laptop review: The world in UHDToshiba has launched the world's first Ultra HD 4K laptop in the Indian market. But for regular users, there is no need to hurry and pay a premium for the first 4K device.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 1:11 pm
The world has moved on from Full HD and is surely moving towards 4K. But 4K is still very expensive and out of reach of the average user. But things seem to be changing on the ground. Even as 4K televisions become cheaper, Toshiba has launched the world’s first Ultra HD 4K laptop in the Indian market. I lived a few weeks with the Toshiba Satellite P50t.
Price: Rs. 86000
Design
The Satellite P50t is a large laptop with a 15.6-inch multi-touch screen. It has a brushed aluminium body with a grille above the keyboard that houses the harmann/kardon speakers. The keyboard is full size, may be a bit bigger than that and a lot of people will relish this extra space in the age of micro-mini laptops and tablets. The keyboard is also backlit and is a pleasure to use as it senses when you want to type. The keys also have the right amount of travel and is ideal for those who have to write a lot. There is a separate number pad on the right and having used an Ultrabook for a couple of years I kept looking there for the Delete and arrow keys.
The P50t is not lightweight in any sense of the term and weighs well over 2 kilograms. So you would be using this more as a desktop replacement than a carry-in-your-backpack device. It comes with an optical drive which is becoming a rarity these days. The are four USB ports, an HDMI port and so that you are short options when you are creating new content.
Display
And this screen is the hero of this device, after all it has a 3840x2160p resolution screen. Now that is almost four times the screen resolution of the Full HD screens that are the vogue these days. And the screen is stunning. Play some 4K video, if you are lucky enough to get hold of some, and you will see what we are talking about. I have always felt that 4K was actually a bit better that what your real life vision is, and this laptop only reinforces that view.
Performance
The Intel Core i7-4710HQ processor clocked at 2.50GHz means this laptop can munch through any work at ease. Let’s take 4K content for instance. Processing these files are among the toughest things a personal computer would have to face these days. And being the only laptop with a 4K screen, we can see a lot of content producers buying this device to start working on the new videos they would be assigned. We tested the laptop with some 4K content shot with the new Xperia Z3 phone and it played and processed these files without breaking into a sweat. However, the laptop can heat up a bit when you are working on heavy files and you can feel it near the fan on the right. But that is expected with any device trying its hand at 4K.
Verdict
If you are one of these who has access to 4K content and will need to work on these files, you should not think twice before buying this laptop. But for the regular user, there is no need to hurry and pay a premium for the first 4K device. You can wait for the content creators to churn out some 4K videos you can watch on laptops. By then these laptops would have shed much of its price and weight.

U.K. current account deficit widens unexpectedly in second quarterSep 30, 2014, 02.03 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
U.K. current account deficit widens unexpectedly in second quarter
U.K. current account deficit widens unexpectedly in second quarter
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
U.K. current account deficit widens unexpectedly in second quarter
U.K. current account deficit widens unexpectedly in second quarter
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The U.K.'s current account deficit widened unexpectedly in the in the three months to September, official data showed on Tuesday.
In a report, the U.K.'s National Statistics Office said that the U.K. current account recorded a seasonally adjusted deficit of £23.1 billion in the second quarter, widening from a deficit of £20.5 billion in the first quarter, whose figure was revised from a deficit of £18.5 billion.
Economists had expected the current account deficit to narrow to £17 billion this quarter.
GBP/USD was trading at 1.6261 from around 1.6266 ahead of the release of the data, while EUR/GBP was at 0.7795 from 0.7791 earlier.
Meanwhile, European stock markets remained mixed. London's FTSE 100 shed 0.1%, the DJ Euro Stoxx 50 tacked on 0.25%, France's CAC 40 added 0.4%, while Germany's DAX inched up 0.1%.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Ladakh standoff ends with withdrawal of Chinese  Indian troopsYou are here: Home > Collections > Ladakh
Ladakh standoff ends with withdrawal of Chinese, Indian troops
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 09.01PM IST
Tags:
Beijing
(The two armies were engaged…)
BEIJING: China today said the standoff with India at the Ladakh region has been resolved as both sides completed simultaneous withdrawal of troops, and underlined that the two nations have the "determination and capability" to maintain peace and stability at the border areas.
"On September 30, the frontier defence troops of the two countries completed simultaneous withdrawal according to the steps formulated by the two sides and restored peace and tranquillity in the area," the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a press release.
"The two sides reached a consensus on properly resolving the recent standoff between the frontier defence troops at the border between the two countries," state-run Xinhua news agency quoted the press statement as saying.
The Foreign Ministry said the two sides will continue to communicate on issues relating to maintaining peace and tranquillity at the border areas through the China-India border consultation and coordination mechanism, a body established by both sides to resolve such issues.
"Both sides understand that friendly cooperation conform with their common interests and peaceful and tranquil borders are important for the growth of bilateral relations," it said.
The Foreign Ministry said the "two sides have the determination, wisdom and capability to jointly maintain peace and stability at the border areas to create a sound environment for the expansion of bilateral relations."
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and Chinese Foreign Affairs Minister Wang Yi had met on September 25 at the United Nations and discussed the border stand-off issue.
The two armies were engaged in a stand-off at Chumar region in Ladakh, coinciding with the first visit of the Chinese President Xi Jinping to India.
Tension in the area erupted on September 21 when some Chinese workers, who were constructing a road on their side, crossed into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build a road up to Tible, 5-km deep inside Indian territory.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lenders fear coal block cancellations may sp...Lenders fear coal block cancellations may spike NPA pains
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 10.37PM IST
Tags:
Arundhati Bhattacharya
(State Bank of India has over…)
MUMBAI: Leading bankers today expressed apprehension over the fallout of the Supreme Court decision to deallocate as many as 214 coal blocks, saying it could increase the already high NPA levels of banks but added that as of now there is no need to panic.
"It could happen... I am not ruling it out, but again we are not pressing all the panic buttons. I don't think there is a case for that. We need to be little patient and watch where it goes," State Bank Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said here after the customary post-policy media briefing.
SBI has over Rs 4,130 crore exposure to some of the affected companies which have coal linkages with the cancelled coal blocks.
Chanda Kochhar , the chief of the largest private sector lender ICICI Bank , which has not disclosed its exposure to the affected blocks, however, observed that it's too premature to be panicked about it and said if the government comes out with a solution it will actually allow the assets to keep operating.
"Right now, one has to feel comforted about the fact that there is a clear intent to not disrupt the process and there is a clear intent to say mines should work and within a period a solution should be found and we hope for that," Kochhar said.
Last Wednesday, the Supreme Court de-allocated as many as 214 coal blocks allocated since 1993, out of which 46 were operational for many years and 40 are about to be commissioned. It had spared only 4 blocks.
The court also imposed a levy of Rs 295 per tonne of coal extracted till now by all cancelled licensees which has to be paid by December 31 2014. The coal extracted between January 1, 2015 and March 31, 2015 will also attract a levy of Rs 295 per tonne.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Starwood to shift global HQ to India for a m...You are here: Home > Collections
Starwood to shift global HQ to India for a month in March 2015
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 09.58PM IST
Tags:
Entrepreneurship
(Hospitality major Starwood…)
NEW DELHI: Hospitality major Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc will relocate its global headquarters from the US to India in March 2015 for a month-long period as the company seeks to enhance its operations here.
Starwood President & CEO Frits van Paasschen and the company's top executives will split their time between Mumbai and Delhi, conducting day-to-day business from India which has immense potential for outbound travel, Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide said in a statement.
Commenting on the significance of shifting, van Paasschen said: "We all know of India as a hotbed of technological innovation and global services. Coupled with the rise in entrepreneurship and investment, millions of people are joining its middle class every year. And, of course, this means millions of new travellers."
He further said: "At the same time, India is both unique and immensely diverse. Our extended time there will allow us to immerse ourselves and appreciate new approaches to the business of hospitality."
During the month, the Starwood team will travel to cities throughout India to meet with associates, customers, owners and prospective developers, including cities such as Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, Hyderabad, and Kochi, and also throughout South Asia to Nepal, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Maldives where it sees new growth opportunities unfold, Starwood said.
"With South Asia as our home base, we'll be within a five-hour flight from nearly 40 per cent of our global pipeline for new hotels," van Paasschen said.
This follows the company's relocations to China in 2011 and Dubai in 2013. This third leadership move underscores Starwood's unique approach to cultivating a global culture and fostering relationships in key growth markets, the company said.
As a company with operations in over 100 countries, "we at Starwood know that there is no substitute for witnessing firsthand this huge transformation," van Paasschen added.
As the company looks at these growth markets, it will explore how to create opportunities for the thousands of people who will enter the global workforce through Starwood, he added.
Starwood currently operates 40 hotels in India with another 36 hotels under development.
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc has nearly 1,200 properties in 100 countries, and 181,400 employees at its owned and managed properties.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Feasibility study on A bad-Mumbai bullet tr...Bullet train
(Railway Minister D V Sadananda…)
AHMEDABAD: Union Railway Minister D V Sadananda Gowda today said the feasibility study on the proposed Ahmedabad-Mumbai bullet train project will be completed by July 2015.
"On the bullet train project, we will be getting an interim study report by the end of the next month. A small report has already been issued by the Railways ," he said here.
"On feasibility, we will get a study done by July 2015. That report will cover the commercial, technical and financial study. Some of these topics have already been looked after in the earlier studies. One third studies have already been done," Gowda added.
'Diamond Quadrilateral project', announced during the railway budget, would be taken up on the public private partnership (PPP) mode, he said.
"We have announced, in our (railway) budget, that the 'Diamond Quadrilateral' connectivity across the metros in the country would be taken up. Mumbai, Ahmedabad stations would be taken up on priority. As of now the total cost of the project will be around Rs 60,000-65,000 crore. We want to do it on PPP (public private partnership) mode," he said.
Gowda further said that his ministry is planning to take up work on a high-speed rail corridor between Ahmedabad and Mumbai, with the train travelling at a top speed of around 150 kmph.
On the budget allocation for Gujarat, home state of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Gowda said, "In the budget, Rs 952 crore have been allotted to the state, out of which nearly Rs 912 crore have been allotted for the ongoing projects. Of Rs 912 crore, Rs 105 crore have been allotted for the new line, Rs 573 crore for doubling up of railway lines and Rs 139 crore for the gauge conversions," he added.
Ahmedabad railway station's renovation project will be taken up by the ministry, while Sabarmati railway station will also be upgraded, the minister said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oklahoma district court rejects IRS tax credit ruleBy Jonathan H. Adler September 30
Today, in Pruitt v. Burwell , another federal court concluded that the IRS rule authorizing tax credits and cost-sharing subsidies for the purchase of health insurance in federal exchanges violates the text of the PPACA.  In reaching this result, Judge White of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma concurred with the initial panel decision of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit in Halbig v. Burwell and rejected the conclusions of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit in King v. Burwell.  A fourth case against the IRS rule remains pending in federal district court in Indiana.
The opinion is relatively short and quite direct, quickly cutting through the various attempts to cast plain statutory language as ambiguous or otherwise get around the text that Congress enacted.  As I’m on the road (returning from a debate on the merits in these cases with Professor Nicholas Bagley at the University of Michigan Law School), I’ll just post the concluding section of Judge White’s opinion.  More thoughts may follow.
The court is aware that the stakes are higher in the case at bar than they might be in another case. The issue of consequences has been touched upon in the previous decisions discussed. Speaking of its decision to vacate the IRS Rule, the majority in Halbig stated “[w]e reach this conclusion, frankly, with reluctance.” 758 F.3d at 412.
Other judges in similar litigation have cast the plaintiffs’ argument in apocalyptic language. The first sentence of Judge Edwards’ dissent in Halbig is as follows: “This case is about Appellants’ not-so-veiled attempt to gut the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (‘ACA’).” 758 F.3d at 412-13. Concurring in King, Judge Davis states that “[a]ppellants’ approach would effectively destroy the statute . . . .” 759 F.3d 358, 379 (Davis, J., concurring). Further, “[w]hat [appellants] may not do is rely on our help to deny to millions of Americans desperately-needed health insurance. . . ..” Id.
Of course, a proper legal decision is not a matter of the court “helping” one side or the other. A lawsuit challenging a federal regulation is a commonplace occurrence in this country, not an affront to judicial dignity. A higher-profile case results in greater scrutiny of the decision, which is understandable and appropriate. “[H]igh as those stakes are, the principle of legislative supremacy that guides us is higher still. . . This limited role serves democratic interests by ensuring that policy is made by elected, politically accountable representatives, not by appointed life-tenured judges.” Halbig, 758 F.3d at 412.
This is a case of statutory interpretation. “The text is what it is, no matter which side benefits.” Bormes v. United States, 759 F.3d 793, 798 (7 Cir.2014). Such a case (even if affirmed on the inevitable appeal) does not “gut” or “destroy” anything. On the contrary, the court is upholding the Act as written. Congress is free to amend the ACA to provide for tax credits in both state and federal exchanges, if that is the legislative will. As the Act presently stands, “vague notions of a statute’s ‘basic purpose’ are nonetheless inadequate to overcome the words of its text regarding the specific issue under consideration.” Mertens v. Hewitt Assocs., 508 U.S. 248, 261 (1993) (emphasis in original). It is a “core administrative-law principle that an agency may not rewrite clear statutory terms to suit its own sense of how the statute should operate.” Util. Air Regulatory Group v. EPA, 134 S.Ct. 2427, 2446 (2014). “But in the last analysis, these always-fascinating policy discussions are beside the point. The role of this Court is to apply the statute as it is written – even if we think some other approach might ‘accor[d] with good policy.’” Burrage v. United States, 134 S.Ct. 881, 892 (2014)(quoting Commissioner v. Lundy, 516 U.S. 235, 252 (1996)(other citation omitted)). See also Michigan v. Bay Mills Indian Community, 134 S.Ct. 2024, 2034 (2014) (“This Court has no roving license, in even ordinary cases of statutory interpretation, to disregard clear language simply on the view that . . . Congress ‘must have intended’ something broader.”); Util. Air Regulatory Group v. EPA, 134 S.Ct. 2427, 2446 (2014)(“The power of executing the laws necessarily includes both authority and responsibility to resolve some questions left open by Congress that arise during the law’s administration. But it does not include a power to revise clear statutory terms that turn out not to work in practice.”).
The animating principles of this court’s decision have been articulated by the Tenth Circuit: “[C]ourts, out of respect for their limited role in tripartite government, should not try to rewrite legislative compromises to create a more coherent, more rational statute. A statute is not ‘absurd’ if it could reflect the sort of compromise that attends legislative endeavor.” Robbins v. Chronister, 435 F.3d 1238, 1243 (10th Cir. 2006). “An agency’s rulemaking power is not ‘the power to make law,’ it is only the ‘power to adopt regulations to carry into effect the will of Congress as expressed by the statute.’” Sundance Associates, 139 F3d at 808 (citation omitted) “In reviewing statutes, courts do not assume the language is imprecise … Rather, we assume that in drafting legislation, Congress says what it means.” Id at 809.
The court holds that the IRS Rule is arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discretion or otherwise not in accordance with law, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. §706(2)(A), in excess of statutory jurisdiction, authority, or limitations, or short of statutory right, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. §706(2)(C), or otherwise is an invalid implementation of the ACA, and is hereby vacated.
 
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

RBI to redefine wilful defaulter  create new tagRBI to redefine wilful defaulter  create new tag
Selling Via Text: WhatsApp An Emerging Marketing ToolSelling Via Text: WhatsApp An Emerging Marketing Tool
Lightning  rain fail to deter resolute Hong Kong protestersLightning  rain fail to deter resolute Hong Kong protesters
Rajan holds interest rates  EMIs unlikely to dip soonRajan holds interest rates  EMIs unlikely to dip soon
Consumers set to pay for illegal coal blocksConsumers set to pay for illegal coal blocks
SBI Reduces Short-Term Deposit RatesSBI Reduces Short-Term Deposit Rates
8 core sectors grow 5.8% on higher steel and coal output8 core sectors grow 5.8% on higher steel and coal output
RCom to cut debt to below Rs 20 000 cr: Anil AmbaniRCom to cut debt to below Rs 20 000 cr: Anil Ambani
New York scientists come up with an invisibility cloakROCHESTER (N.Y.), September 28, 2014
Updated: September 28, 2014 10:23 IST
New York scientists come up with an ‘invisibility cloak’
Reuters handout I SEE YOU, YOU DON’T SEE ME: University of Rochester PhD student Joseph Choi demonstrates a cloaking device using four lenses in Rochester, New York.
TOPICS
‘Rochester Cloak is 3D, continuously multi-directional’
Watch out Harry Potter, you are not the only wizard with an invisibility cloak.
Scientists at the University of Rochester have discovered a way to hide large objects from sight using inexpensive and readily available lenses, a technology that seems to have sprung from the pages of J.K. Rowling’s Harry Potter fantasy series.
Cloaking is the process by which an object becomes hidden from view, while everything else around the cloaked object appears undisturbed.
“A lot of people have worked on a lot of different aspects of optical cloaking for years,” John Howell, a professor of physics at the upstate New York school, said on Friday.
The so-called Rochester Cloak is not really a tangible cloak. Rather, the device looks like equipment used by an optometrist. When an object is placed behind the layered lenses it seems to disappear.
Previous cloaking methods have been complicated, expensive, and not able to hide objects in three dimensions when viewed at varying angles, they say.
“From what we know, this is the first cloaking device that provides three-dimensional, continuously multi-directional cloaking,” said Joseph Choi, a graduate student who helped develop the method at Rochester, which is renowned for its optical research.
In their tests, the researchers have cloaked a hand, a face, and a ruler making each object appear “invisible” while the image behind the hidden object remains in view. The implications for the discovery are endless, they say.
“I imagine this could be used to cloak a trailer on the back of a semi-truck so the driver can see directly behind him,” Choi said. “It can be used for surgery, in the military, in interior design, art.”
Building the device cost Howell and Choi a little over $1,000 and they believe it can be done even cheaper. — Reuters
Although a patent is pending, they have released simple instructions on how to create a Rochester Cloak at home for under $100:

Haider on Comedy Nights with KapilCelebrity
Shahid and Shraddha promote 'Haider'
'Haider' is a Bollywood adaptation of Shakespeare's famous play, Hamlet, directed by Vishal Bhardwaj, Shahid Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor play the main leads.
Tabu and Kay Kay Menon on Comedy Nights with Kapil
1 / 30
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Mon 29 Sep, 2014 4:30 PM IST

You Wish Your Grandma Was As Cool As 93-Year-Old Adelaidereddit
We understand, everyone holds a special place in his or her heart for their own relatives, especially the elder set who more often than not tell priceless stories, bear gifts and use the internet in bizarre and awe-inspiring ways. However, when it comes to artistic muses, we're fairly certain your grandmother's got nothing on Adelaide.
Adelaide is the muse of a photography series, aptly titled "Adelaide." The artist, Adelaide's granddaughter, is also named Adelaide, Adelaide Ivánova . Paying attention? For years Ivánova has chronicled the life of her 93-year-old grandmother in her home of Reclife, Brazil in deliciously bright snapshots that feel more like summer camp snapshots than traditional portraits.
"In the beginning, 2006, it was just the desire to spend time with her, doing more than having tea or accompanying her to doctors," Ivánova explained to The Huffington Post. "She had a lot of fun as well. Later, in 2011, after I started studying photography in Berlin, my teachers noticed that there was a project [here], it just needed some thematic improvements. So the next time I visited her I said 'Lady, now we're going serious.' And she turned into a sort of co-author, suggesting locations or situations in which she would like to be photographed. She'd call and say 'Little daughter, I am going to oculist, come take my pic!'"
The images, bursting with color and feeling, are simultaneously playful and profound, capturing brief moments of a life far too complex to fully understand. Whether donning party sunglasses or doing impromptu gymnastics in bed, Adelaide appears far more vibrant and vivacious than the stereotypical nonagenarian. Yet despite the silliness that runs generously through the series, they possess a raw and sometimes dark honesty as well.
" Adelaide, born in Brazil in 1921, bore sixteen children, fourteen of whom lived into adulthood ," Ellyn Ruddick-Sunstein explained on Feature Shoot. "After the bankruptcy of her husband’s grocery business, she supported her children by selling cakes. In her old age, it has become difficult to walk, and she no longer practices yoga. Her days are spent sewing and reading. She enjoys crossword puzzles."
Depicting the ups and downs of old age was part of Ivánova's mission, thus providing documentation of a phase of life that often fades from public view. "My main desire was to make a project in which the subject matter is a person that represents elderly, a group that is invisible in society, and photograph her as one would photograph the 'visible group.' So even though there was a point in which it turned into a 'real project,' that is why I kept photographing her as I photograph my friends when I am not working: in trashy, spontaneous snapshots; not on extraordinary situations, but in everyday ones. The same way people photograph youth."
"From her side, she feels empowered by the fact that, through her images, she can make elderly noticeable," Ivánova continued. "Especially now that she barely walks. It gives her the feeling of being useful. The feeling that even though she is so old and helpless, she and many other like her still matter."
See the beautiful Adelaide in all her glory below and declare your love for her in the comments.
Also on HuffPost:

Get Over Creative Block With An Activity Book For Adultsreddit
Who says activity books are for kids? Illustrator Marion Deuchars is proving that a dictate to draw, paint or print can be just as alluring for adults as they can be for the adolescent crowd. Her graphic masterpiece, Draw Paint Print Like Great Artists, tackles the creative block beast by offering up the go-to techniques of some of art history's biggest icons. From Gustav Klimt to Frida Kahlo, Philip Guston to Joan Miro, Katsushika Hokusai to Paul Klee, the coloring book gives you tips and tricks to mastering everything from gilded patterns and pop screen prints.
"Every artist learns by looking at the work created by others, and then picks up bits of that and makes their own art in their own way," Deuchars attests. "It may be something as simple as using scissors rather than a pencil, or being fascinated by a new shape or a playful exercise to take your imagination somewhere unfamiliar."
Below is a preview of "Draw Paint Print Like Great Artists." With Deuchars' original illustrations, crafted in the style of the greats, it's a treat for any graphic nerd or creatively frustrated individual. Go ahead, let your inner artist/child get lost in Matisse's cut-outs. The book, recently published by Laurence King, is available here .
1. Paint with scissors like Matisse
2. Make a Self-Portrait like Frida
3. Color Print like Andy Warhol
4. Photomontage like Hannah Hoch
5. Create Patterns like Gustav Klimt
More from Duechars:
Also on The Huffington Post
Close
Outside The Lines, A Coloring Book
of

 Rajan Wants to Reduce Undue Volatility in RupeeYou are here: Home Forex
RBI Governor Says Wants to Reduce Undue Volatility in Rupee
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 12:27 (IST)
Dollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India is not focussed on any particular level of exchange rate, but wants to reduce undue volatility, Governor Raghuram Rajan said after the policy review on Tuesday.
He added such a policy would mean that the central bank would typically intervene on both sides of the exchange rate.
The rupee has risen in recent months and in the process has maintained its parity with the dollar seen at the beginning of the year, Dr Rajan told reporters in Mumbai.
The rupee has gained 1.89 per cent against the dollar in the month to date and 2.93 per cent in the past six months, as per Thomson Reuters data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

 RBI Takes Steps to Boost Debt  Currency MarketsYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Takes Steps to Boost Debt, Currency Markets
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 15:45 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Tuesday it will gradually lower the ceiling on bonds that can be held-to-maturity (HTM) starting in January, while further easing currency hedging rules for importers in moves to boost trading in markets.
The RBI also announced it would extend the period that foreign investors can settle their over-the-counter government bonds to two days of their trade from one, a measure that traders speculated could be aimed to facilitate the settlement of debt in the Euroclear platform.
India is considering joining Euroclear, the world's largest securities settlement system.
The slew of measures contained in a monetary policy review on Tuesday, demonstrated the RBI's focus on developing markets under Governor Raghuram Rajan.
"The impact of reduction in HTM assets is marginally negative for bonds. There are lots of small things announced, but they are important for the market in the medium term," said Kumar Rachapudi, senior rates strategist with ANZ in Singapore.
The central bank said it would cut the ceiling on bonds that can be held-to-maturity from the current 24 percent to 22 percent in stages, starting in the two-week cycle from Jan. 10, 2015. It expects to complete the process by September 2015.
The action could prompt banks to trade debt more actively as it will reduce the incentive of parking securities until maturity and force lenders to mark more securities to market on a daily basis, leading to potential gains or losses.
The RBI also raised the limit for some importers hedging currency exposure to 100 percent of their average import turnover over the previous three years or the preceding year's import turnover, whichever is higher. The previous limit was at 50 percent.
The central bank also announced several measures related to trading government bonds, including easing rules for short-selling, and said it would continue injecting funds via one-day term repos, or cash-for-loans transactions, to keep money markets less volatile.
The RBI kept its key policy repo rate on hold at 8.0 percent, as widely expected, and also left other major policy tools unchanged.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Many Indians cant do without Internet for over five hours: surveyworld wide web
23% of the Indians surveyed said they would give up chocolates and sweets for the Internet
Over half of Indians who participated in a survey said they could not survive beyond five hours without access to the Internet. When asked what they would give up for access to the World Wide Web, 43 per cent replied they would trade in their TV sets as against 17 per cent of Americans who said the same.
Twenty-three per cent of the Indians surveyed said they would give up chocolates and sweets for the Internet.
Emotional response
Those were the findings of an online survey ‘Connected World II’ conducted by Tata Communications, which studied responses of more than 9,400 people across six countries: France, Germany, India, Singapore, the U.S. and the UK.
Julie Woods-Moss, Chief Marketing Officer and CEO of Tata Communications’ Nextgen Business, speaking to The Hindu over phone, said the emotional reaction to lack of Internet connectivity was high with 80 per cent of the Indians surveyed saying they feel high emotional stress if they have no access for five hours and 20 per cent get angry if they are unable to connect.
She said, “It shows Indians are very active users and show quite negative emotional reactions when away from the Net.”
The study comprised 14 closed questions aimed at capturing behavioural, technical and philosophical responses in relation to people’s associations, understanding and emotional connections to the Internet. A total of 9,417 respondents — 33 per cent were Asian (India and Singapore respondents participated in the survey.
Ms. Woods-Moss said, “Indians definitely lead in finding out how the Net works. One-third knows that sub sea cables play a role in their access to the Net”.

Sidhartha Mallya Re-Elected as Director of UBHLSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Sidhartha V Mallya, son of Vijay Mallya, has been re-elected as director on the board of United Breweries Holdings Ltd (UBHL).
UBHL said in a filing to the BSE that the resolution for re-appointment of Sidhartha V Mallya as director was passed with majority.
The company has promoted a number of businesses including the country's leading brewery and spirits companies.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 23:00 (IST)

Zuari  Deepak Open Offers  Fair and Reasonable : MCFL PanelSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd's Independent Directors Committee has said that open offers by Deepak Fertilisers and the Zuari group for acquisition of a 26 per cent stake in the company are "fair and reasonable" as per regulations.
Intensifying the battle for acquisition of Vijay Mallya's fertiliser firm, Deepak Fertilisers on September 26 had raised its open offer price to Rs 93.60 per share, after which rival Zuari group in association with MCFL'S original promoters UB group also raised their offer price to Rs 81.60 per share.
As per the guidelines, MCFL announced formation of a single member IDC under the chairmanship of Pratap Narayan to give its recommendations on both open offers.
MCFL said in a BSE filing on Tuesday that both open offers are in line with the Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeover Regulations by capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), and to that extent, "fair and reasonable".
According to the filing, the committee had given its recommendations on September 29 and said, "Today (September 29) the scrip has closed at upper circuit of Rs 88.10 on BSE and Rs 87.70 on NSE. Accordingly, shareholders should immediately evaluate the open offer and competing offer, as revised, and take an informed decision in the matter."
Meanwhile, Deepak Fertilisers has also written to MCFL's independent directors on its open offer claiming that rival bidder Zuari's win will help Mr Mallya to continue heading the firm.
The two-way battle for control of Mangalore Chemicals heated up again after the Competition Commission of India (CCI) cleared an open offer launched by Zuari Group firms on September 4.
Fair trade watchdog CCI had cleared the open offer of Deepak Fertilisers on August 19.
After this, both parties have announced that the open offer will start on October 1 and close on October 17. The last date for upward revision of the offer size or price was September 25.
Deepak Fertilisers had launched open offer to buy an additional 26 per cent stake in MCFL in April this year at Rs 63 per share following which Zuari and UB group joined hands in May and launched open offer for same number of shares at Rs 68.55 per scrip.
At present, Deepak Fertiliser holds a 25.31 per cent stake in MCFL whereas the consortium of Zuari group companies has 16.43 per cent and Vijay Mallaya's UB group holds 21.97 per cent.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought an about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired a 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one go in July 2013. After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 17:00 (IST)

http://usat.ly/1sM7zLVFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session
U.S. stocks are in roller coaster mode Tuesday after Hong Kong's Hang Seng index took a tumble for a second day as protesters blocked streets in the city's business district.
Post to Facebook
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session U.S. stocks are in roller coaster mode Tuesday after Hong Kong's Hang Seng index took a tumble for a second day as protesters blocked streets in the city's business district. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vsZzhR
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks close slightly lower in volatile session
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:49 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
A specialist works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
46 CONNECT 137 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard and Poor's 500 stock index took modest losses, both for the day and the month, sealing September's reputation as a rotten month for stocks.
The Dow closed down 28.29 points, or 0.17%, and the S&P 500 closed down 5.49 points, or 0.28%. The Nasdaq composite shed 0.28%. For the month, the S&P 500 finished down about 1%.
The indexes started the trading day higher before nosing into the red, then climbing back into positive territory . . . only to waver again. News that home prices rose at their slowest pace since 2012 and that consumer confidence fell sharply also gave investors something to consider on the domestic front.
So, how will the Hong Kong drama pan out? Rod Smyth of Riverfront Investment Group says investors should keep in mind three scenarios: the protests peter out, a Tiananmen Square-like confrontation or continued protests amid a Chinese crackdown on Hong Kong's relative freedoms.
The last possibility is, thankfully, a long shot, Smyth said.
Hong Kong unrest may shake world economy
"Come on, let's be realistic, are they really going to jeopardize 100 years of trading (with Hong Kong)?" Smyth asks of China. "Probably not."
Said Quincy Krosby of Prudential Financial: "What the market does not want to see is this spreading to other Asian countries. The fear is this morphs into the Asian version of the 'Arab Spring,' and  creates great uncertainty."
Look for the symbiotic relationship between China and Hong Kong's business interests to prevail and quiet the protests, said Sung Won Sohn, an economics and finance professor at California State University.
"China remains in firm control," Sohn said. "Businesses don't want to antagonize the Chinese government. I don't think it will be a big problem."
A heavy-handed response is "extremely unlikely," said Edmund Harris, a portfolio manager of several Asia-focused funds at Guinness Atkinson. Short of that, the impact on companies -- those in China, elsewhere in Asia or in the U.S. -- will be minimal, he said.
But a Chinese crackdown "would signal the end of the one country-two systems concept agreed at the handover in 1997" -- and greatly chill investment in China, he said.
Lu Yu, manager of the Allianz GI Emerging Markets Opportunity Fund, agreed that a harsh responseto the protests would not be in the best interest of China's economy or investors.
"As long as the Chinese government doesn't do a stupid thing like Tiananmen Square in 1989 this will be a non-issue for China," she said.
ASK MATT: Time to sell as Hong kong erupts?
Another market pro doesn't think the Hong Kong protests will have a lasting impact.
"We don't think this protest will lead to any political changes in Hong Kong," said Lu Yu, an emerging markets portfolio manager at San Diego-based Allianz Global Investors.
"Today's Hong Kong is not yesterday's Hong Kong," she said. "Their economy relies so much on mainland China."
She added, "Once students and people go back to work next week, I expect the protest to cool down. I actually think we should use this selloff to buy good alpha Chinese names."
The Hang Sang declined 1.4% after shedding around 2% on Monday. Protest leaders set a Wednesday deadline for a response from the government to their demands for democratic reforms.
On Monday, the Dow lost 0.2%, Standard & Poor's 500 index ended down 0.3% and Nasdaq composite slipped 0.1%. Earlier in that trading session markets fell sharply before recovering slightly.
The street protests caught Wall Street by surprise, causing uncertainty to spike and continuing the U.S. stock market's recent run of sharp up-and-down price movements. The Hong Kong markets are closed for the next two days because of holidays.

Pawar blames Chavan for splitUpdated: October 1, 2014 08:38 IST
Maharashtra Assembly polls
Pawar blames Chavan for split
Priyanka Kakodkar
The Hindu Nationalist Congess leader Sharad Pawar in Mumbai on Tuesday. Photo: Vivek Bendre
TOPICS
alliances and coalition
Claims Sonia was in favour of continuation of alliance
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) chief Sharad Pawar squarely blamed Maharashtra Congress leaders, mainly the outgoing Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan, on Tuesday for the collapse of the 15-year alliance between the two partie s.
In an interview to The Hindu, Mr. Pawar maintained that Congress president Sonia Gandhi had been in favour of continuing the alliance. However, in an interview to a television channel on Monday, the NCP chief had said that Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi and his team were averse to “carrying allies along.”
While Mr. Pawar side-stepped questions on the role of Mr. Gandhi, he said, “Our intention was to go for an alliance. Congress president Sonia Gandhi’s approach was also positive. But it looks like the State leadership had made up their mind to go separate ways,” he said.
He pointed to Mr. Chavan’s unavailability for talks during the crucial last days and the Congress’ decision to release its first list without informing the NCP as the final triggers to the break.
Instead, Mr. Pawar focussed his fire on Mr. Chavan. “His actions were not healthy for the alliance. His approach was to defame us and to demoralise our rank and file,” Mr. Pawar said. He alleged that Mr. Chavan’s “mischievous and unfair comments” on the irrigation sector fuelled the Opposition’s campaign against the NCP.
Post-poll options
Asked if the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Shiv Sena were possible post-election options for his party, Mr. Pawar said, “I hope my party gets absolute majority and does not need allies. But the fact is when these situations have come up in the past, we have never compromised on the issue of secularism.”
He denied allegations of a hidden deal with the BJP which led to the NCP terminating its alliance shortly after the saffron partners parted ways. “We had to take a decision because the filing of nominations had begun. It had nothing to do with the BJP’s decision,” he said.
Mr. Pawar was also critical of Prime Minister Narendra Modi. “Where is the Modi wave? If it was still there, we would not see such results in the recent by-polls,” he said. Claiming that farmers were already disappointed with Mr. Modi, Mr. Pawar said, “Except for good marketing, I do not see anything yet.”
President’s rule
Mr. Pawar also defended his party’s decision to pull out of the government, leading to the imposition of the President’s rule in the State. “We cannot contest against each other and govern together. It would look opportunistic,” he said.

Theres something really wrong with 1/3 of the planetIf it's not mealtime, it's chocolate time.(Reuters/Jim Bourg)
SHARE
Svati Kirsten Narula @svatikirsten
September 30, 2014
Here’s one sweeping takeaway from Nielsen’s new report on snacking habits around the world: The $374 billion global snack industry would seem to owe a lot to the relationship between women and chocolate.
In an online survey of 30,000 individuals from 60 countries, respondents were asked about general snacking preferences and the kinds of snack foods they had recently consumed. Among the 97% of respondents who said they ate snacks, 64% had reached for chocolate in the 30 days leading up to the survey, with women more likely than men to have done so. In fact, women outnumbered men in all snack categories regarding recent consumption: 57% of women had snacked on yogurt, for example, compared to 44% of men.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The second most-common snack around the world was fresh fruit, which 62% of people reported eating between or instead of meals.
When snacking habits are examined on regional scales, chocolate is still either the most or second-most popular snack, although other trends stand out. In Europe, for example, 58% of people snack on cheese. But only 33% snack on cheese in Asia and the Pacific, making it less popular than yogurt, gum, dumplings, and instant noodles there. In Latin America, 64% of people snack on cheese, putting it in the same league as ice cream (63%) and yogurt (66%) and ahead of fresh fruit (57%). North Americans, meanwhile, are most likely to reach for potato or tortilla chips, and a full 44% of them snack on peanut butter—the same proportion of those who snack on vegetables.
The worldwide trend in snacking is “all natural”—those two words are what 45% of consumers rate as “very important” when it comes to choosing a snack. More than 40% also prefer snacks free of artificial colors and flavors and genetically modified ingredients. Only 31% of people said they cared as much about protein content, and even fewer care about calories, carbohydrates, or the presence of high fructose corn syrup.
For a more detailed examination of the Nielsen report, see the Washington Post’s “ definitive guide to how people snack around the world.”
Share this:

Modi has 22+ rallies in BJPs historicplanPrint
Written by Vivek Deshpande | Nagpur | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:45 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will address at least 22 rallies in Maharashtra from October 4 to 13, state BJP in-charge Rajiv Pratap Rudy said in Nagpur Tuesday. “Maharashtra’s election campaign will be historic in its own way,” Rudy said. The BJP will announce its manifesto on October 30.
“The PM will address over 22 rallies. His programme will be finalised soon,” Rudy said. “He will also address rallies in Haryana.” The BJP’s slogan will be “Shiv Chhatrapati kaa aashirvaad, Modi ke saath”.
Almost all BJP central ministers and chief ministers will campaign. The issues for the campaign will be Maharashtra losing its pride of place in the areas of investment under Congress-NCP rule, industrial development and agricultural growth, farmers’ suicides and the BJP’s commitment to “clean” governance.
Rudy was confident the party would form the government on its own by winning over 180 seats. He described the possibility of having to take Shiv Sena along after the polls as “imaginary.” On the possiblility of tying up with the NCP, Rudy said, “No possibility at all. Door door tak sambhaavnaa nahin.”
Rudy said he has no comments to offer on Sena minister Anant Geete quitting the union cabinet, or on Uddhav Thackeray’s reported statement that the Sena is willing to go along with NDA.

Saradha scam: ED freezes bank accounts of Mohun Bagan  East Bengal football clubsmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

DA case: Karnataka HC agrees to hear Jayalalithaa s bail plea on Wednesday5
0
Bangalore: The Karnataka High Court will hear former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa's bail plea on Wednesday after her lawyers filed a memo seeking speedy hearing.
The court had earlier deferred the hearing till Monday, October 6.
Jayalalithaa, her aide Sasikala and two others were convicted in the Rs 66.65 crore corruption case by a special court in Bangalore on September 27. While the AIADMK chief was asked to pay Rs 100 crore, the other three were fined Rs 10 crore each.
#jayalalithaa #karnataka high court #disproportionate assets case #corruption
Jayalalithaa moved the High Court on Monday seeking bail and stay on the conviction orders.
The AIADMK chief is presently lodged in VVIP cell number 23 in the Central Prison at Parappana Agrahara on the outskirts of Bangalore.
9

PMS on high as rich investors queue up for a bull market rideYou are here: Home > Collections > Investors
Portfolio management schemes on a high as rich investors queue up for a bull market ride
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 09.09AM IST
Tags:
ASK Investment Managers
(According to data released…)
MUMBAI: Many well-heeled investors, better known as HNIs , are pouring money into portfolio management schemes (PMS) offered by brokerage houses investing in the listed stocks.
Assets under management (AUM) of discretionary PMS - programmes where the fund manager is free to take an investment call -- have more than doubled over the past one year, from Rs 15,097 crore in September 2013 to Rs 32,040 crore in August 2014, according to data released by Sebi.
While a slice of the AUM rise can be attributed to a surging market, portfolio managers confirm good inflows from existing as well as new clients. Investors can participate in a PMS by either writing a fresh cheque of a minimum Rs 25 lakh, or handover his existing equities portfolio (worth Rs 25 lakh or more).
"Due to high volatility in the equity market, many HNI investors are finding it increasingly difficult to manage their stock portfolio and are seeking professional help," says Aashish Somaiyaa, MD and CEO, Motilal Oswal Asset Management . Once an investor signs up for a PMS service, the existing equity portfolio is restructured in line with the model portfolio chosen by the investor.
Even though only a few PMS products have generated robust and steady returns, investors unfailingly go for them during every bull market. Managers of PMS try to differentiate themselves from mutual funds by offering greater flexibility in terms of stock selection as well as offering specific themes to attract investors.
Many of them run concentrated portfolios with 10-15 stocks. They have higher ability to take risk and buy into small- and micro-cap shares. For example, Motilal Oswal PMS runs a scheme which invests in midand small-cap stocks; the scheme is marketed as "the next trillion dollar opportunity".
The story they sell is: while the journey from $100 billion GDP to $1 trillion took 30 years, the next trillion dollars may take only seven years - an opportunity that the fund manager asks in vestors to capitalise on.
Another entity, ASK Investment Managers , runs a PMS named the Indian Entrepreneur Portfolio (IEP). Here, the fund manager invests in entrepreneur driven companies that have clocked a minimum profit ofRs 100 crore and have a return of capital employed (RoCE) of 25%.
In addition to metros, PMS managers are spotting opportunities in smaller cities like Agra, Ludhiana, Bareilly, Hubli and Vijawada. Apart from sales teams of brokerages, some PMS schemes are sold by wealth managers in private and MNC banks to their HNI clients looking at diversifying stock portfolio and taking focused bets.
For example, ASK wealth managers PMS schemes are sold by Kotak Wealth Management and several foreign banks to their HNI clients. Though PMS schemes do not have a lock-in period, fund managers often insist investors come in with at least a three-to-five year perspective.
"Investors often negotiate the fees with PMS providers which is a combination of fixed fees plus profit sharing or only profitsharing," says Amit Doshi, director, Care Portfolio Managers.
With portfolio managers competing with each other, many brokerages charge only if there is profit instead of the customary practice of charging a fixed annual fee.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi  Obama discuss trade; US extends defence pact by 10 yearsModi  Obama discuss trade; US extends defence pact by 10 years
US Vice Prez hosts lunch for ModiUS Vice Prez hosts lunch for Modi
Scorchers win. Lions lose. Super Kings advanceScorchers win. Lions lose. Super Kings advance
Champions League T20 — Marsh and Hogg help Perth Scorchers beat Lahore Lions by three wickets.
By Devashish Fuloria | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 30 Sep, 2014 7:49 PM IST
0
Marsh drives a delivery against Lions in Bengaluru.
A must-win pressure-cooker contest for a team, an improbable equation from the outset, then a lost toss, a batting collapse, a seriously underwhelming total of 124, followed by an even more challenging task - to hold the opposition to 78. For most, it would have been a lost cause. But when it's a team from Pakistan, one almost expects a miracle every single time.
Lahore Lions employed Test-match fields from the first over, their spinners created panic in the Perth Scorchers ranks, their fielders gobbled away all the chances, the wicketkeeper affected a stumping, there were appeals that were given, there were ones that were not given too. For 13 overs, the hopes of Lions' progression to semis remained strong as Scorchers were reduced to 64 for 7, until Brad Hogg drove, cut and hoicked 15 runs in the 14th over, bowled by Adnan Rasool, to shut the doors on Lions and let Chennai Super Kings through to the knockouts. The result - Scorchers winning by three wickets - was only of academic interest.
Lions had been in such a situation in the qualification stage of the tournament too. Faced with a must-win task, they bowled out Southern Express for 109 to register a heavy 55-run win. But their batting this evening, and the Robert Frylinck assault in their previous game that ate away on their net run rate, left them too big a task at hand.
Still, Mohammed Hafeez shrugged away the shadow of suspect-action sleuths and provided the ideal start, nipping out the wicket of opener Craig Simmons in the first over, getting him caught bat-pad at short leg. Replays showed the ball had missed the edge though. There was an inside edge off the very next ball, and the catch was taken at short leg, but unfortunately for Hafeez, the umpire Rod Tucker missed it completely.
The first over set the tone for Lions' fightback as their spinners made regular strikes, with Mustafa Iqbal picking up two wickets in the fifth over. By the ninth over, Scorchers were reduced to 40 for 6 but Mitchell Marsh , the stand-in skipper, maintained an aggressive stance against the spinners and fast bowlers alike. Once Scorchers crossed the figure of 78, the 125-run target was achieved with relative ease.
Even that target had appeared improbable after the start Lions had to their innings. Joel Paris removed Nasir Jamshed and Umar Siddiq in the first over, then Marsh picked the big wicket of Hafeez in the second. Wahab Riaz , promoted up the order, did not make a dent to the score, departing in the fourth over for a duck. From 11 for 4, Lions were revived by two stands of 43 and 48, with Saad Nasim, unbeaten on 69, playing a part in both. However, the hopes of a strong total had ended with Umar Akmal 's departure with the score on 54.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

India Inc disappointed yet sympathetic with status quoIndia Inc disappointed yet sympathetic with status quo
iPhone 6 can now be sold in ChinaiPhone 6 can now be sold in China
Wall St. ends down for day  month; indexes gain in quarterWall St. ends down for day  month; indexes gain in quarter
Heart to heart with HrithikUpdated: September 28, 2014 15:03 IST
Heart to heart with Hrithik
archana subramanian
Hindi cinema
Archana Subramanian catches up with Hrithik Roshan over a media lunch in Mumbai and has an informal, cosy chat with the Greek god
As Hrithik walks into the ballroom – hat and all – of The Marriott in Mumbai, you can almost feel his aura engulf you. You expect a hoity-toity personality but he surprises you with his down-to-earth demeanour. As he sits down across me for lunch, all the usual myths about celebrity pompousness are shattered. Before I can ask a question, he says, “Let me get to know you all better; it will help our interaction.” We chat informally, then he takes a second helping and says, “I love Indian food even though I may not eat it every day. Whenever I get the chance though, I eat a lot."
Full, he settles into answering questions. “Bang Bang! is the easiest film of my career, despite its challenges. It helped that I was already leading a life full of tribulations; I had become mentally stronger and come to terms with my fears.” Hrithik, of course, is referring to the serious medical condition that put him out of action for seven months. “When I was diagnosed with a clot in my brain, I thought it was all over and worried about the fate of this movie,” he says. He talks of how during those dark times even his own voice hurt. “Laughing, crying… everything hurt. It would have been easy for me to ask, ‘Why me?’ But life’s apparent unfairness brings out the best in you,” he says philosophically. When he returned to work, he wanted to perform his own stunts. He is casual about it. “I endured a threat to my life; my pain was controlling me. But when I recovered, everything seemed doable; that’s why I was able to do my own stunts. I was just pushing myself as I wanted my story to be an example for myself and others.”
Bang Bang! is the official remake of Knight and Day (2010) that starred Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz. Hrithik animatedly defends the adaptation by calling it ‘an inspiration’ and adds that only those who have seen the original film will be able to draw parallels. There’s a mischievous glint in his eyes as he talks about playing a thief whose life is full of twists and turns. “Until the end, you have to second-guess my character’s identity. The movie has given me a platform to be cool, suave and wear fancy clothes. Be it the fighting, the technology, the flyboarding, F1 racing or water skiing, I was able to live every dream by acting in this movie.”
The title track of the movie, which has Hrithik paying tribute to his dance icon Michael Jackson has gone viral. “I was initially apprehensive, as he is my dancing inspiration. I did not want to imitate him, but the dance routine was the idea of my director, Siddharth Anand, and choreographer Bosco. I did not want fear to stop me from doing this for MJ. If you look closely, you will see that I have also added some of my moves into the routine. I had a lot of fun and that’s probably why I have received so much love for the song.”
I end the interview with a rather commonplace question about what the future has in store. His answer is anything but. “I am an explorer, an adventurer… what the world fears, I want to conquer. You can expect the unexpected from me.” And, unexpectedly, he obliges me with a photo.

Rupee hits day s low of 61.77 vs $ after RBI policyYou are here: Home > Collections > Rupee
Rupee heads toward 61 against US dollar
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 03.50PM IST
Tags:
(A lower opening at the domestic…)
MUMBAI: The rupee hits day's low of 61.77 against the US currency after opening nine paise down.
A lower opening at the domestic equity market and the dollar's rise against other major currencies overseas put pressure on the rupee, dealers said.
Yesterday, the rupee had tanked 38 paise to log nearly 7-month closing low of 61.53 against the Greenback following dollar demand from importers and some weakness in stocks ahead of the RBI policy review.
FEATURED ARTICLES

U.K. final Q2 GDP revised up to 0.9% from 0.8% estimateSep 30, 2014, 02.09 PM IST  | Source: Investing.com
U.K. final Q2 GDP revised up to 0.9% from 0.8% estimate
U.K. final Q2 GDP revised up to 0.9% from 0.8% estimate
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
U.K. final Q2 GDP revised up to 0.9% from 0.8% estimate
U.K. final Q2 GDP revised up to 0.9% from 0.8% estimate
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The U.K. economy grew more than initially expected in the three months to September, fuelling optimism over the health of the economy, official data showed on Thursday.
In a report, the U.K.'s Office for National Statistics said gross domestic product expanded at a seasonally adjusted rate of 0.9% during the second quarter, above expectations for a 0.8% reading and up from a previous estimate of 0.7%.
Annualized GDP grew at a rate of 3.2% in the second quarter, in line with expectations and unchanged from a previous forecast.
Total business investment rose by a seasonally adjusted 3.3% in the second quarter, compared to a previous forecast for a 0.9% gain.
GBP/USD was trading at 1.6244 from around 1.6266 ahead of the release of the data, while EUR/GBP was at 0.7800 from 0.7791 earlier.
Meanwhile, European stock markets remained mixed. London's FTSE 100 shed 0.1%, the DJ Euro Stoxx 50 tacked on 0.25%, France's CAC 40 added 0.4%, while Germany's DAX inched up 0.1%.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Pagaria Energy: Outcome of AGMOct 01, 2014, 01.01 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pagaria Energy: Outcome of AGM
Women Networks has informed that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pagaria Energy: Outcome of AGM
Women Networks has informed that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Women Networks Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Aris International: Outcome of AGMOct 01, 2014, 01.01 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Aris International: Outcome of AGM
Aris International has informed that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Aris International: Outcome of AGM
Aris International has informed that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Aris International Ltd has informed BSE that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Modi  Obama vow to take Indo-US relationship to a new level; discuss defence ties  economy  N-deal10
0
Washington: At their first bilateral meeting, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama vowed to "deepen existing ties" and scale up cooperation in substantive bilateral, regional and international issues including economy, trade, nuclear deal, climate change, the war against terror, combating the Middle East violence and regional security.
The two countries agreed to resolve the issues haranguing the civil nuclear deal and step up defence ties by renewing the Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for a further 10 years.
India and the US also agreed to intensify their cooperation in the war against terror and improving coordination to help Afghanistan fight insurgency.
#modi meets obama #modi meets america #narendra modi us visit #bilateral meet
Prime Minister Narendra Modi invited American companies to participate in Indian defence manufacturing sector.
India had recently raised the foreign investment cap in the defence sector from 26 to 49 per cent.
Sharing concerns over the threat of terrorism in South Asia and emerging challenges in West Asia, where Islamist group ISIS has been on the rampage, Modi said the two
countries agreed to intensify cooperation in counter terrorism and intelligence sharing.
Obama said India was emerging as a major power for peace and security in the region.
Both of them had a candid discussion about WTO issues. "India supports trade facilitation but it is my wish that a solution  should take care of our food security concerns. I am sure that it is possible to do that early."
"I am looking forward to building up on relationship and make more progress," he said.
The President said the two leaders discussed various issues including trade and economic cooperation, cooperate in exploration of space and scientific developments especially to deal with challenges like Ebola.
With additional information from PTI
251

Unable to get bail  Jaya refuses to meet Panneerselvam injailPrint
Written by Johnson T A | Bangalore | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:45 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 2:54 am
Former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa refused to meet her successor O Panneerselvam at the Bengalore Central Prison on Tuesday, although the latter had already been granted permission by the jail authorities.
According to sources, Jayalalithaa directed Panneerselvam to return to Tamil Nadu. Paneerselvam arrived in Bangalore on Monday, shortly after being sworn in as the new Chief Minister.
Sources said Jayalalithaa was upset that her AIADMK ministers and colleagues had failed to secure bail for her. She was reportedly upset after she heard on Tuesday morning that her appeal in the Karnataka High Court had been adjourned by five days.
The official reason cited to Panneerselvam, however, was her poor health.
Senior officials from Tamil Nadu subsequently met Karnataka High Court officials and managed to get her hearing advanced to Wednesday.
Since being sent to judicial custody, Jayalalithaa has refused to meet any leader from Tamil Nadu. About 15 AIADMK leaders are camping in different hotels here in the hope of meeting her.

Govt digs out old rule to ban China crackersYou are here: Home > Collections
Government digs out old rule to ban China crackers
ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 07.02AM IST
Tags:
China
(The possession and sale…)
NEW DELHI: Ahead of Dwali, the government has reiterated an old rule to discourage the use of Chinese fireworks.
The possession and sale of fireworks of foreign origin are illegal and punishable under law, the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) reiterated on Monday. Diwali falls on October 23.
In recent years, large quantities of cheap Chinese fireworks have been smuggled into the country.
Apart from being a safety hazard, they have severely dented the domestic industry. Various lobbies have told the government that the smuggled fireworks contain hazardous potassium chlorate, which can ignite spontaneously.
An Assocham study two years ago suggested that Indian units lose about Rs 1,800 crore to Chinese fireworks.
The Tamil Nadu Fireworks and Amerces Manufacturers' Association (TANFAMA) has told the government that "illegal fireworks of foreign origin have penetrated into our country in large quantities and they are likely to be sold through retail outlets extensively during coming Diwali season," said the release. The manufacture, possession, use and sale of any explosive containing sulphur or sulphurate along with any chlorate has banned since 1992.
The ministry of home affairs had written to all state governments in October last year highlighting the danger of smuggled Chinese fireworks containing potassium chlorate and the need to deal strictly with persons found in possession of such material. The Indian fireworks industry, though highly unorganised, is estimated to employ about 3 lakh people across the country.
While the fireworks business is growing around 10% annually, according to newspaper reports, manufacturers say their margins are getting squeezed due to the cheap Chinese crackers .
FEATURED ARTICLES

In Significant Test  Fed Facility Fails to Defend Short-Term...In Significant Test  Fed Facility Fails to Defend Short-Term...
CURRENCIES: Dollar Index Sees Biggest Quarterly Rise Since...CURRENCIES: Dollar Index Sees Biggest Quarterly Rise Since...
know your customer guidelines eased for individuals by RBIknow your customer guidelines eased for individuals by RBI
Consumers value their personal data at 170 / 140  Orange study findsConsumers value their personal data at 170 / 140  Orange study finds
US Nod to Build LNG Plant to Ship Fuel to IndiaUS Nod to Build LNG Plant to Ship Fuel to India
Pre-market: Nifty seen opening flat; may retest 7950 levelsGEPL Capital
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open flat on Wednesday tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets . Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological support level of 7,950 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 18.50 points lower at 7970 indicating muted opening on the domestic market.
Nifty remained highly volatile throughout the session on Tuesday and despite attempts to edge higher it met with severe selling pressure and concluded the day almost flat at 7964 gaining 5 points.
Though Nifty managed to clear the immediate resistance of 8020, it remained below the next important resistance of 8040. Despite the severe decline of about 100 points in intraday it respected the support of 7920.
"The immediate support for Nifty continues to remain at 7920 and any breach of 7920 would increase the likelihood of further decline till 7840 which is the trend reversal level for the index," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"However, if Nifty manages to respect 7920 as a support and clear the resistance of 8040 as well then we may see further upside till 8090 - 8100," added the report. We continue to recommend a stop loss of 7840 for positional Nifty traders.
Overnight, US stocks ended lower after economic data disappointed. U.S. consumer confidence fell in September for the first time in five months and home prices in July rose less than expected from a year earlier, Reuters reported.
"Continued civil unrest in Hong Kong sapped confidence, while the dollar index was in sight of a four-year high after marking its best quarterly gain in six years," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 28.32 points, or 0.17 per cent, to 17,042.9, the S&P 500 lost 5.51 points, or 0.28 per cent, to 1,972.29 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 12.46 points, or 0.28 per cent, to 4,493.39.
Trading in Asia was expected to be more subdued than usual, with China closed for National Day and investors warily monitoring developments in Hong Kong's pro-democracy unrest, added the Reuters report.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.12 per cent higher at 16,192 and South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.60 per cent lower at 2,008.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Manwani to retire as Unilever COO on December 31Manwani to retire as Unilever COO on December 31
RBI cautious over inflationRBI cautious over inflation
Microsoft plans to get on India s cloud 9Microsoft plans to get on India s cloud 9
Healthier-than-expected core sector data has allayed fears about industrial growth in August 2014Healthier-than-expected core sector data has allayed fears about industrial growth in August 2014
Apple to start selling new iPhones in ChinaApple to start selling new iPhones in China
Airlines dole out new years offers to fliersAirlines dole out new year's offers to fliers
IANS –  Mon 29 Sep, 2014 6:00 PM IST
Print
>
Newc Delhi, Sep 29 (IANS) To lure more flyers this festive and upcoming New Year travel season domestic airlines Monday launched attractive fare schemes.
Budget carrier Spicejet was the first to announce its 'Early New Year' sale whereby passengers can book tickets at Rs.699 (excluding taxes and fees).
The airline said that the booking period for the sale is between Sep 29 to Oct 1 for travel between Jan 16 to Oct 24 2015.
Full service carrier Jet Airways too announced a competitive prices for travel in the coming New Year. It launched a special economy class fares on sale effective Sep 29 to Oct 01, 2014 which is valid for travel between Jan 16 and and Aug 25, 2015.
The discounts on base fare and fuel surcharge for the airline starts from Rs.700.
"The New Year fares offer flexibility in terms of travel validity, where guests may plan their travel anytime for the seven months period," the airline was quoted in a statement.
Sectoral experts said that other airlines are also expected to join in by offering discounted airfares.
Related Video

Deposit rates to be cutSep 30, 2014, 03.25 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
With eased liquidity, can bankers cut deposit rates now?
The Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan stayed put on the key policy rates in his fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today, but sounded caution as far as meeting 2016 CPI target was concerned.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
With eased liquidity, can bankers cut deposit rates now?
The Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan stayed put on the key policy rates in his fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today, but sounded caution as far as meeting 2016 CPI target was concerned.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
In the fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said, “with credit growth falling well below deposit growth in August and September, structural sources of liquidity pressures also eased.” This basically translates into eased liquidity condition in Q2 2014-15.
Over this cooling off of liquidity conditions, Ranjan Dhawan, executive director,  Bank of Baroda says bankers now have a case for cutting deposit rates.
Governor Rajan refrained from taking any action on the key policy rates in his credit policy review today, but sounded caution as far as meeting consumer price index (CPI) target of 6 percent for 2016 was concerned. The central bank believes the macro data point is at risk over late monsoons and volatile geo-political developments.
However, VG Kannan, managing director,  State Bank of India believes that while one can be hopeful of meeting the CPI target, more action is required from the government to rein in this macro data.
“The Governor is trying to push the government to take more action on the inflation front. For example, try to have some control on the hoarding and also allow free movement of goods thereby ensuring the supply is adequate and the inflation starts coming down,” says Kannan.
So, no rate this year?
Kannan and Dhawan believe so. Dhawan rules out any rate cut for the next three to four months and says it will be too early to assume any policy action for January.
Kannan agrees but adds that the likelihood of any easing of rates can come in H2FY2016.
“Maybe in the Q3 you might have a chance based on what is the fiscal which the government is in position to achieve. Oil prices also have come down recently but going forward it may also go up. So, there are so many uncertainties in the market,” he adds.
However, deposit rates may see some cooling off, says Dhawan.
“The yields have been falling and there is little demand for easy credit. So a deposit rate cut could come in, but that will have more to do with weak demand that with this policy,” adds Dhawan.
RELATED NEWS

Mkt ignored RBI policyLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
No action on rates unlikely to have big impact on mkt: IIFL
The Reserve Bank of India has kept its key policy rates unchanged in the fourth bi-monthly credit policy review today.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Nirmal Jain, Chairman of IIFL , says the Credit Policy was on expected lines as there have been several indications by the RBI on this. Moreover, he does not see a rate cut this year.
However, Jain feels this was the opportune time to go in for a rate cut. "The global commodity prices are down, crude prices are down, core inflation is down. So you cannot have better than these circumstances to trigger investment cycle, which has virtually collapsed," he told CNBC-TV18.
From stock market’s perspective, he does not think the status quo on rates will have any major impact. He says the markets have already factored in no action on rates and have been looking for at more policy reforms.
Cautious on PSU banks, Jain says he will not take any aggressive position in them for the next two quarters as the SC’s coal ruling has put huge pressure on their asset quality.
He feels the 6.3 percent growth forecast by RBI is conservative in nature.
Latha: What have you made of the policy? What is your in-house economist telling you? When are you expecting the next rate cut and does it matter at all to the market in the near-term?
A: This is more or less on the expected lines because for last few weeks, we are going to be reading and there have been several indications by RBI that they will maintain status quo and rate cut will not happen. The policy or whatever has come is on expected lines because more or less I think through various sources RBI had already indicated their stance and what their intent was.
The way things stand today, rate cut may not happen in this calendar year, we may have to wait for next year but if you look at RBI’s policy commentary that has come, that non-food credit has reached its lowest level since 2001. So the overall credit growth has been less than 10 percent. I am of the view that this was an opportune time for rate cut, forget about stock market impact but the economy as a whole because global commodity prices are down, crude prices are down, core inflation is down. So you cannot have better than these circumstances to trigger investment cycle, which has virtually collapsed.
Also, S&P has upgraded the rating outlook from negative to stable. So this was a right environment to give impetus to growth but unfortunately RBI probably gives a lot more weightage to what they see as headline inflation number and within inflation also, if you see food and fuel have 60 percent weightage and food and fuel prices are absolutely not at all correlated with monetary policy, they have no impact whosoever of interest rate or tightening of monetary policy. So we have a policy direction and they are growth imperatives for the macro-economy but at this point in time, I think we will have to -- but there maybe other overwriting concerns which are about currency because you don’t want -- as it is rupee has been under a bit of pressure because dollar is strengthening and you don’t want to do a rate cut which can put further pressure on currency so that is one thing.
Secondly, deposit rates also - RBI would not like it to come down but rate cut is losing its relevance because there is no transmission in the actual rate of borrowing and lending. As you heard, a senior banker that already borrowers are able to put pressure on banks and get the rates down and counter impact of this will be on the deposit rates, they will also be brought down.
So to a large extent, the benchmark rates that RBI announces, we will lose relevance because the demand/supply for liquidity and money is dictating a downward pressure on rates and the yield.
Latha: The argument of the economists is on a different trajectory and their expectation is perhaps no rate cut from the RBI probably for another year. Let us take that as a given. I am just asking you should the stock market ponder about this at all. You are not going to get a rate cut for another 12 months and that is very possibly a base case scenario but you could get deposit rate cut as the bankers have been saying. So, what is the stock market impact is what I want to know? 
A: I think stock market point of view rate cut not happening is not positive but stock market will be impacted by multiple variables and this is one of the small variables. I do not think this alone will decide the course of stock market for next one year. Market is looking forward to more policy decisions; market is looking forward to government taking some decisive action on coal, gas and the stalled projects. So, those will more than out way the negative impact of no rate cut and to whatever little I understand, I do not think it is given that there will be no rate cut for a year because if things change dramatically on inflation front, things change dramatically on economy front them RBI is going to have credit policy statement every two-three months. So one shouldn’t take it as given but that is a negative for stock market but as I said that there can be other factors which are far stronger than this and stock market direction cannot be just a forecast based on rate cut or no rate cut alone.
RELATED NEWS

Don t think of rate cut!Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rajan won't budge on rates soon, get used to it: Economists
Taimur Baig, Chief Economist, Asia, Global Markets Research, Deutsche Bank expects Governor Raghuram Rajan to keep key interest rates unchanged as long as possible.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for the fourth consecutive time kept key policy rates unchanged citing risks to its 6 percent inflation target by January 2016 . Going ahead, any decision on rates will be purely dependent on the inflation data. This, despite the consumer price index (CPI) inflation, a benchmark for setting lending rates, cooled off marginally to 7.8 percent in August from 7.96 percent a month earlier.
It also kept both the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) unchanged.
Brace for a prolonged pause
While there was a unanimous consensus that the central bank will hold fire today, economists now are of the view that it is unlikely for RBI to move on rates until the next one year at least. In fact Taimur Baig, Chief Economist, Asia, Global Markets Research, Deutsche Bank expects Governor Raghuram Rajan to keep key interest rates unchanged as long as possible. "The question now becomes one of political economy because as far as central bank’s aspirations are concerned it sees considerable uncertainty to get to 6 percent inflation by January 2016 and hence I am sure it would given its body language like to maintain policy unchanged for a very long time," he tells CNBC-TV18 in an interview.
RBI’s emphasis on data is a positive, believes Dr Samiran Chakraborty, Head Of Research, Standard Chartered Bank. In a span of 14 months, from now till January 2016, many factors on the local and global front can change and RBI will have to adopt itself towards that. One shouldn’t expect any rate cut until RBI is extremely comfortable that its 6 percent target will be met.
Another positive takeaway from Rajan’s press briefing post policy announcement is that he made a distinction between model-based forecast and a subjective judgment-based forecast. Because for countries like our, model-based forecasts typically don't work that well. “I am happy that RBI is keeping that in mind and not going by any rule-based monetary policy,” he adds.
Reacting to RBI’s fourth bi-monthly policy, Sonal Varma, India Economist at Nomura Financial Advisory & Securities says RBI’s view seems to be that the 6 percent target will not be breached by January 2016 based on the current policy path – two things that can be understood either between now and then the government takes some actions to ease inflation down or the RBI may take some policy action without stating so in so many words.
“If Rajan sees some upside risk to the inflation target then he needs to take some action or risk hurting his credibility,” she says. However, there is likelihood of inflation cooling off more than RBI’s projections.
A little less hawk
Apart from rate action, the market was keenly watching RBI’s tone with many expecting the governor to continue to remain hawkish. In a CNBC-TV18 poll, seventy percent of the respondents said Rajan's tone will be as hawkish as in August, but only 30 percent said he will tone down his hawkishness.
According to Neeraj Gambhir, Managing Director & Co-Head Of Fixed Income, Nomura India, today RBI’s tone was better than that in the August policy. “While there is an upside risk to the 6 percent objective, they have noted some improvement and may be that risk is a little less than what they thought it is in the month of August. So, there is a very small improvement compared to the previous policy,” he adds.
A non-event policy?  
As far as impact on bond yields is concerned, since a status-quo policy was already anticipated, the bond yields didn’t react to it much, says Gambhir. Going ahead, bond market will focus shift back to the supply-demand equation and the US data which will be announced towards the end of this month, he adds.
Over the span on next three-four months, bond yields are likely to head down by 20-25 bps from hereon and the bond market would be entirely driven by a fairly strong inflow, he says.
“We are getting in a phase where a large part of government borrowing programme will be over by December-January. There will be a substantial improvement in the liquidity in the system and very strong foreign flows could continue. So, all of these factors can put some kind of a downward pressure on the bond yields,” he explains. Gambhir remains constructive on the Indian bond market.
RBI’s next bi-monthly policy statement is on December 2.
RELATED NEWS

Rouble hits low on capital control fearsSeptember 30, 2014 3:09 pm
Rouble hits record low against dollar after capital control fears
By Kathrin Hille, Delphine Strauss and Pan Kwan Yuk
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ead790f2-48a4-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Global inflation easing  we can import disinflation: RajanLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Global inflation easing, we can import disinflation: Rajan
In his bi-monthly monetary policy announced today, Rajan kept rates unchanged but sounded caution as far as meeting the 2016 consumer price index (CPI) target of 6 percent is concerned.
Post your opinion here
 
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan has continued to keep a tight control on the key policy rates , showcasing his commitment to lower inflation levels. In his bi-monthly monetary policy announced today, Rajan kept rates unchanged but sounded caution as far as meeting the 2016 consumer price index (CPI) target of 6 percent is concerned.
While Rajan continues to be hawkish, in an interview to CNBC Awaaz, he said it is not necessary that the RBI will cut rates only if CPI hits 6 percent, but the central bank will have more room to ease rates if the macro data is near 6 percent.
Commenting on the RBI’s target of 6 percent, Rajan says the economic model hints at a 7 percent CPI inflation and the RBI may hike rates if the target comes higher than 6 percent.
However, Rajan is quick to add that there’s almost a year and a quarter before that target is either achieved or missed.
“There are positive things happening. The minimum support prices (MSP) have increased in double digits and this will help moderate other food prices. The government is also taking significant steps like amending the APMC Act, setting up warehouses and cold storages,” adds Rajan on the possibility of a positive food price shock.
“Globally, food prices and commodity prices are easing. If we import this, we will be importing disinflation and this will help in bringing down inflation,” he further adds.
Below is the edited transcript of the interview.
Q: This time in your policy you have explained everything in detail?
A: Yes, for the first time we have presented a monetary policy report. In other places it is called as inflation report. This is for the first time that we have presented it. All the details are there in it and that’s why you realised that there is some difference.
Q: So can we believe that this will be a standard practice going ahead?
A: Yes.
Q: Your target for January 2016 is 6 percent and now you think it will be 7 percent. If you change your projection after every two months then market will take guidance from there?
A: When we project inflation we project with a model and according to the model in January 2016 inflation will be 7 percent. However, when we put our judgment depending on the model, the result is that that in January 2016 inflation will be 6 percent. This means that when we do the judgment based on the model then we basically think that inflation is on the path to hit 6 percent.
Q: What is it that you cannot feed in model? What are you assumptions and understanding which you are trying to understand?
A: There is no political activity in model. The model is a straight line projection that food prices will be this because in the past food inflation was this, but you have to put on top of that your view on what action will be taken on food. Also sometimes the model doesn’t take full account of changing structures of the economy. So, these are all things that we have to think about and put into our framework to get a sense of what is happening.
One of the things we have been quite heartened by is that non-food, non-fuel inflation has been coming down quite steadily. That seems to suggest that the disinflationary process is underway whether that is fully captured by the model is questionable.
Q: So when you talk about structural changes then what important thing come to your mind?
A: Amongst the various structural changes are firstly, in the outside world, inflation has come down tremendously and that is reflected in oil prices but other commodities have come down and in general across the world the problem is disinflation.
So, if we are importing and usually our models do not have a very good, well developed outside sector in the model, then we get the possibility that we might be importing disinflation which will bring inflation down.
Q: You just said that political development cannot be forecasted in the model and in that, you discussed about food inflation. So the graph which you have given which stating that positive food shock might happen because of which 6 percent inflation will be there. What type of intervention you are thinking that government might do?
A: First is minimum support price. Minimum support prices have been increasing at double digit rates in the past. Last two times both in the UPA government and in the NDA government, the rise has been moderate single digit – that will help because that will stem the rise in grain prices - for example; and that will help other food prices also stay a little more moderate. Second, if you look at food prices across the world, they have stabilised, in fact, fallen – we will import some of that disinflation into the country. Third, the government is taking some structural steps. It has been talking about the Agricultural Produce Market Committee (APMC) Act; some states have amended the APMC act, for example Delhi. Talking about logistic warehouses, cold storage when all these things will come, then I expect some supply effects also to kick in. All this is hard for the model to pick up. It is something we have to put on top.
Q: It seems this will take a lot of time and according to that, you are still saying that you are doubtful about the target and most of the economists are now thinking that 2015 can go without rate cut?
A: We are not saying that we will cut rates only if inflation hits 6 percent. We are saying we will have the room to be more accommodative. When we project that inflation will hit 6 percent by January 2016, so there is almost a year and a quarter left for that time and so there is a long time, some of the supply effects can come into play by then, the rabi crop will be a big factor. If that is strong, people say the reservoirs are full, so that will help the rabi crop. All that will play out over the year. We will see what will happen. Kharif crop, we have some initial numbers – those numbers tend to get revised. Let us see how that plays out, let us see the impact on actual food inflation; some times we have strong crops but high inflation.
So, let us see how all that play out and of course, there is non-food aspect to inflation also. Fuel, oil prices have been coming down. Let us see how long that stays that way and how much it feeds into inflation. So, there is a lot to see. We have said - when we feel that inflation has projected to 2016 will fall below our target of 6 percent; we will have room to cut. Similarly, we feel it will be significantly above or above our target, we will have to take steps to ensure that it meets the target.
Q: So you are saying that rate hike might happen?
A: Both sides.
Q: You are accepting that your target will not meet in present circumstances then you should hike rate now?
A: I didn’t say that. I said that we are on track to meet the target in January 2016 because the model says 7 plus, our judgement says 6, let us see how it evolves. What is important to realise is in other countries, the model has been perfected over many years, the economy is fairly stagnant. It is not growing at tremendous space and so it is well understood that the model spit out the collective wisdom of people. We are in the early stages of developments.
Q: You are saying that you will do the rate cut when you feel that inflation has come below 6 percent – you will do that when your model will show that or when your judgement will be there because you are giving two different criteria?
A: Model plus judgement. Our policy is set based on model, which is based on model that is based on data plus our judgement overriding it. If I did not put my judgement, I could put the model in my chair and say monetary policy is determined by the model. It cannot be that way.
Q: Difference is that the economists who are trying to understand your model or they have their own models and from that they are assuming so they are feeling that to project 6 percent number based on facts, figures and data is not possible for next one year but based on judgement it seems that it might happen in next two months?
A: Most of the people are projecting that it is not possible and some are projecting that it will come below 6 percent. If you look at the market, it is on either side. There are some who are saying that you will have to raise rates, there are some who are saying that buy early next year. Some people are projecting January-February; you will be able to cut rates. I am giving you the conditions that we will be looking for but I am also telling you that I am staying away from projecting when those conditions will be met because the economy is a complex economy, it is evolving and we have to see how it moves. A model is only an abstraction. It captures part of what the economy looks like. Therefore, I am saying that in this complicated world, we also have to use our judgement as economist to get a sense of how we are going there. 
Q: Since the super cycle in crude is coming to an end should we gear up for lower rates?
A: I don’t know much about super cycle but one thing I know is that both Euro and China are very weak and that is the reason I believe demand for the commodities like crude is weak.

Euro tumbles on ECB easing speculationEuro tumbles on ECB easing speculation
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a74cd96-484f-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Food Waste Fiasco: You Have To See It To Believe itreddit
You may have already heard a few appalling facts about food waste but just in case you haven't, here are a few tidbits of information to catch you up on the issue.
-We throw away 165 billion dollars worth of food per year in America.  That's more than the budgets for America's national parks, public libraries, federal prisons, veteran's health care, the FBI, and the FDA combined.
-About 50 million of our 317 million Americans are food insecure yet we produce enough food to feed over 500 million Americans.
-To create just the amount of food that ends up in the landfills we waste enough water to meet the domestic water needs of every American citizen.
Even with these mind-blowing statistics you probably still need to see it to believe it.  That is where I come in.
This weekend I arrived in New York City from my second bike ride across America living on food from grocery store dumpsters. On my first ride dumpster diving across America , about 70% of my diet came from dumpsters, totaling up to about 280 pounds of food over 4,700 miles of cycling.
This is what a typical dumpster score looked like:
This time around, halfway across the country, I vowed to eat exclusively out of grocery store dumpsters until I reached New York City. For the 1,000 miles and seven weeks of riding from Madison, Wisconsin to New York City you could have spotted me in any of 300 or so dumpsters across America. I admit I slipped up on my vow a few times.  Once when a brownie was set down in front of me in Baltimore, another time over some freshly popped popcorn, and a few times I picked a fresh tomato or leafy green out of a garden.  Plus I used oil and some herbs for cooking when visiting friends in their homes.  Other than that I ate like a dumpster king and gained five pounds even with all of the time spent on my bike.
Here's what a guy who eats straight from the dumpster looks like:
I'm not just dining from the dumpster to meet my needs though.  I'm doing this to inspire America to stop throwing away food.  My interactions with whomever I crossed paths with helped them to see the food waste fiasco firsthand but still I said I would help YOU see it to believe it.
That is where photos from my public demonstrations come into play.  In seven cities along the tour I went out dumpster diving, usually just for one night, and set up my find in a public park the next day.  Many people were shocked by what I showed them and even more were angry, not at me, but at the waste of our society when millions of Americans are hungry.
I had just a few days at most in each city to pull these fiascos together.  Here is what my friend Dane and I managed to scrounge up in Madison, Wisconsin in two days:
I found a volunteer via social media with a vehicle to help in each city since I couldn't carry all of the food on my bicycle.  This was is what we gathered in Chicago, Illinois:
None of the volunteers even had dumpster diving experience and I was completely new to the dumpster scene in each city. In Detroit, Michigan we started diving the morning of the event and the car was filled with this in 2 hours:
In Cleveland, Ohio we spent seven hours at the dumpsters the night before the event and brought this food to Cleveland Public Square.  It was 90 degrees that day so much of the food we found in the dumpsters was spoiled.  This is just the good stuff that we pulled out:
In Lancaster, Pennsylvania we had two vehicles and we hit about ten dumpsters between the two teams. This is what we took home in four hours.
Two days later I rolled up in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania at 9:00 PM, started diving an hour later, and was sound asleep with this score by 1:00 AM.
The food was still very high quality stuff but I never intended to even give it away.  I just wanted to show people what we are wasting.  But then people started to take the food and that made the mission all the better.  Guys like David were so happy to eat and to share it with their friends:
Between all of the demonstrations that I hosted we ended up giving away over $10,000 worth of food and fed well over 500 people.  To me that is proof of how good the food is that we are throwing away.
I've learned that I can roll up in nearly any city across America and collect enough food to feed 100's of people in a matter of one night.  The only thing that limited me was the size of the vehicle I had to transport it.  My experience shows me that grocery store dumpsters are being filled to the brim with perfectly good food every day in nearly every city across America, all while children at school are too hungry to concentrate on their studies.
My intentions with these photos are to help you to get an idea of the scale of this issue.  Even still these are just photos.  Seeing it in person is a whole different story.  So my mission continues.  If you are in New York I invite you to join me in person this Tuesday, September 30th, in Union Square Park for the final fiasco of the tour.  I'll have been out diving in the area for the weekend and you'll be able to see first hand what America is throwing away. The food will be set up for display by 5:00 PM and after a few hours of viewing it will be free for the taking.
I know not all of you are in New York though and I also want YOU to see it for yourself.  So I encourage you to go to your grocery store and do something a little different from your normal routine.  I want you to walk around to the back of the store, find their dumpster, and take a look inside.  You don't have to take any of the food home with you.  You don't have to get in the dumpster either.  Just take a peak and see this problem for yourself.  The dumpster may be locked or it may have just been emptied so check out a few places if needed.  The first time you see a dumpster full of food your life could be changed forever.  If you feel inclined to be a part of the solution I encourage you to photograph or video the wasted food you find and spread it on social media using #DonateNotDump .  Tweet it at the store and let them know that we are not going to stand for their waste anymore.
With that action in mind you should be versed in this a little bit more before you hit the dumpsters.  Our message to the grocery stores is that we want them to stop dumping their excess food and start donating it to non-profits so it can be distributed to people in need.  Through my hands on experience and research I have found that it is a win-win situation for grocery stores to do this. They are protected from lawsuits by the Good Samaritan Food Act , they get tax write offs, they spend less on dumpster fees, and most importantly they are doing what is right for their community when they donate their excess food!  The most common excuse for not donating is that they fear liability but they are protected and according to a University of Arkansas study not a single lawsuit has ever been made against a grocery store that has donated food to a food rescue program.
Thousands of food rescue programs, such as City Harvest , Feeding America , and The Food Recovery Network are already feeding people across America and thousands of stores are already donating to these non-profits and food banks.  However it is a very small fraction of what could be done.   We need more stores donating more often and we need them to compost what they can't donate rather than sending it off to the landfill.
You don't even have to peak into their dumpsters if you don't want to.  Share this article with supermarkets or simply talk to the manager while you are at the store and let them know that it is important to you, their customers. Humans with hearts run these stores and we can get them to change for the better!  It's up to us to hold them accountable to treat the environment and our hungry Americans with the respect they deserve.
I believe that we are at a tipping point for ending food waste and with citizen action we can solve this.   The excitement inside me tells me that my generation will drastically reduce food waste in our time.
Start by telling your grocery store to #DonateNotDump!
Follow Rob Greenfield on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RobJGreenfield
More:

SC coal order may hit power tariff & steel output cost  says IcraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BJP defeat would hurt stocks: CLSABJP defeat would hurt stocks: CLSA
Bloomberg |  Sep 30, 2014 10:39 PM IST
A loss for the Bharatiya Janata Party in Maharashtra and Haryana would be "sentiment negative" for Indian stocks, CLSA has said in a note. The recent break-up of local alliances and the lack of strong chief ministerial candidates are negatives for the political party, the note said.

Tens of thousands flood Hong Kong streetsHong Kong marks National Day with protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83f90ad2-48bd-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dalal Street flummoxed as Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers shares defy gravityDalal Street flummoxed as Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers shares defy gravity
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 06.03AM IST
Tags:
Adventz Group
(Speculation has it that…)
MUMBAI: The surge in shares of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers (MCF) in the past two days has left many on Dalal Street confused. The jump in the share price came a few days after Saroj Poddar-led Adventz Group and Deepak Fertilisers, which are locked in a battle to takeover MCF, revised their offer to launch the open offer.
On Friday, Deepak Fertilisers revised their offer price to buy shares of minority shareholders at Rs 93.60 per share from Rs 63. Adventz Group, which is acting in concert with MCF promoter Vijay Mallya, revised from Rs 68.55 to Rs 81.60. On Thursday, before the offer price upgrades, the stock closed at Rs 73. MCF shares, which have surged 34% since Thursday, rose 2.7% to close at Rs 97.80 on Tuesday. Speculation has it that a few stock market operators are behind the spurt in MCF shares beyond the Deepak Fertilisers' open offer price.
"Some White Knight seems to have accumulated MCF shares on behalf of someone on Monday and Tuesday to perk up share price and to make sure the open offer fails," said Arun Kejriwal, founder, KRIS, an investment advisory firm.
"There could be possibility that shares, which were acquired with the intention to tender in the open offer on behalf of someone, may not be tendered to the person who has offered the best price," he added.
The total public shareholding is 36.29% and the open offer is from two competing parties to get 26%. Analysts said investors in MCF could consider selling in the market at this juncture. MCF is currently trading at a price-toearnings ratio of 15.62 against 5.87 in Chambal Fertilisers and 5.83 in Deepak Fertilisers.
"Those investors who have been holding MCF shares for a long time can sell them in the open market as open offer would be subject to long-term capital gain tax," said G Chokkalingam, founder & CEO, Equinomics Research & Advisory. "In case the shares were bought less than one year ago, they could be offered in the open offer to the higher bidder which in this case is Deepak Fertilisers." The open offer closes on October 17.
Sudip Bandyopadhyay, managing director & CEO, Destimoney Securities , said investors can wait and exit in the open market just before the offer closes.
Deepak Fertilisers Group owns 25.31%, Adventz Group holds 16.43% and UB Group of Vijay Mallya has 21.97%. If one were to combine the holding of Adventz and UB, the same increases to 38.40% still requiring a further 11.61% to get the majority while Deepak requires 24.70% to reach that mark.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shrewd investor Carl Icahn is killing itShrewd investor Carl Icahn is killing it
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN September 30, 2014: 1:07 PM ET
Carl Icahn has made a killing on eBay, and other notable investments in recent years.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Love him or hate him, Carl Icahn's streak just got hotter.
The legendary investor is making out like a bandit from eBay's decision Tuesday to spinoff PayPal , a move that he's been openly campaigning for since earlier this year.
Exactly how much he'll profit is hard to say, but Icahn owned over 30 million shares of eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ) at the end of June, according to a recent SEC filing. The stock rose about $3.90 a share today alone. That's a gain of almost $120 million in just a few hours.
But the eBay victory is just the latest in a series of recent wins for Icahn, who uses savvy investing, Twitter prowess and public shaming of corporate management to get results. It's the reason regular investors keep an eye on his bets and consider getting in too.
Icahn on fire: The veteran activist started acquiring a multi-billion stake in Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) in the summer of 2013, an investment that's paid off handsomely amidst the stock's record run.
"Believed $AAPL to be one of my 'no-brainers'. Anyone that invested at that time would be up 53% (including dividends)," Icahn tweeted on August 19th.
He didn't get all he wanted from Apple though. He demanded the company return more cash to shareholders with a $150 billion buyback, but he dropped that plan in February after a major shareholder advisory firm said they wouldn't support the measure.
Related: EU slams Apple's Irish tax deal
The billionaire cashed in quickly this summer when it was announced that Dollar Tree ( DLTR ) plans to buy Family Dollar ( FDO ) for $8.5 billion . Icahn had disclosed a 9.4% stake in Family Dollar on June 6th, and shares of the discount retailer spiked over 25% by the close of trading on July 28th, the day the acquisition agreement was announced. Icahn had been urging Family Dollar to put itself up for sale.
Another grand slam for Icahn this year was Forest Laboratories. He owned 11% of the pharmaceutical company when its sale to Actavis ( ACT ) was revealed and said on his website that investors who bought at the same time as him in 2009 would have realized a 209% return.
Other high profile success stories for Icahn in recent years have been investments in Netflix ( NFLX , Tech30 ), Chesapeake Energy, ( CHK ) and Herbalife ( HLF ).
Activist flavor: Of course, the 78-year-old has been shaking things up at public companies for some time. He was criticized as a"corporate raider" back in the 1980s after he instituted a hostile takeover of airline TWA and started selling off its assets and loading it up on debt while he made a big personal gain. The company ultimately filed for bankruptcy.
These days Icahn is more focused what he says is the creation of shareholder value. He regularly derides CEOs for spending too much time of the golf course and corporate board members for taking the company jet to the Super Bowl.
Related: Icahn, Mickelson insider trading hard to prove
His activist style is now a popular strategy for other hedge fund big whigs including Bill Ackman, Daniel Loeb, and Nelson Peltz, though Icahn more than any of them is known to successfully use the media as a pulpit to express his latest investment ideas.
That approach has put him at odds with some investors, who feel companies don't have the resources to effectively push back against Icahn's accusations. It's especially dangerous since something as simple as a tweet from Icahn has the ability to dramatically move a stock.
Still, Icahn believes he's fighting a noble cause and insists he often works constructively alongside corporate leaders to bring about change in their organizations. Irwin Simon of the Hain Celestial Group ( HAIN ) has said he had a good relationship with the billionaire when Icahn was an investor. The stock soared over that period.
The relationship between Icahn and management isn't usually that rosy, and Icahn isn't one to tread lightly.
On his website, there's a quote from Icahn at Texaco's annual meeting in January 1988.
"A lot of people died fighting tyranny. The least I can do is vote against it," it reads.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 1:00 PM ET
Most Popular

Narendra Modis CEO diplomacy to set cash register ringingNarendra Modi
(While several American…)
NEW YORK | WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's breakfast diplomacy with 17 top US CEOs, presiding over ten trillion dollars in assets or revenues, would soon set the cash registers ringing at India's FDI front-desk.
Laurence D Fink, CEO at one of the world's largest investment management firms, BlackRock which oversees $4.32 trillion in assets, assured the prime minister that the firm could facilitate investments worth over $6 billion into the country by early next year. One of the CEOs who met the PM minutes before Fink, told Modi that his firm is looking to invest over half a billion dollars 'in a short while' to set up a big manufacturing facility in India for injectable drugs.
Some of the chief executives talked at length about wanting to invest in India's food chain and agriculture-related sectors, according to officials present at the meeting while others were eager to invest in infrastructure and energy and sought clarity from the PM on the way forward after the Supreme Court's judgement on coal block allocations.
"The general sentiment was that India is back on CEOs' global investment radar, they had dusted off their India dossiers and done their homework before meeting the PM and discussing specific concerns," said Ajay Banga, president and CEO of Mastercard, who attended the breakfast meeting along with the likes of PepsiCo chief Indra Nooyi and Citibank chief executive Michael Corbat.
While the PM met top bosses from 11 large Fortune 500 firms over the breakfast meet (where he himself didn't eat owing to his Navratra fast) on Monday, he met Fink and other large investors like KKR and Goldman Sachs in one-on-one meetings that lasted 20 to 25 minutes each.
"The responses of most of those present were very enthusiastic. One of the CEOs said that India was a different place at 6 am the day following the election results and there is a great desire now to participate in India's growth," said the official spokesperson for the foreign ministry.
"There were others who said they wanted accelerated engagement in India and some said that they had capacities to create wealth from waste in areas like energy and solid waste," the spokesperson said.
BlackRock offered to work with the Indian government and host a major investment conference in India early next year to be attended by major investors from all across the globe, which is likely to become an annual affair.
"BlackRock (CEO) told the PM that based on their experience of similar conferences in the past, the first effort would yield investment opportunities of something in the vicinity of $6 billion, if they worked towards it over the next few months," the spokesperson said.
While several CEOs raised concerns about specific issues that worry them about investing in the country, the PM's articulate and sharp responses on those allayed most of those, said Banga.
On their biggest concern of India's unpredictable tax regime, the PM assured CEOs that he was committed to a stable tax regime and it was his conviction that this was necessary for investments to flow.
Pharma sector CEOs such as Merck's Kenneth Frazier and Hospira's Michael Ball are learnt to have flagged their apprehensions about India's intellectual property regime. While responding to their specific worries, the PM raised the discussion to a whole new level, according to Banga.
"I understand that you want to be compensated for your investments in R&D. At the same time, India needs medicines that are affordable for its population," the PM is understood to have said, stressing that this is not just about India but the entire world that is grappling with new diseases. "Mankind needs continuous research and development of new drugs for a higher quality of life.
You need to be able to devote the right energy to that, not just by changing the formulation of a drug to sustain a patent, but by inventing things that make a difference to mankind," Modi told them.
The foreign ministry spokesperson said that the PM also set to rest worries about India's energy sector expressed by some prospective investors, especially in the light of the Supreme Court verdict to scrap all allocations made in the past two decades.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Behind The Scenes Of Our Tense Segmentreddit
Migizi is a member of the 1491s , the comedy group that was featured on The Daily Show last week.
A couple of weeks back, the 1491s got an email from a producer at The Daily Show hosted by Jon Stewart. They were recruiting for a panel discussion regarding the Washington Redskins, and the mascot controversy that surrounds the team. And they wanted us -- a Native American sketch comedy/video group that tackles everything from Indian Country politics to fart jokes -- to weigh in. As a writer, educator, satirist and smart-ass, I was excited about the opportunity. While we love the reach that YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and other Internet avenues provide, there's something bewitching about being on national TV, and on a show we respect.
Less than a week after we got the email, three members of our group -- including me -- were whisked away to our nation's capital for two full days of shooting. The morning after we arrived, a Saturday, we learned more about the premise of the shoot. There would be two panels: pro-Redskins fans (as in, pro-mascot, pro-dressing up as Indian, anti-name changers) and anti-mascot activists, which included the three of us joined by five other indigenous panelists. The plan was to let the first panel make their case: talk about how the mascot honors Natives, that the name "Redskins" only refers to fans of the team and not Native Americans -- standard pro-mascot arguments. Then, at a designated point, the host, Jason Jones, would ask, "Would you say all of this stuff directly to a Native American?" To which they'd presumably say, "Yes," and then Jones would cue us to enter. The panel would be embarrassed, we'd be indignant, they'd be on their way -- appropriately uncomfortable -- and then we'd get our chance to talk.
Simple.
After a long wait in an adjacent green room, completely cut off visually and aurally from the pro-Redskins panel, we were finally asked in. We entered the room, looked indignant, and there was a wonderfully uncomfortable silence. Jones played the buffoon, eating some wings and drinking a beer. But then, one of the pro-mascot fellas started to defend their position, and everything derailed. This is the part you don't really see in its full glory on the segment: As some of the anti-mascot activists started in passionately on the issue, pro-mascot panelist Kelli O'Dell, who was previously employed by the Washington Redskins and whose Internet presence is devoted to her support of the team and mascot, started to cry. My ever-dapper 1491s colleague, Bobby Wilson, offered her his own handkerchief. It was an intense situation, but never mean-spirited. O'Dell, though, started to accuse us of ambushing and lying and "how dare you." (Later, after the shoot but before the episode aired, it would be reported by the Washington Post, The Huffington Post, Time, Gawker, Uproxx, Buzzfeed and CBS that she felt in danger and this experience would smear her name.)
Sobbing and accusatory, she and the others left. From there, we took a break to reset the room, and we did our panel. This one went incredibly well and I'm proud to have been a part of it. The producer, crew and Jones were wonderful to us, and we all walked out of there with hugs and smiles. It was 180 degrees from the previous panel, and we were happy about it.
The next morning, football Sunday, the three of us went to FedEx Field as part of the show. The Daily Show taped us wandering around the "Redskins Nation" tailgate, though that never made it on air. I, rather naively, thought maybe we'd be able use our presence at the tailgate as a way to showcase our humanity, and let the Washington Team know that there are Native Americans out there who are among them -- real people not relegated to the eternal myth of history. Maybe we'd change a mind or two. Or, at least, maybe some ignorant hilarity could be caught on camera. It was worth a try, so with a camera crew following us, one little, two little and a third big Indian struck out into FedEx Field's Redskin Nation tailgate.
That did not go as I'd hoped.
There were points during that hour-long experience where I actually was afraid for my life. I have never been so blatantly threatened, mocked or jeered. It was so intense, so full of vitriol that none of the footage ended up being used in the segment. I'm a big dude -- 6'1", and a lotta meat on the bones. But a blonde little wisp of a girl completely freaked me out as I waited in line for the bathroom. "Is that shirt supposed to be funny?" she asked motioning to my satirical "Caucasians" T-shirt. And then she said, "I'll fucking cut you." Actually, she didn't scare me so much as the wannabe linebackers standing behind her who looked like they wanted to make good on her threat.
On one level, I get it. I'm walking around with an ironic T-shirt on, being a Native in the middle of FedEx Field with a camera crew from The Daily Show nearby. But amid the jeers, mocking and threats, did I cry, and accuse them of ambush? No, because I knew what I was getting myself into. It's The Daily Show. I know the format. More than that though, I didn't back down or break down because I knew in my heart and conscience I was doing the right thing, as silly as the method may have been.
I think back to the tailgate: the man blowing cigar smoke in my face, the man who mockingly yelled, "Thanks for letting us use your name!", the group who yelled at us to "go the fuck home," the little waif who threatened to cut me, the dude who blew the train horn on his truck as I walked by the hood. I think of all of that, and I think back to O'Dell crying and trying desperately to get out of the room full of calm Natives. I thought she was crying because she was caught unawares and was afraid. But I realized that was her defense mechanism, and that by overly dramatizing her experience, she continued to trivialize ours. It was privilege in action. And as I realized these things, something else became incredibly clear: she knew she was wrong.
_______

It s Time to Abandon the Delusion of a Carbon Taxreddit
At the United Nations last week, President Obama urged the nations of the world to follow our lead and begin to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The president has moved aggressively to use the powers of the Clean Air Act to begin the decade-long process of regulating greenhouse gases as air pollutants. Still, even though the president is articulating a strong policy on climate change, he is being criticized because the U.S. is not willing to set a price on carbon. As Coral Davenport reported in the New York Times :
...a major new declaration calling for a global price on carbon -- signed by 74 countries and more than 1,000 businesses and investors -- is missing a key signatory: the United States. The declaration, released by the World Bank the day before Mr. Obama's speech at the United Nations Climate Summit, has been signed by China, Shell, Dow Chemical and Coca-Cola. It calls on all nations to enact laws forcing industries to pay for the carbon emissions that scientists say are the leading cause of global warming.
The Times article notes that 40 countries have some form of carbon pricing and the European Union has had cap-and-trade for nearly a decade. It also reported the administration's sympathy for a carbon price that they would happily push if only they could get it approved by the conservatives in Congress. Unfortunately, even an American and European carbon tax would just be a drop in the carbon bucket. The real problem is not in the District of Columbia, but in China and India. Greenhouse gases are being reduced in Europe and the U.S. but are growing worldwide anyway.
It is easy to blame the conservatives in Congress for making a carbon tax politically infeasible in the United States. My guess is that even without the Tea Party, a carbon tax would be a heavy lift around here. Since we can't even raise the level of gas taxes to pay for pothole repairs, I don't think a carbon tax would get very far in any American congress.
While I consider global warming one of the great policy and management challenges of our time, I do not take seriously this effort to reduce greenhouse gases by raising the price of fossil fuels. A generous interpretation of the proposed carbon tax is that it is an act of political symbolism or perhaps impassioned idealism. A less generous interpretation would label it cynical baloney. No political leader responsible for ensuring the material well-being of his or her people in the modern global economy is going to willingly raise the price of something so central to that economy as the price of energy. This is especially true in the developing world. It makes for interesting cocktail party chitchat and impassioned rhetoric in global talks and academic conferences, but it bears no resemblance to political or economic reality. Fortunately, while price influences corporate and public behavior, and a carbon tax could work, we have other policy tools at our disposal that are politically feasible.
We will make the transition to a fossil fuel-free economy because our survival depends on it, but we won't do it through a tax or treaty that prices energy at its complete cost. I know some economists consider a carbon tax, or internalizing the price of externalities, to be the magic bullet of environmental policy. They seem to have sold many climate scientists (and possibly our Secretary of State) on its mathematical elegance, but any realistic analysis of political and economic power and the force of self-interest make it clear that a global carbon tax will never happen. The political leaders of the developing world need to ensure that they have the energy required to grow their economies. Their political power and survival depend on it. Right now, that means they need fossil fuels. In the developed world, the fossil fuel companies will continue their ultimately futile battle to hold back the forces of technological change. They will fail because new technology creates new wealth and shifting wealth tends to alter the balance of economic and political power.
The real battle -- and the one we should be fighting -- is not over the economics of carbon, but over public funding of the basic research needed to make the transition to a fossil fuel-free economy. Raising the price of energy does not magically create new renewable energy technologies. While it would force some efficiency, innovation and fuel substitution, energy is so central to modern life that price alone may not force carbon reduction. I live in a city where the high cost of housing is borne as the price of living around here. People pay whatever it takes. Perhaps energy is different from housing in New York City. Still, politics blocked Mike Bloomberg's effort to enact congestion pricing in New York despite the gridlock that only gets worse. In other words, even if one grants the theoretical attraction of a carbon tax and the power of price on behavior, it is still not politically feasible.
What we need is a combination of government-funded basic research along with public-funded private incentives to stimulate rapid commercialization and widespread global diffusion of new renewable energy technologies. We need to lower the price of renewable energy directly and drive fossil fuels from the marketplace. Renewables need to be cheaper, more reliable and more convenient than fossil fuels. That should be the basic climate policy strategy pursued by the United States and the rest of the world. That is a policy prescription rooted in history and reality. It is true that the fossil fuel companies will fight this policy with all the force they can muster, but it will not be enough. They will lose.
The history of economic development over the past two centuries (and longer) has been a story of technological development. Technology advances, reaches its limits, and is replaced by new technologies. New technologies change the way we live and improve our standard of living. Sometimes companies change with the times and continue to thrive like IBM and GE; other times they fail to keep up and struggle like Kodak and the folks who make the Blackberry. I do not see divestment from fossil fuel companies as a moral imperative, but as a reasonable investment strategy focused on the future.
In addition to R&D, a meaningful climate policy would include an emphasis on energy efficiency, smart grid infrastructure and the use of short-term bridge fuels such as natural gas. It would also include a strong signal from government, possibly in the form of a command and control regulation that the fossil fuel era is going to gradually come to an end. That is why the president's admonition to reduce greenhouse gases and his use of executive authority to do so is a meaningful and important piece of climate policy. America knows how to limit pollutants through regulation. Our air is cleaner today than it was in 1970 because of the Clean Air Act. That old-fashioned, blunt-edged policy tool has two profound advantages: We know how to implement it and we know that it works. The fact that the U.S. has not signed onto a meaningless non-binding resolution on the way to another round of meaningless climate talks in Paris next year is a non-issue.
Instead of wasting time and effort on a futile attempt to tax carbon, we should be gearing up our national laboratories, research universities and high-tech sector on a massive effort to invent new forms of renewable energy. New battery technology, carbon capture and storage, new energy efficiency technologies and smart energy transmission technologies should be part of the mix.
While we work on technological innovation, we should do everything we can to reduce greenhouse gases using existing technologies. But we should focus on steps that are politically feasible. We should take steps that have a high probability of adoption, ones that are aligned with economic and political reality.  A carbon tax is an elegant policy poorly suited for our messy and inelegant political world.
Follow Steven Cohen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/StevenACohen
More:

Asian Shares Slip  Dollar Near Highs; Hong Kong Unrest EyedYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Slip, Dollar Near Highs; Hong Kong Unrest Eyed
Reuters | Updated On: October 01, 2014 07:26 (IST)
Buy L&T, Sell Reliance Infra Today: Sanjeev Bhasin
Tokyo:
Asian shares got off on the back foot on Wednesday as continued civil unrest in Hong Kong sapped confidence, while the dollar index was in sight of a four-year high after marking its best quarterly gain in six years.
Trading in Asia was expected to be more subdued than usual, with China closed for National Day and investors warily monitoring developments in Hong Kong's pro-democracy unrest, as thousands of protesters stepped up pressure on the city's pro-Beijing government.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.4 per cent, while Japan's Nikkei stock average fell 0.2 per cent. Japan's benchmark rose 4.9 per cent in September, the biggest monthly rise since last November.
The Bank of Japan's closely watched tankan survey of business sentiment released before the market opened showed big manufacturers' confidence improved slightly in the latest quarter, but service-sector sentiment worsened, adding to evidence that a sales tax hike continues to weigh on the economy.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of rival currencies, touched a four-year high of 86.218, and last stood at 85.939.
The euro skidded as low as $1.2571 on Tuesday after data showed cooling euro zone inflation, the culmination of a dismal month in which the currency slipped 3.82 per cent - its biggest decline in over two years. It was last steady on the day at $1.2629.
"The EUR/USD gapped lower by a big figure, falling toward 1.2570, before finding support and partially rebounding to 1.2630 this morning," said David de Garis, senior economist at National Australia Bank.
Data on Tuesday showed annual inflation cooled to 0.3 per cent last month, well below the European Central Bank's target of just under 2 per cent, increasing speculation the bank will take more easing steps.
The dollar added about 0.1 per cent against the yen to 109.67, after rising to a six-year high of 109.86 yen on Tuesday.
Oil crawled off overnight lows but remained pressured by the dollar's momentum. World oil prices tumbled to their lowest in more than two years, with US crude posting its biggest daily decline since 2012.
Brent crude added about 0.2 per cent on the day to $94.82 a barrel, after marking a 16 per cent loss for the quarter, the biggest in two years. US crude added about 0.2 per cent to $91.34 a barrel after shedding 12 per cent for the quarter, also its biggest quarterly loss in two years.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

 Wall Street Ends Down; Indices Gain in QuarterYou are here: Home Market
Wall Street Ends Down for Day, Month; Indices Gain in Quarter
Reuters | Updated On: October 01, 2014 02:32 (IST)
New York: US stocks slipped on Tuesday, dragged down by energy and materials shares as economic data disappointed.
Major indexes also posted losses for the month, but ended the quarter with gains.
The S&P energy index was down 1.2 per cent on Tuesday following a more than 3 per cent drop in US oil prices. The S&P materials index also fell 1.2 per cent. Shares of Chevron, down 1 per cent at $119.32, were the biggest drag on the S&P 500.
The Thomson Reuters Jefferies CRB commodity index ended down 1.6 per cent, its largest daily decline since June 2013.
EBay, up 7.5 per cent at $56.63, was the S&P 500's biggest percentage gainer for the day, helping to limit losses. The company announced a plan to spin off its PayPal unit.
US consumer confidence fell in September for the first time in five months and home prices in July rose less than expected from a year earlier, underscoring the unsteady nature of US growth.
Analysts are skeptical of how many more gains are in store for the market this year, with the S&P 500 up 6.7 per cent since December 31 and third-quarter earnings still ahead.
"The market continues to be very resilient, but it's a monster market. I think you could have a weaker fourth quarter than you've gotten used to, and I think we've made our highs for the year already," said Uri Landesman, president at Platinum Partners in New York.
Apple shares rose 0.6 per cent to $100.75 after China approved iPhone 6 sales to begin October 17.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 28.32 points, or 0.17 per cent, to 17,042.9.
The S&P 500 lost 5.51 points, or 0.28 per cent, to 1,972.29.
The Nasdaq Composite dropped 12.46 points, or 0.28 per cent, to 4,493.39.
For the month, the Dow was down 0.3 per cent, the S&P 500 was down 1.5 per cent and the Nasdaq was down 1.9 per cent. For the quarter, the Dow rose 1.3 per cent, the S&P 500 gained 0.6 percent, and the Nasdaq climbed 1.9 per cent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Ford Motor, down 2.12 per cent to $14.79, a day after its disappointing profit forecast.
Besides eBay and Apple, the most actively traded stocks on Nasdaq included Move Inc, up 37.1 per cent at $20.96.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,942 to 1,133, for a 1.71-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,864 issues fell and 824 advanced for a 2.26-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted 15 new 52-week highs and 18 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 42 new highs and 138 new lows.
About 7.2 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges, above the 6.1 billion average for the last five sessions, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 02:30 (IST)

Don t want to hold up rates  but that s only tool I have: Raghuram RajanDon t want to hold up rates  but that s only tool I have: Raghuram Rajan
Chalein Saath Saath: India-US sing a new tuneChalein Saath Saath: India-US sing a new tune
Petrol price cut by 65 p; diesel rate to wait for PM s returnPetrol price cut by 65 p; diesel rate to wait for PM s return
Petrol is cheaper by 65p/litrePetrol is cheaper by 65p/litre
Fiscal deficit touches 75 per cent of budget estimates in AugustFiscal deficit touches 75 per cent of budget estimates in August
Equity NAVs gain as markets closed flat ahead of RBI policyEquity NAVs gain as markets closed flat ahead of RBI policy
HC to hear Jayalalithaa s bail plea on WednesdayHC to hear Jayalalithaa s bail plea on Wednesday
Tata MF announces change in exit load under its 2 schemesTata MF announces change in exit load under its 2 schemes
Amarnath Securities: Outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 10.18 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Amarnath Securities: Outcome of AGM
Amarnath Securities has informed that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Amarnath Securities: Outcome of AGM
Amarnath Securities has informed that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Amarnath Securities Ltd has informed BSE that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sulabh Engineers & Services: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 30, 2014, 10.18 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sulabh Engineers & Services: Updates on outcome of AGM
Sulabh Engineers & Services has submitted a copy of proceedings of 31st Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 26, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sulabh Engineers & Services: Updates on outcome of AGM
Sulabh Engineers & Services has submitted a copy of proceedings of 31st Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 26, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Sulabh Engineers & Services Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of proceedings of 31st Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 26, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Japan still on track for second tax hikeJapan signals second tax hike will go ahead
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b86ac1da-4001-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PHOTO: NY Post Trashes Chelsea Clinton s Baby. No  Really.NY Post Mocks Chelsea Clinton's Baby. No, Really.
Posted:
Because obviously, even babies deserve the loving scrutiny only the world's classiest tabloid can provide.
PHOTO:
reddit
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations
Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day..
Facebook
Copyright ©2014 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Part of HuffPost Business - AOL Money & Finance
Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.
Notify message

Flipkart  Amazon in scramble for land in T.N.Updated: September 29, 2014 00:19 IST
Flipkart, Amazon in scramble for land in T.N.
Sangeetha Kandavel
The Hindu Founder and CEO of Amazon.com Jeff Bezos in Bangalore on Sunday. Photo: K. Murali Kumar.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Flipkart and Amazon are now aggressively evaluating space for setting up warehouses in South India, and Chennai seems to be their preferred destination. Interestingly, both the online firms have identified land at same locations – Sriperambudur and Red Hills. Good connectivity, accessibility to ports, proximity to Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh are the advantages cited.
Both retailers will start shipping their first set of consignments from these warehouses by the second half of 2015. Property consulting firm Jones Lang LaSalle is working on the mandate for both companies.

Savannah Guthrie And New Baby Girl Surprise  Today  Co-hostsSavannah Guthrie's 1-month-old baby met Ben Affleck this morning. What have YOU done today?
That time baby Vale met Ben Affleck. pic.twitter.com/NsR4MGv8P6
— TODAY (@TODAYshow) September 29, 2014
That's right. Guthrie brought newborn baby Vale to see the "Today" show staff and walk (be carried) around Studio 1A for the first time on Monday.
The surprised co-hosts pretty much couldn't do anything but look at the baby for the rest of the time:
Amazing morning @SavannahGuthrie and baby Vale just surprised us live. @TODAYshow baby love. I can't stop looking at this beautiful baby!!
— Tamron Hall (@tamronhall) September 29, 2014
"She is the best baby ever!" - @MLauer loves #Vale ! pic.twitter.com/YxSYhHq2ym
Guthrie also announced that she will be returning to the morning show on November 3rd. Whether or not Vale will return with her as a new co-host is still up in the air.
More:

550 distributors from 140 cities sign up for MF Utility platformE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Scientists Find Big Downside To Big Cowbellsreddit
What's a cow without a cowbell? Probably a happier cow.
That's the obvious implication of a new study conducted at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich. The study showed that the large bells that many Swiss cows sport around their necks on ceremonial occasions may actually harm their hearing and interfere with their feeding habits.
For the study, researchers placed 12-pound bells around the necks of more than 100 cows at 25 farms across Switzerland. In a series of experiments, the scientists observed the cows' activity, heart rates, head movements, and feeding behavior. Then they exposed the cows to loud noises and observed their reactions.
What did they find? After wearing the bells, some of the cows became unresponsive to sound--perhaps not such a big surprise, since the bells' sound was measured at 113 decibels, or almost 30 decibels above noise levels that can cause hearing damage in humans . The finding suggests that many cows that wear bells may have been deafened by them.
"If you were to put this in a human context, it's just like having a pneumatic drill pounding in your ears," study co-author Edna Hillman, an agricultural scientist at the institute, told the Swiss Broadcasting Corporation (see video above).
The bell-wearing cows in the study also chewed less and ate for shorter durations than cows without bells .
In response to the findings, the researchers suggested that it might make sense for cows to be fitted not with bells but with GPS devices.
“In this IT age we could replace the bell with a microchip and the farmer could then locate his cattle using a smartphone ,” Hillman told Swiss newspaper Schweiz am Sonntag.
But the GPS idea was met with derision by some.
“They can’t be serious,” Jacques Bourgeois, director of the Swiss Countryside Union said, according to the Swiss newspaper The Local. “It’s part of our culture, our traditions and it contributes to the beauty of our alpine areas."
More:

Big Banks Don t Want You To Find Out What People Really Think Of ThemBig Banks Don't Want You To Find Out What People Really Think Of Them
Posted:
reddit
The nation's largest banks and debt collectors are worried that if you learn what people are saying about them, you might like them less. And that wouldn't be fair, they say.
The financial sector is fighting a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau proposal that would have the agency publish complaints submitted by people who feel they have been mistreated by a lender, debt collector or other financial institution. As it now stands, the agency publishes some small amount of information about the more than 290,000 complaints it has received from aggrieved consumers, but has refused to release the full narratives -- essentially, the details.
Under the new policy, consumer names would be redacted and banks and other financial institutions would have a chance to publicly respond to or refute any allegations. People who file a complaint would have to opt in to having their narrative published on the CFPB's website.
"This is what consumers want," said Susan Grant, the director of consumer protection at the Consumer Federation of America, a nonprofit. "It gives them better ability to make decisions about what financial institution to choose."
Yet the banks and other financial groups opposing disclosure argue that the CFPB approach would unleash a dangerous flood of misinformation that might promote the faulty sense that somehow they are not good corporate citizens. Consumers would also be confused by all the un-vetted information, they assert.
The Financial Services Roundtable, a trade group that represents the banking industry, has gone so far as to set up an entire website to fight the CFPB's proposal, called "CFPB rumors."
Making complaints public "will expose providers of consumer financial services to reputational and financial risk through which there is no effective method of mitigation," the group says in an open letter published on the website. Narratives are "unlikely to help other consumers make better or more informed financial choices," the trade group asserts. Instead, the release will simply serve to "confuse" consumers, who are better off just talking to their financial institution.
"Our members are in constant communication with customers through multiple channels," the Financial Services Roundtable's letter says.
On these points, a vast number of actual customers would assuredly disagree. The financial industry has engaged in abusive behavior since pretty much forever -- refusing to lend in minority communities (a practice known as redlining), issuing high-cost and illegal payday loans and wrecking the entire economy by issuing mountains of mortgage debt to people they knew couldn't afford it. The nation's largest banks have in recent years agreed to more than $100 billion worth of legal settlements and fines in order to resolve allegations such as failing to communicate with borrowers whose homes were in imminent danger of foreclosure.
"Financial institutions have proven they cannot be trusted, nor shamed into admitting their mistakes," wrote Mike Trieschman, one of a handful of people not associated with a financial institution or a consumer group to write to the CFPB about its proposed rule. (The comment period has ended.)
Trieschman said in his letter that he had a bad experience with Bank of America on two occasions: once when his mortgage insurance was inexplicably cancelled, and again when he discovered a $700 fee added to his final loan payout.
If the financial services industry has its way, the CFPB would continue to withhold details like those shared by Trieschman from public scrutiny. According to the CFPB database, consumers have filed more than 28,000 mortgage-related complaints concerning Bank of America.
Bank of America did not directly comment on the CFPB proposal and did not respond to a request for comment. According to Bloomberg News, Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase -- three of the biggest banks in the U.S. -- complained to the Financial Services Roundtable about the lobbying campaign to convince the CFPB to drop the proposed rule because they were worried about antagonizing a key regulator. The Bloomberg story says that Tim Pawlenty, the former Minnesota governor and head of the bank trade group, agreed to stop the campaign. But the "CFPB rumors" website was still active as of Tuesday morning, and there is no indication that the organization has withdrawn any of its letters in opposition to the rule. (The Financial Services Roundtable did not respond to inquiries made about the lobbying effort by The Huffington Post.)
Disclosure is also opposed by the debt collection industry. In one letter to the CFPB, Sheryl Wright, a senior vice president at Encore Capital Group, wrote that the publication of complaint narratives would  "foster misinformation" and "false perspectives" about her company.
Knowledge of what others are saying would be "information overload for consumers," she said.
Encore is the most complained-about debt collection company in the U.S., according to the CFPB's database. In 2012, the West Virginia's attorney general sued Encore for allegedly "robo-signing" affidavits in order to collect on default judgements.
One of the company's divisions, Midland Funding, has flooded the courts with tens of thousands of lawsuits backed by flimsy documentation, the Washington Post recently reported .
Some individual banks, including Wells Fargo, have also submitted letters in opposition to the proposed new rule.
As it currently stands, the CFPB limits consumer complaint data to a handful of bare facts, including the zip code of the filer, an outline of the complaint (such as "frequent or repeated calls") and whether the target company has responded. This policy, which the banking industry hopes to preserve, contrasts with that of other federal agencies, such as the Federal Trade Commission, which will make name-redacted narratives available upon request. Consumer complaints can also be found online in dozens of places -- at websites like ripoffreport.com and on social media.
The CFPB is expected to decide on whether to publish consumer complaint narratives sometime in the coming months.
"Banks and the financial industry are a powerful force in an individual's life, but consumers do not have voice," said Elizabeth Lynch, a senior attorney at MFY Legal, a nonprofit that has written the CFPB in support of the proposal. "Disclosure would help shine a light on behavior that shouldn't be happening, especially in communities that have been repeatedly victimized by predatory behavior."
More:

After Indian-Americans at MSG  Narendra Modi wows American CEOs  Clintonspicture  others
After Indian-Americans at MSG, Narendra Modi wows American CEOs, Clintons
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said he wants to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an "opportunity to move forward and clean up the past", as he wooed CEOs of large American companies to invest in India in key sectors including infrastructure.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a breakfast meeting with CEOs in New York, US. (Source: PTI)
Listening to concerns raised by the business leaders, Modi assured them that his government will address their issues and try to make the environment in India more business- friendly.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi speaks during a keynote speech at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York.  (Source: AP)
Hosting a breakfast for 11 CEOs, including Indian-origin PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt and Citigroup chief Michael Corbat, Modi said India is open-minded and want the change, which is "not one-sided".
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with PepsiCo's Indian American chairman and CEO Indra Nooyi after a breakfast meeting in New York. (Source: PTI)
Modi's observation comes in the backdrop of concerns that the judgment would have an adverse impact on corporate sentiments and overall business climate.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, right, clasps his hands and bows as he ends his visit to the Council on Foreign Relations in New York.  (Source: AP)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a breakfast meeting with CEOs in New York. (Source: PTI)
The Supreme Court last week quashed allocation of 214 out of 218 coal blocks alloted to various companies since 1993 terming it as "fatally flawed" and allowed the Government to take over operation of 42 such blocks which are functional.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, left, joined by his translator, listens to a question from an audience member after his remarks to the Council on Foreign Relations. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and former US President Bill Clinton shake hands during a meeting in New York. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Lloyd Blankfein, CEO of Goldman Sachs during a meeting in New York on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with former US President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton during a meeting in New York. (Source: PTI)
"(We) want to convert the Supreme Court judgment on coal allocation into an opportunity to move forward and clean up the past," Modi told the CEOs.
Council on Foreign Relations president Richard Haas, left, sits as a host with India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi, right, who introduces India's Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj after a question on gender violence following his remarks to the Council. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with James McNerney, CEO of Boeing during a meeting in New York. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj exchanging greetings with former US President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton during a meeting in New York, US. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with Virginia Rometty, CEO of IBM during a meeting in New York, US on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh during a breakfast meeting with CEOs in New York, US. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj with former US President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton during a meeting in New York. (Source: PTI)
Describing the meeting as "excellent and very good", all business leaders, including Nooyi and Corbat, said that the Prime Minister heard their concerns and listed out the priority areas of his government to take forward the India story to higher levels.
Indra Nooyi of Pepsico with Charles Kaye of Warburg Pincus before a breakfast meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New York. (Source: PTI)
Related

Women lag in venture capital even as they make strides as entrepreneursE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Intricate and divine: different moods of Durga Puja idolslifestyle
Intricate and divine: different moods of Durga Puja idols in Delhi’s Chittaranjan Park
As Durga Puja celebrations in Chittaranjan Park, New Delhi are in full swing, some artisans look back and narrate their experiences.  (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
The first stage of idol making is always very challenging, say artisans. "Attention to detail is of paramount importance. You can't possibly mould a disfigured hand or face. It needs to be fine-tuned over and over again. Even the lines on the palm are meticulously done. But once the first stage is done away with the rest falls in place," adds 24-year-old Mohan from Chandrapur, Kolkata. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
"The last stage is to add shine to the idol, after that you're only left with the clothing and decoration. Here I am using varnish oil, which is a mixture of tamarind seed powder mixed with water. This is done to keep the shine permanent," said Mohan. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
"If you notice carefully, the emotions and facial features of idols differ from pandal to pandal. Look at this sculpture and you instantly feel the pain, anguish and anger of the Asura. That's the motive. The way Asura is being attacked by the snake and the Lion reflect the ultimate triumph of good over evil, albeit more dramatized," says Mangal. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
"Around 4-5 years back, we used to travel inside cramped compartments of the Kalka Mail. But for the past two years, we have been travelling in Rajdhani's 3 Tier AC trains. The event organisers are definitely making more money from Pujas than they did a few years back," quips Mohan. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
"I don't know how to explain this, but the whole process of making the idols with love and utmost care, and then immersing it on Dashami, is something I still can't fathom," says Mangal, a young boy in his twenties. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
"We always strive to better our work each year. A big challenge for us therefore is to make the idols more evocative so that when people look at them they should feel the positive vibes," says 35-year-old Ram Kumar from Bhowanipore, Kolkata. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
"The pressure of deadlines is tremendous. There were days when we've slept on an empty stomach," says 29-year-old Mangal aka 'Khaepa keshto'. "I get irritated very easily, that's why the name Khaepa," chuckles Mangal. (Express photo: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
With a flood of advertisers during Durga Puja, Mohan feels the whole affair has become very commercial. "People are losing touch with their tradition because the Bengali youth today is more drawn towards the glamour attached with Pujo rather than god itself," adds Mohan.
Related

Bhushan Steel s cup of woes full to the brimBhushan Steel's cup of woes full to the brim
Ishita Ayan Dutt & Vishal Chhabria | Bangalore/Mumbai Sep 30, 2014 10:47 PM IST
On November 11, 2013, the Bhushan Steel stock closed at Rs 504 on BSE. In less than a year, it has fallen 71 per cent to Rs 112, after touching a five-and-a-half-year low of Rs 87 this month.
Though the arrest of Neeraj Singal, the company’s vice-chairman and managing director, in the Syndicate Bank cash-for-loan scam a couple of months ago might have precipitated events, for the Bhushan Steel stock, it has been a steady decline since its high in November 2013. Bhushan Steel’s run on the bourses got a rude jolt on November 13, 2013, following an explosion at the slag pit during the trial run of a blast furnace at the company’s plant in Odisha. The blast killed two workers and injured 16.
Soon, the Odisha State Pollution Control Board directed Bhushan Steel to shut its blast furnace. It was only in May this year that the blast furnace, the sinter plant, the oxygen plant, the caster, the basic oxygen furnace and other ancillary equipment were again put to use.
The closure resulted in considerable loss of production. “The commissioning of the third phase of the 5.2-million-tonne (mt) capacity was delayed, which took a toll on finances,” the company’s whole-time director and chief financial officer, Nittin Johari, had told Business Standard during a recent interaction.
Bhushan Steel’s debt stands at Rs 40,000 crore, of which Rs 30,000 crore is a term loan. Of this, the short-term debt repayment obligations for FY15 are estimated at about Rs 2,500 crore, with a similar amount to be repaid in FY16.
Many believe the high debt can be attributed to the pact at which the company ramped up capacity at its Odisha facility. The first phase of expansion (0.3 mt) was completed in 2008-09, while the second (two mt) was completed in 2009-10. The third phase (5.2 mt) was commissioned recently.
To secure their interests, banks have clamped down on Bhushan Steel and a forensic audit has been commissioned. The company has been a concern for lenders for some time.
Consider this: At the end of 2013-14, Bhushan Steel had a high debt-to-equity ratio of 3.5. The ratio rises to about four if deferred tax liability and other liabilities are included. For 2013-14, the company’s net sales declined 10 per cent, while operating profit and net profit declined 18.3 and 93.2 per cent, respectively, compared to 2012-13. Interest costs rose 29.2 per cent to Rs 1,663 crore, accounting for 60 per cent of the company’s operating profit. In the past three years, the company’s net sales have grown 50 per cent, but its interest burden has more than tripled.
In January, Bhushan Steel announced promoters would infuse equity. Recently, a plan to raise Rs 6,000 crore in phases, through qualified institutional placements, was also floated. However, the sharp fall in valuations suggests this will not be an easy task. Even if the company is to do so, expect significant dilution in its equity capital, which will keep the counter under pressure.
Alternatively, the company planned to sell and lease-back some critical assets such as the oxygen and coking coal plants. But even through this plan, Bhushan can, at best, raise Rs 1,000 crore in the near term.
Lenders have suggested the company consider exiting non-core assets, though there aren’t many of these.
Bhushan has controlling interest in Australian exploration company Bowen Energy, which has licences for coking coal, thermal coal and uranium. Selling the reserves partially, after securing Bhushan’s raw material requirements, is an option. But this, too, is unlikely immediately, as exploration is underway and estimates of the reserves will emerge only after nine months.
Bhushan Steel also has plants at Sahibabad and Khapoli, both cold-rolling facilities. With the completion of the third phase of expansion at the Odisha facility, Bhushan will be self-sufficient in its hot-rolling requirement, with a total capacity of 4.4 mt. As such, selling any of these assets might not be a good option. According to the company’s projections, it will end the year with revenue of Rs 16,000 crore. And, barring another bout of unfortunate circumstances, it hopes record revenue of Rs 22,000 crore next year.
Currently, however, what matters is profit and cash flow. This year, steel prices have seen some softness, owing to sluggish demand. In India, demand has increased only 0.7 per cent so far this year, estimates Motilal Oswal Securities. But monthly steel production has been rising 5-15 per cent since February this year. According to the brokerage firm, prices of TMT and HRC (ex-Mumbai) have fallen three-five per cent this quarter and 3-14 per cent year-to-date. The reason for the fall is weak economic data in China, the world’s largest consumer of steel.
That European economies are also facing growth pressures is not good news for the steel sector. Positively, input prices of coking coal and iron ore are down sharply (8-14 per cent in the quarter and 16-39 per cent year-to-date in 2014). If Bhushan is able to increase profitability, leading to an improvement in profits, it will help service interest costs and repay debt; else, its finances will see continued pressure. For the past three consecutive quarters, the company reported net losses of Rs 54.8 crore, Rs 19.6 crore and Rs 142 crore, respectively.
Analysts believe there is hope for the company. “Bhushan’s managing director has been released on bail, which is a relief. Now, it is crucial it does two things: First, it has to ramp up production. Though capacity expansion has not come at a good time, Bhushan Steel is capable of generating high Ebitda (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation) per tonne, owing to its focus on value-added products. Last year, its Ebitda stood at about Rs 13,000 a tonne, which compares well with Tata Steel’s Rs 14,500,” said an analyst with a leading brokerage firm.
Therefore, the analyst adds, it is crucial for the company to ramp up operations, which will help generate profits and cash flow and reduce debt. The other aspect is how fast it is able to monetise non-core assets. “Bhushan will have to do a bit of everything — sale and lease-back of core assets, sale of non-core assets, possibly get a strategic partner, and ramp up operations,” he says. Though demand is soft currently, it is expected to recover by next year.
Clearly, Bhushan Steel has a lot to do. And, if the forensic audit throws up something adverse, it will only add to the company’s woes.

Volcanic eruption kills 31 in JapanLast updated: September 28, 2014 8:34 am
Volcanic eruption kills 31 hikers in Japan
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77cff900-46c9-11e4-8820-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japans factory output falls in AugustJapan’s factory output falls in August
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f054fb4c-485d-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HOV Services hits 46-month high  up 14% on US unit mergerSep 30, 2014, 02.39 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HOV Services hits 46-month high, up 14% on US unit merger
HOV Services through its wholly owned subsidiary HOVS, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company holds a minority investment in SourceHOV Holdings Inc, a company incorporated in Delaware, USA.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HOV Services hits 46-month high, up 14% on US unit merger
HOV Services through its wholly owned subsidiary HOVS, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company holds a minority investment in SourceHOV Holdings Inc, a company incorporated in Delaware, USA.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors continued to buy huge shares of  HOV Services for the second consecutive session on Tuesday after the company decided to merge its US unit with BancTec Group LLC. The stock rallied as much as 14.3 percent to touch a 46-month high of Rs 138, in addition to 20 percent upmove in previous session.
SourceHOV has entered into an agreement with BancTec Group LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.
HOV Services through its wholly owned subsidiary HOVS, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company holds a minority investment in SourceHOV Holdings Inc, a company incorporated in Delaware, USA.
In the transaction, stockholders of BancTec will receive stock in SourceHOV, and SourceHOV will use a new credit facility to refinance existing indebtedness, redeem certain existing SourceHOV equity holders and provide additional working capital, said the company in its filing to BSE, adding closing of this transaction is expected to occur this year.
A meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held today to consider a transaction pertaining to investment of wholly owned subsidiary of the company.
At 14:23 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 127, up Rs 6.30, or 5.22 percent amid large volumes on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Eicher Motors up 9%  Macquarie sees 4-fold rise in earningsSep 30, 2014, 03.44 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Eicher Motors up 9%, Macquarie sees 4-fold rise in earnings
Macquarie maintains outperform rating on the stock and raised target price to Rs 13,650 from Rs 9,250 earlier as Eicher is on a growth trajectory with fast growing leisure bikes and commercial vehicle (CV) portfolio on the cusp of a cyclical recovery.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Eicher Motors up 9%, Macquarie sees 4-fold rise in earnings
Macquarie maintains outperform rating on the stock and raised target price to Rs 13,650 from Rs 9,250 earlier as Eicher is on a growth trajectory with fast growing leisure bikes and commercial vehicle (CV) portfolio on the cusp of a cyclical recovery.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Eicher Motors rallied as much as 8.7 percent intraday Tuesday as brokerage house Macquarie says it expects Royal Enfield maker's earnings to quadruple in three years (2013-16E).
"Earnings are expected to be driven by rapid growth in motorcycles and market share gain in trucks. Our earnings estimate is 6-9 percent ahead of consensus for the next three years," says the brokerage.
Macquarie maintains outperform rating on the stock and raised target price to Rs 13,650 from Rs 9,250 earlier as it believes Eicher is on a growth trajectory with fast growing leisure bikes and commercial vehicle (CV) portfolio on the cusp of a cyclical recovery.
The brokerage raised Royal Enfield (RE) sales volumes estimate for CY15E to 4,35,000 from 4,25,000 and for CY16E to 5,50,000 from 5,25,000. RE sales volumes have tripled over the last three years and even now the company is adding more bookings every month than production.
It expects a 45 percent CAGR in bike sales over the next three years driven by a long waitlist across models, production ramp-up post capacity expansion, dealer expansion in India (over 30 percent in CY14E) and export markets and new models launches.
As per management, the new model Continental GT has been well received by the market and demand is strong.
It sold 26,643 units of RE in August, up 66 percent compared to 16,062 units in same month last year while it reported a 81 percent growth in year-to-date sales (1,92,356 units).
In case of its commercial vehicle (CV) business, Macquarie expects the CV industry to enter a growth phase in 2HCY14E led by a pick-up in replacement demand. "We expect Volvo-Eicher CV sales to register a 14 percent CAGR (CY13-16E) led by network expansion and increased product offerings," says the brokerage.
Volvo-Eicher CV has launched the Pro range of trucks (GVW of 5T-49T) and Skyline Pro range of buses. The brokerage believes VECV is well placed to benefit from a CV demand revival.
As far as its engine business is concerned, the company shipped 2,534 engine long-blocks to Volvo for deployment in Volvo’s products in Europe in 2013 and increased production to 5,830 in 1HCY14. The company has capacity for 25,000 engines.
Even its JV with Polaris (to manufacture passenger vehicles) is also on track for start of production in 2015, says the brokerage.
Cash generation from the RE business has supported overall cash in its balance sheet despite substantial investment (around Rs 1,800 crore since commencement) in setting up new capacity. At the end of June-14, the company had net cash of Rs 1,330 crore with cash and current investments forming 23 percent of overall assets.
Macquarie feels Volvo-Eicher CV has a healthy balance sheet to support growth initiatives and investment in new products.
The brokerage raised its CY14E earnings by 4 percent, CY15E by 10 percent and CY17E by 14 percent.
The stock rose 6.17 percent to close at Rs 11,980.05 amid large volumes on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

8 core industries  growth rises to 5.8% in AugustSep 30, 2014, 06.56 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
August core sector growth inches to 5.8%
Growth in the coal output was up 13.4 percent against 6.2 percent month-on-month. The government April-August core industries growth came in at 4.4 percent (YoY)
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
August core sector growth inches to 5.8%
Growth in the coal output was up 13.4 percent against 6.2 percent month-on-month. The government April-August core industries growth came in at 4.4 percent (YoY)
Post your opinion here
 
Core sector growth for the month of August picked up with eight core sector industries growing by 5.8 percent against 4.7 percent in same month last year. The July core sector data was 2.7 percent.  
Growth in the coal output was up 13.4 percent against 6.2 percent month-on-month. The government April-August core industries growth came in at 4.4 percent (YoY).
Crude output and natural gas output recorded growth of 4.9 percent and 8.3 percent respectively in August, according to the data of the Commerce and Industry Ministry.
However, the cement output was up only 10.3 percent versus 16.5 percent in July.
Experts believe that the overall core sector growth of 5.8 percent is a positive for the economy given that it forms 37 percent of the index of industrial production.
According to  Yes Bank chief economist Shubhada Rao, the numbers are good but the internals are even better. Electricity and coal are doing good and steel is adding to the party.
“These are leading sectors for future activities and overall, this should help support trajectory getting positive going forward,” she adds.
Going ahead, the growth trajectory looks much positive, she concludes. 
RELATED NEWS

Investors want Modi to commit to no more retro tax movesOct 01, 2014, 06.12 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
'Investors want Modi to commit to no more retro tax moves'
Mahindra Group chairman Anand Mahindra says all investors are looking for is a commitment or an unequivocal promise from Prime Minister Modi that instances of retrospective taxation won't happen in the future. Investors are not looking for immediate repeal of retro tax, he adds.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Investors want Modi to commit to no more retro tax moves'
Mahindra Group chairman Anand Mahindra says all investors are looking for is a commitment or an unequivocal promise from Prime Minister Modi that instances of retrospective taxation won't happen in the future. Investors are not looking for immediate repeal of retro tax, he adds.
Post your opinion here
Special Show
Indo-US relationship is ruled by clichés and we need to move beyond that, is the word coming in from Mahindra Group chairman Anand Mahindra. He believes people in the US are impressed with Prime Minister Narendra Modi so far.
According to him, there was never a doubt that India has potential, but it was more about whether there is a catalyst or a conductor. "They believe Modi is the right conductor," Mahindra told CNBC-TV18.
He says, so far investors are pleased with movement on FDI front and believes allowing foreign direct investment (FDI) in defence is a goof move.
Mahindra says investors understand land and labour laws won’t change overnight. All they are looking for is a commitment or an unequivocal promise from Prime Minister Modi that instances of retrospective taxation won’t happen in the future. Investors are not looking for immediate repeal of retro tax, says Mahindra.
On today’s bi-monthly monetary policy, Mahindra feels Reserve Bank governor Raghuram Rajan can perhaps start thinking about lowering rates.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Anand Mahindra's interview with CNBC-TV18's Shereen Bhan.
Q: We have seen the Reserve Bank announce its credit policy along expected lines. No changes to any of the key rates which is what the street was expecting. It is unlikely that we are going to see rates come down any time soon perhaps not even at the end of this financial year. Credit growth continues to be sluggish. How real is the turnaround in the economy to your mind?
A: We are going through a very critical period right now. Everybody has been holding their breath waiting for this festival season to start and we are all expecting some kinds of magic to take place. It is a little early but it is very important. How the season goes is going to tell us whether the revival is real or not real. I am on the phone everyday asking our sales people is it real. There is still that magic rebound we wanted. It hasn’t happened yet. So yes, you are right, it is not real yet. But let us not jury us out. Let us wait till festival phase is over.
Q: But there is another question on the interest rates and the possibility of rates staying where they are at least till the end of this financial year. Reserve Bank has always maintained that corporate India is saying that the interest rate will lead to an economic rebound are somewhat exaggerated. How would you comment on that and the fact that interest rates are unlikely to move low any time soon?
A: The Governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has done an excellent job and the right thing in waiting and watching for as long as he had the fight against inflation, the fight to prevent it from raising its ugly head is more important one. However there is a kind of convergence of some benevolent events. If you look at commodity prices for example, they have been remarkably low, so given that there is still a little bit of a lag on Index of Industrial Production (IIP). He should probably, in my opinion, he doesn’t take advice from anyone but I would say it is maybe time to begin thinking about lowering rates. The propitious time is coming in.
Q: Do you believe that investors are buying what Mr Modi is selling because let me quote to you the reactions that I have got. Everyone is optimistic, some are nervously optimistic about India, some are guardedly optimistic and some are cautiously optimistic. How are you reading mood and sentiment?
A: I love those phrases, they are such nice clichés, isn’t it? I am going to use that as a take off point. Now in America we have to move beyond clichés. If we are going to conquer America the conquest has to move beyond clichés. The whole business about the largest democracy and the oldest democracy, our relationship has been ruled by clichés for too long.
People are now looking to see real progress on the ground. I believe they have been very impressed with what they have seen of Mr Modi so far. They recognise that what India needed was a kind of conductor for the orchestra. They never doubted the talent of the individual musicians of the orchestra. The problem is has there been the right conductor with the right piece of music for us to follow. I believe what this mission is doing in the first instance, and that is very important is establishing that Mr Modi is that conductor everyone was waiting for.
But yes, there is guardedness about the fact that will he be able to deliver and that should be everybody’s concern including Mr Modi. He set very high expectations while he is here and the downside of high expectations is we have to deliver.
Q: Investors that we have been speaking to continue to be concerned about retrospective issues, retrospective tax in particular because there we actually haven’t seen any changes being made by this government, the setting up of a committee seems like a bit of a copout. So people are not entirely convinced even though the government has said that the era of retrospective action is over. Has that continued to be dominant concern in your conversations as well?
A: It is interesting you asked me because I have a kind of very fresh conversation to report on. Yesterday I was at the Council on Foriegn Relations and I was flanked by two important US businessmen and I turned to them before Mr Modi started speaking and asked them what is your expectation and particularly on the tax issue and I promise I wouldn’t quote the person but he said, as long as he makes some unequivocal statement that we are not going to let this happen in future and that frankly there are political compulsions or other issues by which I have to find the resolution for the past issue but I commit that in future we will have more enlightened policy which will not include retrospective taxation, they are fine with that. They said a bold statement such as that would be fine.
Q: As far as retrospective action and retrospective tax in particular those concerns have been allayed?
A: This is a sample of one, as you the person who I was talking to, but I am saying that I was happy to find that there is a practical approach to this. People are not sitting here saying we want that act repealed otherwise we don’t look at India. They are saying we want a forward commitment from this man and we want an amicable resolution to the past.
Q: An area of opportunity that everybody is talking about is defence where the Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) limit has been hiked to 49 percent. Some investors believe that this government should have been bolder. The government has made it very clear that you can go beyond 49 percent if there is transfer of technology. That is an area of interest for you as well. What are people saying to you as far as defence corporations and defence joint ventures are concerned in specific?
A: They are pleased that there has been movement on that score that there has been a raising of that limit. I have always said that the problem was not so much the limit the FDI limit. It was the spending of the government. You are coming to India to do business, to do business with what you perceive to be the largest arms importers in the world. So everybody is seeing this bonanza. The bonanza wasn’t happening. The process of purchase of procurement was paralysed and that is far more important.
If we see the revival of reasonable, predictable procurement in a transparent manner, that is going to do far more to get investment into defence rather than fixating ourselves on this limit and the cap frankly 49 percent has been welcomed, it is fine.
Q: So do you believe that we are going to see a lot more money coming into the defence sector, more JVs being inked or do you believe it will continue to be wait and watch for a bit longer?
A: It is wait and watch for a little while to see whether the procurement process has been truly and sustainably revived.
Q: In terms of other key reforms land acquisition is something that people talk about. Labour reform is something people talk about. All of this requires legislative action. There is a concern on whether this government will be able to push that through or not. What are the other reforms that people have talked to you about what they would like to see the government undertake?
A: There is a lot of talk. The large reforms that people have talked about here are related to land and to labour laws and of course they have been watching with a very great concern on resource such as the coal issue. They recognise that the judgement that came recently is a process of law. They understand that this should result in greater transparency in the future. But they want to see action, they want to see that when they come into India are they going to get answers on these.

Not received findings on service tax evasion...charge
(India's largest realty…)
NEW DELHI: India's largest realty firm DLF today said it has not received any findings from authorities on alleged service tax evasion of about Rs 30 crore.
The company was replying to the clarification sought by stock exchange NSE on reports that DLF has come under the scanner of central revenue officials for allegedly evading service tax to the tune of about Rs 30 crore.
"DLF and its associates pay a total service tax of more than Rs 500 crore per annum to the government of India and there is no question of evading service tax of Rs 30 crores across multiple years...," DLF said in a filing to the BSE.
"We would also like to point out that we have so far not received any findings or observations from any wing of the Service Tax Department" with reference to this matter, the filing said.
DLF said industry players have sought clarification with the tax authorities on the issue of service tax on development rights.
Since development rights are a part of immovable property and hence it is not subject to service tax, DLF added.
A case against DLF has been registered by the Directorate General of Central Excise Intelligence (DGCEI) for alleged non -payment of service tax over transfer of development rights to other firms, official sources had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsoft names next operating system  Windo...Microsoft Corp names next operating system 'Windows 10'
By Reuters | 30 Sep, 2014, 11.00PM IST
Windows 10 will be the "most comprehensive platform ever," said Terry Myerson, Microsoft's head of operating systems,
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Microsoft Corp said on Tuesday the next version of its operating system will be called Windows 10.
The system, expected to be released next year, three years after its last release, Windows 8, will be the "most comprehensive platform ever," said Terry Myerson , Microsoft's head of operating systems, at an event in San Francisco.

IDFC Lowers Foreign Investment LimitYou are here: Home Corporates
IDFC Brings Down Foreign Investment Limit to 48 Per Cent
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 30, 2014 23:14 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: Infrastructure financing company IDFC Ltd has further pared its foreign investment limit to 48 per cent to meet requirements for the banking operations after having granted a licence by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) earlier this year.
IDFC has agreed to decrease the limit for purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by foreign institutional investors (FIIs) or registered foreign portfolio investors (RFPIs) to 48 per cent of the paid-up capital, the RBI said in a notification.
Earlier limit for such investments in IDFC was 50 per cent.
"Further, the Reserve Bank advised that IDFC Limited will remain included in the bank list for FIIs/RFPIs," it said.
The company has been gradually paring the foreign shareholding limit to meet the pre-requisite of bringing it down to run banking services.
Shares in IDFC, on Tuesday, ended at Rs 137.25 apiece on the BSE, down 2.38 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 22:29 (IST)

Petrol price cut by 65p; diesel rate to wait for PM s returnSep 30, 2014, 09.07 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Petrol price cut by 65p;diesel rate to wait for PM's return
State-owned oil firms, which skipped raising rates on September 16 even though their cost had gone up, cut prices in view of the downward trend in international markets. Petrol price was reduced by 54 paisa a litre without including local sales tax or VAT, with effect from midnight tonight.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Petrol price cut by 65p;diesel rate to wait for PM's return
State-owned oil firms, which skipped raising rates on September 16 even though their cost had gone up, cut prices in view of the downward trend in international markets. Petrol price was reduced by 54 paisa a litre without including local sales tax or VAT, with effect from midnight tonight.
Post your opinion here
 
Petrol price was today cut by 54 paisa a litre, but the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years was put off until the return of Prime Minister Narendra Modi from the US.
State-owned oil firms, which skipped raising rates on September 16 even though their cost had gone up, cut prices in view of the downward trend in international markets. Petrol price was reduced by 54 paisa a litre without including local sales tax or VAT, with effect from midnight tonight.
After accounting for the incidence of local sales tax, petrol rate in Delhi was reduced by 65 paisa to Rs 67.86 per litre, according to  Indian Oil Corp (IOC), the nation's largest fuel retailer. In Mumbai, petrol price was cut by 68 paisa to Rs 75.73 per litre. Petrol price was last cut by Rs 1.50 a litre, excluding state levies, on August 31. That reduction in Delhi came to Rs 1.82 per litre.
Alongside, the price of non-subsidised 14.2-kg cooking gas LPG cylinder, which consumer buy after exhausting their quota of 12 subsidised bottles in a year, was cut by Rs 21 to Rs 880 in Delhi. However, a reduction diesel rates, the first since January 2009, was put off till Modi's return from the US as the Oil Ministry felt it did not have a clear mandate to reduce rates post the January 2013 decision of the Cabinet to raise prices by 40-50 paisa a litre every month.
Petrol price was cut as it is a deregulated product needing no government intervention. Softening international oil rates has meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan is believed to have already written to Modi on the emerging scenario. Also, the ministry has written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of state assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana. A decision will be taken after Modi's return, they said.
RELATED NEWS

Prez Obama wants stabilisation in Indo-US relations: ExpertSep 30, 2014, 10.16 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Prez Obama wants stabilisation in Indo-US relations: Expert
Watch the interview of Strobe Talbott, President of Brookings Institution with Shereen Bhan of CNBC-TV18. He spoke about President Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's meeting scheduled for later in the day on Tuesday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prez Obama wants stabilisation in Indo-US relations: Expert
Watch the interview of Strobe Talbott, President of Brookings Institution with Shereen Bhan of CNBC-TV18. He spoke about President Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's meeting scheduled for later in the day on Tuesday.
Post your opinion here

Coalgate: System has flexibility to deal with loans  says Raghuram Rajan1
0
Mumbai: Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday said that there is already "fair amount of flexibility" in the system to deal with loans impacted by the Supreme Court order to de-allocate 214 coal blocks.
"I will reiterate that whenever we have issues of flexibility coming up, the real issue is putting the asset back on track, recovering the loan, etc. It's not about postponing recognition of the problem and let's keep that in mind," Rajan said at the customary post-policy interaction.
He was replying to a specific question on bankers saying that they may ask for some flexibility from RBI in showing some "regulatory forbearance" in the face of the Supreme Court order last week.
"I think there is fair amount of flexibility already built into our approach and I think it would be premature to judge questions of flexibility," Rajan said.
#coalgate #rbi #raghuram rajan #supreme court
"I think there is fair amount of flexibility already built into our approach and I think it would be premature to judge questions of flexibility," Rajan said. After discussing the ramifications of the apex court order, the bankers had said that they might have to request for a "regulatory forbearance" if the assets turn bad due to the order.
They had also opined that exposures to large corporates will be insulated from troubles as the urge to protect reputations will make them pay up. Deputy governor Urjit Patel said the order may not stoke inflation because the country already imports a lot of its coal requirements and moreover, the electricity prices are regulated which may not result in an immediate increase in the prices.
Rajan said that the opportunity to reform by starting afresh on exploiting the coal reserves, the fourth largest in the world, is the "silver lining" in the whole issue.
The Supreme Court decision to cancel the allocation of 214 coal blocks will have bearing on thermal power plants, in which the banks have put in more than Rs 1 lakh crore as loans.
1

BJP will get absolute majority in Maharashtra polls: Prakash Javadekar14
0
Nashik: Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar said on Tuesday that BJP will get an absolute majority in the upcoming Maharashtra assembly elections.
"People will vote for good governance and stable government. They will vote for BJP and we will get an absolute majority in the state Assembly elections. People are fed-up with Congress-NCP rule," Javadekar said during party's poll campaigning.
The senior BJP leader alleged that the law and order system in the state worsened during Home Minister RR Patil's regime and that he failed to handle situations of crisis. He alleged that though Maharashtra has ample water but the outgoing government failed to provide it to the farmers.
"BJP has always stood behind farmers and poor. We have plans to provide them employment, education, housing and health," the Union Minister said.
#bjp #prakash javadekar #maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014
"BJP has always stood behind farmers and poor. We have plans to provide them employment, education, housing and health," he said. After snapping ties with its 25-year old ally Shiv Sena, Javadekar said that they tried the best to save the alliance.
"We tried our best.. but we will not criticise them (Sena)," he said. Replying to a query on price of onions which rolled down at different Nashik APMC markets due to import of the commodity, the minister said that import (of onions) has stopped as orders placed by the government are completed.
On being asked on status of regional parties in the state, he said that they are working closely with the allies, who were the part of the 'grand alliance'. Javadekar was in the city to address a rally being held this evening under party's 'Mulukh Maidan' campaign for the state assembly polls.
3

NIA files charge sheet against 6 for Planting of bomb under Narayanasamy s carSep 30, 2014 at 09:32pm IST
NIA files charge sheet against 6 for Planting of bomb under Narayanasamy's car
9
0
New Delhi: The NIA on Tuesday filed charge sheet against six suspected members of banned Tamil Nadu Liberation Army for allegedly planting a pipe bomb under a car parked in front of former Union minister V Narayanasamy's Puducherry residence in January.
The charge sheet was filed in the special NIA court in Puducherry against Thiruselvam, Thangaraj, Kaviyarasan, Kalailingam, Karthik and John Martin, an official statement of the probe agency said.
The case pertains to the planting of the bomb beneath the car parked in front of the residence of Narayanasamy, the then Minister of State in PMO, at Ellai Amman Koil Street in the union territory.
The incident took place on January 29 when the security personnel on duty at the residence of the former minister found a suspicious object suspected to be an explosive material below the car.
#v narayanasamy #nia #bomb #puducherry
The accused, suspected to be members of TNLA, have been named in the charge sheet under section 120 B of the IPC (criminal conspiracy) and other sections of Explosives Substances Act and Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act. All of the six are at present in jail. The NIA claimed in the statement that the investigation undertaken by it had "conclusively established" that the accused were involved in a criminal conspiracy and committed a terrorist act.
The incident took place on January 29 when the security personnel on duty at the residence of the former minister found a suspicious object suspected to be an explosive material below the car. On his complaint, a case was registered and the bomb was defused by the bomb disposal team. TNLA is a small group which came into existence after India had sent its forces to Sri Lanka.
2

BJP will bring back one-party era with absolute majority: Rajiv Pratap Rudy5
0
Nagpur: The BJP will get absolute majority by winning more than 180 seats in upcoming Assembly elections in Maharashtra and install a first single-party government after a span of 25 years, senior BJP leader Rajiv Pratap Rudy said on Tuesday.
"For the first time after a long spell of 25 years, the state will get a single-party government which will be formed by BJP. The party will win more than 180 seats on its own out of 257 seats it is contesting for the October 15 elections," Rudy told a press conference.
Maharashtra Assembly has 288 seats. BJP, which last week severed ties with its alliance partner of 25-years, Shiv Sena, over disagreement on sharing of seats, is facing elections along with four smaller allies which were part of the erstwhile 'Mahayuti' (grand alliance).
Ruling out a split of votes, Rudy said that the BJP would not like to comment on the past developments which led to breaking of its alliance with Sena.
#rajiv pratap rudy #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #bjp
BJP has ceded 31 seats for RPI (A), Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna, Rashtriya Samaj Paksha and Shiv Sangram Party.
Ruling out a split of votes, Rudy said that the BJP would not like to comment on the past developments which led to breaking of its alliance with Sena.
Responding to a query, Rudy, who is BJP's observer for Maharashtra, said, "Earlier there were reports that Shiv Sena's lone minister in the union cabinet Anant Geete will resign, but the Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has now clarified that his party will not pull out of NDA government at Centre."
Rudy said that BJP national president Amit Shah will release the election manifesto on October 3, "which includes a vision for developing Maharashtra into a most advanced state with higher industrial growth."
However, he evaded a direct reply to a query on whether creation of separate Vidarbha state will be included in the manifesto.
BJP's former partner Sena is a staunch supporter of united Maharashtra and opposed to bifurcation of the state. Rudy said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi would be addressing around 22 to 24 elections meetings across the state between October 4 and 13. "The final details are being worked out when he returns from USA tomorrow," he said.
0

Watch: Narendra Modi s sartorial styleIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Watch: John Kerry admits White House cannot top Madison Square reception for ModiIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Walgreen suffers 4Q loss on acquisition chargeWalgreen suffers 4Q loss on acquisition charge
Walgreens earnings
The Walgreens store at State and Randolph Streets in Chicago.
The Walgreens store at State and Randolph Streets in Chicago. (Nancy Stone / Chicago Tribune)
By Ellen Jean Hirst, Tribune reporter
Walgreen CFO: Fourth-quarter loss 'doesn't tell the whole story."
Walgreen loss caused by charge related to pursuit of Alliance Boots.
Walgreen Co. reported a net loss for its fiscal fourth quarter after absorbing a large accounting charge related to its acquisition of European counterpart Alliance Boots GmbH.
The drugstore operator recorded an $866 million noncash loss in the quarter ended Aug. 31 because it opted to exercise early an option to buy the remaining stake in health and beauty retailer Alliance Boots. In 2012, Deerfield-based Walgreen bought a 45 percent stake in the Swiss company and had until 2015 to decide whether to buy the rest.
Walgreen earnings
@ChiTribGraphics
@ChiTribGraphics
For the quarter, Walgreen posted a net loss of $239 million, or 25 cents per share, compared with earnings of $657 million, or 69 cents per share, a year earlier. Excluding the charge, Walgreen's adjusted results matched Wall Street expectations of 74 cents a share.
8
“We have much more to do,” Walgreen CEO Greg Wasson said in a statement. “We closed the fiscal year by exercising the option for the second step of our strategic transaction with Alliance Boots, completing the transition of our pharmaceutical distribution to AmerisourceBergen and driving continued improvement in our daily living business.”
The deal with Alliance Boots makes Walgreen a global business, with a network of about 12,400 drugstores in 14 countries. Though Walgreen this year considered moving its corporate headquarters to Switzerland or the United Kingdom to save on taxes, it ultimately decided to stay in the Chicago area. Its new holding company, Walgreens Boots Alliance, will be incorporated in Delaware.
Revenue for the quarter rose 6.2 percent, to $19.1 billion. Sales at stores open at least a year, a key gauge of retailer health, increased 5.4 percent.
Equity analyst Jeff Windau, of Edward Jones, with a hold rating on the company's stock, said he will be monitoring the rollout of the Alliance Boots acquisition.
“There are always challenges with acquisitions,” Windau said.
But he was generally relieved, he said, that Walgreen hit expectations for the quarter.
“We do think management is taking appropriate actions trying to manage their costs,” he said. “They're becoming more of a role in the health care of patients. … We think that will help them grow in the long term.”
Walgreen earned $1.9 billion, or $2 per share, in its latest fiscal year, down from $2.5 billion, or $2.56 per share, a year earlier. Sales for the fiscal year increased 5.8 percent, to $76.4 billion.
Walgreen also filled a record 856 million prescriptions in fiscal 2014 and said the number of prescriptions filled by Medicare Part D patients, people who receive government subsidies for prescription drugs, increased 9.2 percent in the quarter compared with a year ago.
Since the beginning of fiscal 2013, Walgreen Co.'s Medicare Part D prescription market share grew more than twice as fast as its overall prescription market share, the company said.
Still, Wasson said fiscal-year 2015 will be affected by lower Medicare Part D reimbursement rates, as well as the rising prices of generic drugs, but did not give specific estimates on how much those items would affect the company's bottom line.
Walgreen expects $650 million in savings from the merger in 2015. Wasson said he knows the deal might cause some anxiety among Walgreen employees in fiscal 2015, too, but the company is working to make sure the cultural transition goes well.
“There's going to be some degree of angst, and that should be expected,” Wasson said. “We have certainty that we are going to bring this together. … How we've seen it come together (so far) is very, very encouraging.”
Walgreen stock was barely affected at Tuesday's market close, down about half a percent to $59.27.

White House Might Cave On A New Minimum Wage RuleWorker Groups 'Alarmed' White House May Delay New Minimum Wage, Overtime Rule
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- It was once part of President Barack Obama's " We Can't Wait " economic agenda. But now the wait might be getting even longer.
The Labor Department is considering delaying a long-awaited rule that would extend new workplace protections to home care workers -- a possibility that has advocates for low-wage workers steamed.
In a letter addressed to Labor Secretary Tom Perez on Monday, more than 40 labor and advocacy groups said that they were "alarmed" by suggestions that officials might delay the new regulations and put a "historic workplace victory in jeopardy."
"The basic rights of two million home care workers -- predominantly women and disproportionately women of color -- once again hang in the balance, as the administration appears at risk of faltering in the face of opposition," they wrote.
The letter included signatures from the AFL-CIO labor federation, American Psychological Association and the National Employment Law Project, among others.
The new rule would guarantee minimum wage and overtime protections to home care workers, a class that's been carved out of such basic provisions for decades . Home care workers tend to the elderly and people with disabilities in their homes, and many of them work long hours and are paid relatively low wages for their efforts.
For years, labor groups had demanded that Congress or the executive branch rectify what they deemed an injustice, and last September it appeared they had finally gotten their wish. The White House announced that as of 2015, home care workers would be covered under the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Great Depression-era law that established minimum wage and time-and-a-half overtime pay for hourly workers.
But MSNBC first reported on Friday that the Labor Department was thinking about holding off on the rule's implementation due to concerns from unnamed stakeholders.
"We're flabberghasted," said Deane Beebe, spokeswoman for PHI, an advocacy group for home care workers. "Home care workers have been waiting for years for basic labor protections that most working Americans already have. They can't snatch it away at the last moment."
PHI attributes wage stagnation and high turnover rates in the industry to the fact that workers lack basic labor protections. The group has agitated for years for the reform.
Home care providers and industry groups have long opposed extending the wage standards to home care workers, arguing that it would raise costs on businesses and ultimately consumers. That opposition has not abated since the White House announced last year that the new rule would go into effect.
The National Association for Home Care & Hospice, an industry lobby, told its members last week that it had enlisted Sen. Mike Johanns (R) of Nebraska to try to pressure the Labor Department to sit on the rule. Nebraska is home to Home Instead Senior Care, a major home care provider that's been among the rule's more outspoken critics.
"A major effort to get signers on to the Senator Johanns letter might help to sway the Department of Labor," the lobby wrote. "The support to date has come only from Republican senators. It is expected that this will continue."
At this point, the Labor Department may be more concerned with the objections raised by state Medicaid programs, which ultimately pay the salaries of many home care workers. The National Association of Medicaid Directors has asked that officials wait another year and a half to roll out the rule. As MSNBC reported , the group claimed that it doesn't have the tools in place yet to comply with the requirements.
In their letter Monday, the labor groups noted that New York and California are already moving ahead under the reforms, and that other states had begun tracking workers' hours to account for the new overtime requirements.
"Some have even openly admitted to ignoring the rule over the past year," they wrote. "A delay would reward this intransigence. And it would exacerbate regional discrepancies in worker pay, ensuring that poor working women of color remain poor in the states where they need the wage increase the most."
The Labor Department declined to comment on any possible delays.
Correction: This post originally said that the national union SEIU had signed the letter. In fact, it was SEIU-United Long Term Care Workers that had signed.
More:

Khem cho Mr. PM  Obama greets Modi at White HouseEYE BROWSE
Modi wows America
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's rockstar-like reception by a rapturous Indian-American community at Madison Square Garden made quite a splash in the US media too ahead of his summit Monday with President Barack Obama.
In a glitzy show of lights, lasers and slogans, populist Modi delivered a triumphal address to tens of thousands of Indian-Americans and US dignitaries in New York on Sunday, less than a decade after he was barred from the United States over bloody sectarian riots.
Members of fast growing 3.2 million-strong Indian diaspora, cheered and chanted "Modi, Modi!" during his 70-minute address in Hindi at Madison Square Garden, where they made up one of the largest crowds seen in the United States for a foreign leader.
On September 30, President Obama, who hosted a dinner in the honour of the visiting dignitary, greeted the Prime Minister with the traditional Gujarati salutation 'Khem Cho' at the White House.
The US President and Prime Minister Modi are expected to discuss a range of issues of mutual interest, including ways to accelerate economic growth and bolster security cooperation to expand and deepen the strategic partnership between both nations. (Agencies)
Gallery View:Modi wows America

Kem Cho   Obama to Modi at the White HouseSep 30, 2014, 05.45 PM IST  | Source: PTI
'Kem Cho,' Obama to Modi at the White House
As Obama hosted Modi for dinner, the local Indian- Americans celebrated the Modi-Obama meeting by organising a cultural event and performing "Garba" dance in front of the White House.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Kem Cho,' Obama to Modi at the White House
As Obama hosted Modi for dinner, the local Indian- Americans celebrated the Modi-Obama meeting by organising a cultural event and performing "Garba" dance in front of the White House.
Post your opinion here
 
"Kem Cho" - this is how US President Barack Obama welcomed Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Gujarati at the doorstep of the White House, ahead of the rare private dinner hosted in his honour.
"Thank you very much, President", Modi responded as the two leaders shook hands and walked inside. "Kem cho", which means 'how are you', is a common greeting among Gujaratis.
As Obama hosted Modi for dinner, the local Indian- Americans celebrated the Modi-Obama meeting by organising a cultural event and performing "Garba" dance in front of the White House.
Set in an informal ambiance, the dinner was the first opportunity for both the leaders to interact with each other. Both the leaders were joined by 20 attendees at the dinner. The President was joined by Vice President Joe Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry and National Security Advisor Susan Rice among others.
Modi was accompanied by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and Indian Ambassador to the US, S Jaishankar among others.
RELATED NEWS

Exim Bank to pitch for higher leverage  says MathurExim Bank to pitch for higher leverage, says Mathur
K. R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 30:  
Export Import Bank of India (EXIM) would soon urge the Modi-led Government to allow it to go in for more leverage, its Chairman and Managing Director, Yaduvendra Mathur has said.
Currently, EXIM can borrow only ten times the size of its net owned funds.
This seemingly low leverage limit puts it at a competitive disadvantage in pushing Indian exports, given that the Chinese Exim gets to leverage 70 times and Korean Exim can go upto 30 times their capital, according to Mathur.
" We will request the Government to allow us leverage of 15 times", Mathur told Business Line on the sidelines of an EXIM award event in the capital.
The occasion where such a demand will be placed is a meeting that has been convened by the Prime Minister's office to look at measures to strengthen the balance sheet of EXIM.
"The PMO has convened a meeting and this will be one of our requests. There is no merit in RBI treating us like commercial banks", Mathur said, adding that more leverage should be allowed to help EXIM expand its operations.
EXIM is expecting the Government to infuse another Rs 650 crore capital this fiscal, taking the total capital to about Rs 5,000 crore by end March.
On project exports, Mathur felt the overall pie of project exports from the country will increase if the Government were to allow interest subvention for such exports.
"The new Government is yet to take a policy decision on this issue. There is a pipeline of $ 7 billion worth project export contracts waiting to be awarded", he said adding that such exports could get a boost from any interest subvention.
srivats.kr@thehindu.co.in
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Tata Starbucks has over 50 cities on radar for expansionHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Starbucks has over 50 cities on radar for expansion
V Rishi Kumar
Avani Davda , CEO of Tata Starbucks Ltd, at the opening of the Starbucks Experience in Hyderabad on Tuesday. She is displaying the unique Coffee Experience offer for Deepavali . -- P. V. Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Sept.30:  
Tata Starbucks Ltd continues to expand its presence by setting up its 58{+t}{+h} store in the country in Hyderabad, while scouting for more opportunities.
The 50:50 venture between the Nasdaq-listed Starbucks Coffee Company and Tata Beverages, the coffee store chain operates across six cities in the country.
Avani Davda, Chief Executive Officer, Tata Starbucks, said: “In less than two years of the brand launch in India, we have developed a chain of stores across the country in six cities. But we have more than 50 cities in our radar where we can potentially open our stores.”
The opening up of the store here is part of the long-term strategy to strengthen the company’s presence in the country and provide Starbucks experience to the neighbourhood.
“We look forward to offering customers our distinctive Third Place — that place between home and work where they can enjoy arabica coffee, handcrafted Starbucks beverages and locally-relevant food. While bringing the iconic global experience and passion, we respect the local palette and tastes offering Indian consumer a premium experience,” she said.
The chain has introduced a loyalty programme for its customers and has over 40,000 members. For the company, the opening of the flagship store in Hyderabad is consistent with the long-term growth strategy to strengthen the company’s presence in South India. The stores are designed to reflect Starbucks coffee heritage and provide customers personalised coffee.
Globally, Starbucks has more than 17,000 stores.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Tamil Nadu protests  suicides continue as Jayalalithaa languishes in jailE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hrithik Roshan s  Bang Bang  barred by high court on 90 websitesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi warned against sending Indian troops to fight Islamic StateE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

GSECL  NTPC in pact to swap 1 mt coalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rain shortfall at 12 pc as monsoon comes to official endE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Andhra banks ask govt to set up second debt recovery tribunalE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Oilmin cracks whip on PSUs over project delaysE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sebi plans to cut IPO timeline to just 4 daysExchanges issue commencement of trading notice
T+12 Trading commences
T is closing day; + indicates the number of additional days taken                                                                                   Source: Sebi
It is believed that bringing down the timeline for IPOs is necessary to improve the market’s efficiency. “If you have to wait for 12 days to get the goods in any kind of transaction, it is not a good marketplace. The IPO timeline has to be brought down. Nowhere else in the world does it take 12 days,” said Prithvi Haldea, chairman, Prime Database, an IPO tracking firm. “A reduction will help investors, as it will bring down the market risk. A lot of times, the market changes substantially between the IPO and the listing.”
Experts say Sebi plans to use the secondary market infrastructure to bring down the timeline. Investors will have to apply directly to the stock exchanges, on the lines of the offer for sale (OFS) route. Sources, however, said the difficulty is that doing so will make redundant the existing infrastructure for IPO distribution.
“A section of the market doesn’t want any changes to the distribution method as it will hurt the intermediaries,,” said a source.
An alternative way is to make the Asba (Applications supported by blocked amount) facility compulsory for retail investors. Currently, those applying in the institutional investors and high net worth individuals (HNIs) category have to compulsory apply through Asba, where the application amount doesn’t leave the applicant’s bank account until the allotment process is complete.
Sebi has not made Asba mandatory for retail investors as the facility is not available with all banks, especially small-size public sector lenders. Making this route compulsory will impact investments from small cities, where investors rely on cheque payments in the absence of Asba, which requires internet banking.
“The delay is largely due to physical payment methods. Reconciliation and clearing of cheques is a time-consuming process. Only if you eliminate the physical process can the IPO timeline be reduced,” said Haldea. Market players say it takes up to five days to complete the cheque payment process in IPOs. Sebi had previously truncated the IPO process in 2010, when the timeline was cut from 22 days to 12 days. “Sebi will seek market feedback before making any changes to the IPO process,” said the source quoted earlier.

Indian markets outperform global peers in first half of FY15Indian markets outperform global peers in first half of FY15
Puneet Wadhwa |  Sep 30, 2014 10:48 PM IST
Indian markets rose 19 per cent in the first half of this financial year, the best performance by any market during this period, globally. The rise was primarily due to strong flows from foreign institutional investors (FIIs), amid hopes the new government at the Centre would announce key policy reforms to help kick-start economic growth.
As of September 26, FIIs had invested Rs 61,024 crore this financial year, while mutual funds had put in Rs 15,298 crore during the same period, according to Securities and Exchange Board of India data. The market rally saw the BSE Sensex and the National Stock Exchange Nifty hit their record highs of 27,355 and 8,180, respectively, after the results of the general election. “Since the formation of the government, the NDA (National Democratic Alliance) has made all the right noises, through the Union Budget and a series of announcements. These have had a positive impact on the sentiment and the investment climate. The equity market has also given a thumbs-up to most initiatives,” said a recent note by ICICI Securities.
The rally in the mid- and small-cap stocks outpaced the rise in the benchmarks, with the CNX mid-cap and the CNX small-cap indices gaining 32 per cent and 34 per cent, respectively, during this period.
The road ahead
While most analysts agree the rally has more steam left, they expect the markets to consolidate before resuming their rally. Amid this backdrop, they suggest investors should brace for volatility. On the domestic front, analysts are also keeping a tab on the government’s reform agenda, which is expected to play out after the outcome of the state Assembly polls.
Vaibhav Sanghavi, director (equities), Ambit Investment Advisors, feels in the immediate term, the markets will react to corporate results, to be announced in October. He adds through the next six months, the Union Budget will also be a key determinant of how the markets fare.
“At the same time, there are a lot of events stacked up at the global level, including tapering of the US Fed Reserve’s bond-buying programme, economic data from Europe and China and geopolitical events. Beyond October, investors should brace for volatility, which is likely on account of global factors, rather than domestic,” he says.
On FII flows, analysts suggest long-only funds will continue to pour in. However, hot money flows are likely to be impacted due to realignment of carry trades. A stronger dollar could see some flight of capital to the US, they add.
Lalit Nambiar, fund manager, UTI Mutual Fund, says: “The strengthening of the dollar will impact global markets, including India. Besides state election results, US news flow is the most critical thing to influence market direction for India. One must realise an improvement in domestic earnings is yet to show; the markets have moved up largely on hope…The next few months might not be as easy as the recent past, in terms of FII flows to Indian markets.”
“One needs to be selective and patient while investing at current levels, as there could be some correction before the markets start to rise again. This will probably be relatively healthy for Indian markets, compared to a continuous run-up, which suddenly loses steam,” he added
Sanghavi of Ambit feels India is the best bet among emerging markets. Though he doesn’t expect the markets to correct more than 5-10 per cent through the next six months, he doesn’t feel the markets will gain more than 10-15 per cent from current levels.
On the domestic front, analysts are also keeping a tab on the government's reform agenda, which is expected to play out post the outcome of the State polls. Though they believe that the groundwork for certain essential reforms (GST, fuel price rationalisation, direct benefit schemes, government approvals) has largely been done, it is a question of implementation now.

Indian Alibaba inevitable  says Mukesh BansalIndian Alibaba inevitable, says Mukesh Bansal
Nivedita Mookerji | New Delhi Oct 01, 2014 12:46 AM IST
If Mukesh Bansal, chief executive officer of Myntra, recently acquired by e-commerce major Flipkart, is to be believed, an Indian Alibaba is inevitable.
Bansal, who heads the fashion business at Flipkart and is part of the core management team running the Flipkart-Myntra combine, was speaking to Business Standard on the possibility of an Indian Alibaba in the near future. That question has been around since the Chinese e-tailer notched a $21.8-billion Initial Public Offer of equity. Its market capitalisation exceeds that of Amazon and eBay together.
Mukesh Bansal, the third one by that surname in the C-team of Flipkart-Myntra after Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal, refused to say which the Indian Alibaba would be. However, he noted the e-commerce leader in India was expected to hold 70-80 per cent of the market in the next four to five years. In market share, Alibaba is at that point now, with an estimated 80 per cent of the Chinese e-commerce market.
On whether Flipkart-Myntra will be that leader in the Indian e-commerce space in four to five years, Mukesh Bansal said, “We are working towards that.’’ Currently, market estimates suggest the two entities jointly have about half of Indian e-commerce. In the fashion space, the fastest growing segment, the two have been able to capture a little over 55 per cent of the total pie.
In India, there will be one or more $100-bn internet companies in the time to come, Bansal said in an interview to this newspaper from his designer Bangalore office on Sunday. That was the same day Jeff Bezos, founder and CEO of American e-commerce company Amazon, was in the city, talking to the media about the potential of the country’s e-commerce sector. And, Flipkart is very much a contender, he indicated. While there’s no timeframe set for achieving the $100-bn target, 2020 seems logical, if not sooner, Bansal said.
In spite of the mega IPO of Alibaba, Flipkart-Myntra is not thinking of a public offering at this point. “The Alibaba IPO was very inspiring for Indian e-commerce,’’ says Bansal. But, the chance of an Indian Alibaba was based on the fact that online retail would perform much better than offline as the market grows and also that the e-commerce success is being fuelled by mobile phone transactions across the country. Internet penetration (more so through hand-held devices and phones) is growing at a rapid pace, with retail offline finding it tough to keep pace, he said.
It’s been just about six months after Myntra was bought by Flipkart, and Myntra’s Bansal looked relaxed as he walked into 'Chanel’—the conference room named after designer Coco Chanel, known for Chanel No 5 perfume and the little black dress — in T-shirt and jeans on Sunday morning, before leaving for a multi-city tour through the week. How has it been post merger? “There was some scepticism initially. But, retrospectively thinking, it was a great decision for the long term.’’ While he’s leading the fashion business, he’s one of the top people taking investment decisions for Flipkart-Myntra. ‘’So, it’s been good.’’
Bansal thought hard about the merger pangs, and then said, “There are some unexplored synergies between Flipkart and Myntra. That has to be worked on.’’ Perhaps, once that’s achieved, the two could hit annual revenue of Rs 20,000 crore in fashion alone over the next three years, from an estimated Rs 3,500 crore sales in the segment currently. That for Flipkart, which had recently raised $1 bn in one go recently, would be a significant step to having 70-80 per cent of the Indian e-commerce market, and also enter the $100-bn club to be a contender for the Indian Alibaba.

When its right to lie in businessSeptember 30, 2014 1:38 pm
Lies, damned lies and running a business
By Luke Johnson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/364f2924-47e1-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kong braced for biggest protest stormHong Kong marks National Day with protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83f90ad2-48bd-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

http://usat.ly/1CFe58lEbola stocks soar after infection hits U.S.
By: Matt Krantz September 30, 2014 5:56 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Shares of companies working on Ebola treatments are soaring in after-hours trading after the Center for Disease Control and Prevention said there’s been a first case of the infection in the U.S.
U.S.-traded shares of Canada-based firm Tekmira Pharmaceuticals (TKMR) are up 23% in after-hours trading to $25.90. The company is working on an ebola fighting drug code-named TKM-Ebola that in trial phase. Shares of Tekmira gained 46 cents, or 2%, to $21.14 during regular trading.
Another big gainer on the news is biotech Sarepta Therapeutics (SRPT) . Shares are up $1.67, or 8%, to $22.77 in after-hours trading. Shares closed at $21.10, down 38 cents, or 1.8%. The Cambridge, Mass.-based firm specializes on developing treatment for rare and contagious diseases.
And then there’s BioCryst Pharmaceuticals (BCRX). The stock is up 11.5% in after-hours trading to $10.90. Shares skidded 71 cents, or 7%, to $9.78 during regular trading. The biotech company based in Durham, N.C. develops a range of treatments for infectious diseases, including the flu.

India  US agree in principle to renew defence pactSep 30, 2014 at 11:07pm IST
India, US agree in principle to renew defence pact
41
0
Washington: India and US have in principle agreed to extend their defence agreement for another 10 years which will take forward the cooperation between the two countries in the crucial area.
Sources in the Department of Defence said, "we are still negotiating the framework agreement (defence) but have not finished." Pentagon sources said it was "happening".
The framework agreement, which will expire next year, was signed here in 2005 by then Defence Minister Pranab Mukherjee and his US counterpart Donald Rumsfeld.
India has raised the FDI cap in defence sector recently from 26 per cent to 49 per cent with an aim of boosting indigenous defence production.
#barack obama #us #modi meets america #modi meets obama
Earlier, US Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi here and discussed issues relating to defence cooperation and combating terrorism.
The pact had laid strong foundations leading to mutually beneficial defence cooperation between the two countries through security dialogue, service-level exchanges, defence exercises and defence trade and technology collaboration.
The renewal of the pact had figured at meeting Defence Minister Arun Jaitley had with his American counterpart Chuck Hagel in August in New Delhi.
In the meeting, both sides had decided to take steps for extension of the pact besides agreeing to enhance cooperation in joint production and development of defence equipment.
The US has been pushing defence deals with India worth over Rs 20,000 crore, including the sale of Apache attack choppers, Chinook heavylift helicopters and the Javelin anti-tank guided missiles.
It has already sold equipment worth Rs 60,000 crore in the last 10 years to India but none of these weapon sales programme is about joint production or co-development and does not include transfer of technology.
India has raised the FDI cap in defence sector recently from 26 per cent to 49 per cent with an aim of boosting indigenous defence production. India imports almost 70 per cent of its defence needs from foreign sources.
3

Petrol price cut by 65 paisa; diesel rate to wait for PM Modi s returnSep 30, 2014 at 09:19pm IST
Petrol price cut by 65 paisa; diesel rate to wait for PM Modi's return
49
1
New Delhi: Petrol price was on Tuesday cut by 54 paisa a litre, but the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years was put off until the return of Prime Minister Narendra Modi from the US.
State-owned oil firms, which skipped raising rates on September 16 even though their cost had gone up, cut prices in view of the downward trend in international markets.
Petrol price was reduced by 54 paisa a litre without including local sales tax or VAT, with effect from midnight on Tuesday.
Petrol price was reduced by 54 paisa a litre without including local sales tax or VAT, with effect from midnight on Tuesday
#petrol #diesel #narendra modi #tracking the modi government
After accounting for the incidence of local sales tax, petrol rate in Delhi was reduced by 65 paisa to Rs 67.86 per litre, according to Indian Oil Corp (IOC), the nation's largest fuel retailer. In Mumbai, petrol price was cut by 68 paisa to Rs 75.73 per litre.
Petrol price was last cut by Rs 1.50 a litre, excluding state levies, on August 31. That reduction in Delhi came to Rs 1.82 per litre.
Alongside, the price of non-subsidised 14.2-kg cooking gas LPG cylinder, which consumer buy after exhausting their quota of 12 subsidised bottles in a year, was cut by Rs 21 to Rs 880 in Delhi.
However, a reduction diesel rates, the first since January 2009, was put off till Modi's return from the US as the Oil Ministry felt it did not have a clear mandate to reduce rates post the January 2013 decision of the Cabinet to raise prices by 40-50 paisa a litre every month. Petrol price was cut as it is a deregulated product needing no government intervention.
Softening international oil rates has meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre. Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan is believed to have already written to Modi on the emerging scenario.
Also, the ministry has written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of state assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana. A decision will be taken after Modi's return, they said.
Sources said that the Oil Ministry is of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) on January 17, 2013, allowed a monthly increase in diesel price of 40-50 paise per month to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
It wants to reduce diesel price to protect state-owned oil companies' market share, which may be lost to private retailers who would be selling diesel in tandem with international prices.
This would be the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years. Diesel rates were last cut on January 29, 2009 when they were reduced by Rs 2 a litre to Rs 30.86. Since then rates have only increased as international oil prices climbed.
Since January 2013, diesel prices have been raised by up to 50 paise a litre every month to eliminate under-recoveries. Like diesel, state-owned oil companies had also not changed petrol rates on September 16 though it warranted a 54 paise increase as its benchmark gasoline rates had firmed up in international market.
This is perhaps the first time that retail prices of diesel in India are higher than global rates. Oil companies calculate the desired retail selling price of petrol and diesel on 1st and 16th of every month based on average international benchmark price and rupee-dollar exchange rate.
As per this practice, a revision is due today. Originally, petrol and diesel prices were deregulated in April 2002 when NDA government was in power. Administered pricing regime, however, made a back-door entry towards the end of NDA regime in the first quarter of 2004 when crude prices started inching up.
Congress-led UPA controlled rates as international oil prices went through the roof. In June 2010, however, it freed petrol price from its control and rates have since them moved more or less in tandem with cost.
In January 2013, the UPA decided to deregulate diesel prices in stages through monthly 50 paise a litre increases. Rates were last raised on August 31 after which losses have been wiped out. Rates have cumulatively risen by Rs 11.81 per litre in 19 instalments since January 2013.
20

Delhi Metro to launch  Clean & Green Delhi  drive on October 2Sep 30, 2014 at  06:30pm IST
Delhi Metro to launch 'Clean & Green Delhi' drive on October 2
15
0
New Delhi: Delhi Metro will plant saplings and focus on cleanliness at its stations and surrounding areas as part of 'Clean and Green Delhi' drive in line with the nation-wide 'Swachh Bharat' campaign.
"As part of 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan', DMRC will be undertaking a special 'Clean & Green Delhi' drive from October 2 onwards to work towards cleanliness and a better environment of all its installations and nearby surroundings," said DMRC Executive Director (Corporate Communications) Anuj Dayal.
During this cleanliness drive, Delhi Metro will involve its entire staff and stakeholders like CISF, housekeeping agencies, parking contractors, facilitation staff.
During this cleanliness drive, Delhi Metro will involve its entire staff and stakeholders like CISF, housekeeping agencies, parking contractors, facilitation staff.
#delhi #delhi metro #dmrc #clean india
"Beginning from October 2, all 147 Metro stations, eight train maintenance depots and seven DMRC colonies will be cleaned and plantation of approximately 1,500 fruit trees will be undertaken along Yamuna Bank and in different Metro colonies," Dayal said.
The fruit trees to be planted include saplings of Jamun, Imli, Amla, Bel and others. "All 7,895 Delhi Metro staff will be educated for sanitation and hygiene along with 3,000 cleaning (housekeeping) staff posted at different stations and depots.
Regular fogging will be done at all major interchange Metro stations, eight depots and seven Metro colonies," Dayal added. Delhi Metro will also take necessary action against anyone found defacing Metro properties during this period and FIRs may be lodged as per legal provisions, if required, he said.
Dayal said that DMRC is laying 'special attention' on the cleaning and disinfection of toilets and 155 sets of public toilets and 67 sets of staff toilets situated at different Metro stations and locations are being cleaned vigorously.
"Awareness on waste management will be carried out as per DMRC's policy on Waste Management - removal and disposal of waste and non-use of plastic. In this regard, DMRC has already earmarked few locations and the drive is already underway to clean up these areas," Dayal said, adding the cleaning of the bus stand area near Kashmere Gate Metro station is already in progress.
The DMRC 'Children's Home' at Tis Hazari and 'Old Age Shelter Home' at Govindpuri will also be spruced up before Diwali on October 23. "Necessary provision of drinking water facility installations will be made during the period. DMRC has provided the facility of drinking water at 16 stations and the work for others stations are in progress," he said. DMRC will conduct poster competitions among children of its colonies to make youth aware about the importance of cleanliness.
6

Key backing for Maker online studioDecember 20, 2012 6:19 pm
Key backing for Maker online studio
By Emily Steel in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/254e408a-4ac0-11e2-9650-00144feab49a.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Come to India  It s a Win-Win Situation: PM to US EntrepreneursYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
Come to India, It's a Win-Win Situation, PM Modi Tells Business Leaders in US
NDTV | Updated On: October 01, 2014 05:24 (IST)
Making a strong pitch to attract investments into India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday assured top US business leaders of tax stability and a friendlier business environment in the country.
Here are top 10 developments:
In his address to business leaders at the US-India Business Council (USIBC) in Washington, PM Modi promised a friendly environment in India. This was PM Modi's last public engagement in his five-day US visit.
The US-India Business Council is the business advocacy organisation representing over 300 companies, with an aim to strengthen commercial ties between the two countries.
PM Modi pledged to make India's tax system simpler.
The role of the government should be that of a facilitator, PM Modi said, promising extensive use of technology for ease of doing business in India.
He also promised better infrastructure and labour reforms.
Mr Modi invited the business leaders to 'Come to India'. Hours before he left for the US last week, he had launched the ambitious 'Make in India' campaign, guaranteeing that manufacturing in India will be made easy and cheap.
India is moving ahead with great speed, PM Modi said, citing the record investment cleared by his government in nearly four months since it came to power. PM Modi, however, acknowledged that given the very short time, it has not been possible to change a lot of things.
PM Modi told the business leaders that his US trip has been very successful. On Monday, he held meetings with a battery of American corporate executives including those from Boeing, PepsiCo, Google, KKR, MasterCard and General Electric.
USIBC Chairman Ajay Banga, who is also the CEO of MasterCard, said, "The best days of US-India relations are coming." He expressed confidence that India-US trade can grow five times from the current $100 billion.
US Chamber of Commerce President Tom Donohue welcomed PM Modi's commitment to replace "the red tape with the red carpet" and the government's commitment to labour and tax reforms.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 05:14 (IST)

Scientists See Bleached Coral in Northwest HawaiiAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Sept. earns  rep  as worst monthEMAIL
Getty Images
September did little to change its reputation as the worst-performing month of the year for the U.S. stock market. After a run to a new record high on Sept. 18, stocks have been going down and finished the month in the red.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index fell 1.6% in September, dropping from 2003.37 to 1972.29.  Here is a chart of the S&P 500 through last night’s close.
The S&P 500 stock index is down 1.6% in September, living up to its reputation as the worst month for stocks. (Chart: Yahoo Finance, as of Sept. 29 close)
The benchmark U.S. stock index couldn’t shrug off the ghosts of Septembers’ past.
History spells trouble for stock investors in September.
Here’s the gruesome statistics:
* Since 1928, the S&P 500 is ranked No. 12 in performance out of the 12 months of the year, with average losses of 1.02%, and finishing higher just 45% of the time, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices.
* The performance picture doesn’t look much prettier since 1950, either. September ranked last again, declining 0.5%, on average, and posting positive returns just 45% of the time.
The fall came despite the index hitting its 33rd and 34th record highs of the year earlier this month.
Stocks have been hurt by conflict abroad, in places like Ukraine, Iraq, Syria. And recent pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong have added to geopolitical risk. Investors have also had to come to grips with the fact that the Federal Reserve will eventually have to start raising interest rates sometime next year.
It’s not just the S&P 500 that has struggled this September. Indexes that track blue chip stocks, tech name and small company stocks also are down.
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped 0.3%, the Nasdaq composite plunged 1.9% and the small-cap Russell 2000 index is off 6.2%.
The poor performance in September took a dent out of the third quarter, but stocks still posted gains for the quarter. The S&P 500 managed a 0.6% gain, its seventh consecutive quarterly gain.
 

Jackpot: Stocks that hit 40% gains in third quarterEMAIL
AP
Want to make 40% on your money in three months? Who doesn’t? These stocks actually delivered a jackpot in the third quarter.
There are six stocks in the broad Standard & Poor’s 1500 index, including materials company Century Aluminum (CENX) , VASCO Data Security (VDSI) and United States Steel (X) that jumped 40% or more during the third quarter, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
There’s no question that a 40% gain was not the norm during the quarter. The S&P 500 index inched up just 0.6% during the quarter. No, that’s not exactly awe-inspiring performance, but it’s not bad enough to make investors wish they’d stayed away. Besides, the quarter was relatively drama-free making the ho-hum returns tolerable.
But investors looking for more action definitely had plenty of options. Century Aluminum, seller of the metal alloy in the U.S. and Iceland, soared 68% during the third quarter. The company turned a profit of an adjusted 22 cents a share in the quarter ended in June. Investors loved that — not just because it snapped a streak of losing money for four quarters but it beat expectations by 22%. The stock has come off lately, but it has still had a monster quarter.
Another huge winner during the quarter was U.S. Steel. Ending years of pain, the steel maker’s stock is up 53% during the third quarter. The steel company is also marching back into the black. U.S. Steel is expected to earn $1.17 a share on an adjusted basis in the third quarter, reversing a year-ago loss of 14 cents a share, S&P Capital IQ says.
If you didn’t own these stocks during the third quarter, sorry. At least you can look at the pictures — and be glad the quarter wound up fine for most.
And don’t think it’s a good idea to blindly jump on these stocks if you missed them. Two of the stocks United Therapeutics (UTHR) and International Rectifier (IRF) have already jumped past analysts’ 18-month price targets. International Rectifier is being bought. And two of the stocks, including U.S. Steel, are rated hold.
Company

S&P 500 sees 7th straight quarterly gainS&P 500 posts 7th straight quarter of gains
By: Adam Shell September 30, 2014 4:04 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Despite finishing in the red for September, the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index closed out the third quarter in the black, extending its string of quarterly gains to seven.
The benchmark U.S. stock index, which notched its 34th record close of the year at 2011.36 on Sept. 18 and then took some lumps late in the month due to geopolitical flareups around the globe, finished the third quarter of 2014 up 0.6%, to 1972.29.
The large-company stock index hasn’t posted a losing quarter since the fourth quarter of 2012, when it slid 1%, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices.
Here’s a look at the performance of the S&P 500 during its winning streak (data supplied by S&P Dow Jones Indices):
Qtr.      % gain
2Q13     +2.4%
1Q13     +10.0%
The broad U.S. stock gauge fell 1.6% in September, a month that has been the worst-performing month of the year since 1928.
In the just-completed July thru September quarter, the S&P 500 was paced by stocks in the health care and informational technology sectors. Hurting the index was the energy and utilities sectors.
During the quarter, investors had to navigate a series of geopolitical flash points around the globe. The Ukraine and Russia conflict gave investors pause, as has the recent U.S. military involvement in Iraq and Syria to hobble the Islamic State militant group and the latest pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. Wall Street also wrestled with the reality that the Federal Reserve will end its bond-buying program in October and likely start raising interest rates from record-low levels sometime in 2015.
Still, stocks climbed on the strength of an economy that continues to recover and perhaps is the brightest spot on the global stage at the moment.
The S&P 500 peaked at an intraday high of nearly 2020 on Friday, Sept. 19, the day the widely hyped initial public offering of Chinese e-commerce giant resulted in a 38% first-day gain.
Wall Street now looks ahead to October, a month best known for stock market crashes in 1929, 1987 and 2008. Overall, however, October is a relatively solid month, ranking in the middle of the pack in terms of average monthly performance over long periods of time. The good news is the October through December period is among the most bullish three-month stretches for the stock market, historical data show.
There will be no shortage of potentially market-moving events in October, according to Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices. Here’s a list of potential “October Future Shocks” outlined by Silverblatt:
October Future Shocks:
Oct. 3:         September employment report
Oct. 8:         Fed minutes from the September 16-17 meeting
Oct. 8          Alcoa opens the third-quarter profit eporting after the closing bell.
Oct. 19:       1987 stock market crash anniversary; worst one-day fall ever for S&P 500, off 20.47%
Oct. 28-29: Fed two-day policy meeting
Oct. 30       First read on third-quarter GDP
 

http://usat.ly/ZpvSCEFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Top 20 vehicles for getting tickets
The Subaru WRX is the most-ticketed car in the U.S. by percentage of owners pulled over, U.S., according to a study Insurance.com released today. More than one out of every three WRX drivers — 33.6% — reports
Post to Facebook
Top 20 vehicles for getting tickets The Subaru WRX is the most-ticketed car in the U.S. by percentage of owners pulled over, U.S., according to a study Insurance.com released today. More than one out of every three WRX drivers — 33.6% — reports Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vv7sTM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
36
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Top 20 vehicles for getting tickets
Zlati Meyer and Fred Meier, Detroit Free Press and USA TODAY 8:35 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
Insurance.com rated the Top 20 vehicles for getting tickets, based on percentage of owners recently getting traffic citations. No. 1 ticket bait: Subaru Impreza WRX at 33.6% (2012 STI shown here). 
(Photo: None Subaru)
No. 2: Pontiac GTO at 32.7%.(2004 shown here). 
(Photo: GM)
No.3: Scion FR-S at 32.6% (2013 shown here). 
(Photo: Toyota)
No. 4: Toyota Supra at 30.8% (1994 Turbo shown here). 
(Photo: Toyota)
No. 5: Subaru Tribeca at 29.7% (2006 B9 shown here). 
(Photo: Subaru)
No. 6: Volkswagen Rabbit at 29.6% (2007 shown here). 
(Photo: Volkswagen)
No. 7: Mercury Topaz at 28.8% (1992-94 shown here). 
(Photo: Bull Doser via Wikipedia)
No. 8: Scion tC coupe at 28.8% (2014 shown here). 
(Photo: Robert Deutsch USAT)
No. 9: Toyota FJ at 28.4% (2009 shown here). 
(Photo: None Toyota)
No. 10 Mazda2 at 28.1% (2011 shown here). 
(Photo: Guy Spangenberg, Mazda)
No. 11: The Hyundai Veloster (2014 here). 
(Photo: Evan Sears, Cars.com)
No. 12" Volkswagen GTI at 28.1% (2014 shown here). 
(Photo: Robert Deutsch USAT)
No. 13: Suzuki Reno at 28.1% (2005 shown here). 
(Photo: Suzuki)
No. 14: Scion xA at 27.8% (2013 shown here). 
(Photo: TOYOTA)
No. 15: Pontiac G8 at 27.7% (2009 GXP shown here). 
(Photo: GM)
No. 16: Mini Cooper Countryman at 27.5% (2011 shown here). 
(Photo: Mini)
No. 17: The Mitsubishi 3000GT (1995 here). 
(Photo: Adolphus79 vis Wikipedia)
No. 18: Saturn Aura at 27.1% (2007 shown here). 
(Photo: AP)
No. 19: Infiniti QX80 at 27.1% (2015 shown here). 
(Photo: Nissan)
No. 20: Toyota Prius C at 27.0% (2012 shown here). 
(Photo: Toyota)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Modi  Obama create new agenda | Politics helps break ice between Modi  ObamaBarack Obama
(There was "great convergence"…)
WASHINGTON DC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama sought to reset ties between India and the United States as both leaders had an extended discussion in the White House on Tuesday, resolving to broaden their cooperation in various fields including defence, intelligence, counter-terrorism, Afghanistan, space exploration and science.
Jointly signed piece in Washington Post
There was "great convergence" between the two sides on peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific, Modi said in comments made shortly after the talks ended. He said the US was an integral part of India's Look East, Link West policy.
"It is natural for India and US to have a strategic relationship," Modi said. "We already have the foundation for a strong partnership and now we have to revive momentum between the two countries."
The two leaders also discussed thornier issues, with Modi saying that he had made the point that India supports trade facilitation at the WTO, but expects the country's concerns on food security to be addressed. He also pushed for easier access to the US market for Indian service companies.
India wants to resolve hurdles in the way of the civil nuclear agreement as this was important for the country's energy security, Modi said.
President Obama said there was much common ground between the two nations and that they had agreed to cooperate on tackling issues such as the Ebola outbreak, for which India has pledged $12 million.
"We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism," Obama said. "We discussed trade and how we can work with each other and decided to deepen our existing ties with India."
Modi said he was inspired by the extraordinary interest in India in the US and said that "we will draw strength and inspiration from this." He also invited US defence companies to come to India as part of his bid to boost investment.
"The president and I spoke about many of the reforms we are undertaking and the focus on making it easy to do business in India," Modi said. "I expect business and economic ties between the two countries would grow at a great pace."
Modi also said that he had invited President Obama and his family to visit India. After their meeting that went on for over two hours, the two leaders went together to the Martin Luther King Memorial. Following this, Modi attended a lunch hosted by Vice President Joe Biden. A joint statement by the two governments was expected to be released later.
Earlier, the two leaders said it was time "to set a new agenda, one that realises concrete benefits for our citizens" in a jointly signed piece in the Washington Post that was published Tuesday morning.
"This will be an agenda that enables us to find mutually rewarding ways to expand our collaboration in trade, investment and technology that harmonise with India's ambitious development agenda, while sustaining the United States as the global engine of growth," they wrote. "As global partners, we are committed to enhancing our homeland security by sharing intelligence, through counterterrorism and law-enforcement cooperation, while we jointly work to maintain freedom of navigation and lawful commerce across the seas."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Unified fin regulator plan on despite Rajan ...You are here: Home > Collections
Unified financial regulator plan on despite Raghuram Rajan's criticism
ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 07.13AM IST
Tags:
Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission
(Rajan had termed the panel’s…)
NEW DELHI: The finance ministry has set up four task forces to draw up the roadmap for creation of a unified financial sector regulator as recommended by the Justice BN Srikrishnaheaded Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC), brushing aside Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan's very public criticism of the proposals.
North Block has also formed similar task forces for the creation of a Public Debt Management Agency, a Resolution Corporation and a Financial Data Management Centre in line with the government's intent to pursue aggressive financial sector reforms .
Rajan had termed the panel's recommendations, particularly in relation to regulatory functions, as "schizophrenic" and argued that implementing them could turn the regulator into a "paper tiger", days ahead of the government's first budget that clearly committed to the FSLRC suggestions.
"As recommended by the FSLRC, the government has set up task forces to lay the roadmap for the upgradation of existing agencies and establishment of new agencies namely FSAT (Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal), RC, PDMA and FDMC," a finance ministry statement said here on Tuesday. The Srikrishnaheaded FSLRC had proposed sweeping changes to financial sector regulation and a draft Indian Financial Code to replace multiple and archaic financial sectors laws.
Justice NKSodhi will chair the task force that will prepare the groundwork for creation of the FSAT in line with the proposed Indian Financial Code. Incidentally, this task force does not have any representative from the central bank though it will have an invitee from market regulator Securities & Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
The task force will review the present functioning of the Securities Appellate Tribunal, develop organisation design, work out a financial plan and draw up a transition blueprint for switching over to new framework.
Former Sebi chairman M Damodaran will head the task force for the creation of the Resolution Corporation. RBI ex-deputy governor Subir Gokarn will head the task force on the Financial Data Management Centre that will be a repository of all financial data and will reduce cost of compliance for all financial firms.
Former PFRDA chairman D Swarup will head the task force on Public Debt Management agency that will manage government borrowings.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Netflix Takes Aim at the Theatrical WindowAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

UP: Trains collide near Gorakhpur  12 dead  45 injured46
0
Gorakhpur: At least 12 people killed and 45 others were injured when two speeding passenger trains collided near Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh late Tuesday night, a railway official said.
The Krishak Express and Lucknow Barauni Express collided at the Gorakhpur Cantt Station late Tuesday night. According to Railway authorities, the death toll is likely to go up.
The accident was caused due to overshooting of a train signal. Railway authorities said that prima facie it appears that the driver of the Krishak Express was at fault and has been suspended.
#uttar pradesh #gorakhpur #train collision #krishak express
The two trains collided head on and the impact was such that it left four coaches damaged. Chief Public Relations Officer Alok Singh said that three coaches of Barauni Express were thrown off the track following the collision.
Railway Board Chairman Arunendra Kumar said, "The medical team is on the spot. The evacuation procedure is started. The reason will take some time to appear."
While the Krishak Express was going towards Gorakhpur from Varanasi, the Lucknow Barauni Express was going from Gorakhpur to Varanasi. The route currently stands disrupted affecting rail traffic.
Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda has expressed "profound grief" over the loss of lives and announced compensation for the victims.
Gowda said, "I feel sorry for the accident. As of now I have learnt that the loco pilot has passed the signal and thereby the incident has occurred."
Railways will provide Rs 2 lakh to the families of dead, Rs 1 lakh to those who were seriously injured and Rs 25,000 to those who have minor injuries.
One of the passengers said, "I was on the train. There was a collision. A coach of the Lucknow Barauni Express upturned. Many people have died."
The railway has also set up helpline for inquiries for various cities -- Gorakhpur (05513303365, 09794846980), Lucknow (05222233042), Chhapra (09006693233) and Benares (09919041978), the spokesperson said.
(With additional information from PTI)
The Hon'ble Minister for Railways, Shri @DVSBJP has expressed profound grief over the loss of innocent lives. (1/4) #IndianRailways
— Ministry of Railways (@RailMinIndia) October 1, 2014
He has announced enhanced ex-gratia of Rs. 2 lakh for dead, Rs.1 lakh for grievous injured ... (2/4) #IndianRailways
— Ministry of Railways (@RailMinIndia) October 1, 2014
... & Rs. 20,000 for simple injuries for accident on LJN Divison of North East Railway on September 30, 2014 ...(3/4) #IndianRailways
— Ministry of Railways (@RailMinIndia) October 1, 2014
... due to collision between train no 15204 & 15007. He has also directed to provide best treatment to injured people. (4/4) #IndianRailways
— Ministry of Railways (@RailMinIndia) October 1, 2014
175

Don t wait to be told your credit and debit card data got hacked1
The New York Times reported in mid-September that JPMorgan Chase, which notified some website users in early August that login and password information had been compromised, was still trying to assess just how vulnerable hackers had made it — not just now, but going forward.
According to an April report from Internet software, storage and security firm Symantec, the number of digital security breaches has been growing by leaps and bounds in recent years, with the number of incidents in 2013 up 62 percent from 2012.
But, perhaps more worrisome, Symantec estimated that while 232 million identities were exposed through breaches in 2011, the figure swelled to 552 million in 2013. That's a lot of credit card information, private records and passwords at risk.
Some believe there needs to be something akin to the National Transportation Safety Board to investigate these incidents the way the NTSB does plane crashes. The investigation would determine what went wrong and what needs to be done to ensure it doesn't happen again.
But Congress isn't keen on, you know, doing things lately, and it's not the only group dragging its feet. Our vulnerability is also the result of the United States lagging behind much of the world in adopting a more secure kind of credit card.
While merchants and banks here bickered over who would absorb the costs, we've continued swiping old-fashioned cards with magnetic strips instead of embracing the so-called chip-and-PIN (personal identification number) technology that would be harder to hack. Fortunately, this is supposed to change by the end of next year, if all goes according to plan.
Third-party payment systems tout the security of their transactions, but greater adoption surely would make them more inviting targets. It probably wouldn't hurt to use cash in more transactions.
No matter how easy or hard we make it for cybercriminals at home and abroad to pick our cyberpockets online or at point of sale, though, they're often coming after us for the simple reason it's worth their while.
"The odds are against the American consumer," said Kresse, who likes to call himself "Professor Fraud." "It's a numbers game. We have wonderful IT professionals … and they're working day and night to keep their systems secure and keep the bad guys out. But they're up against hundreds of thousands working on … separating us from our money.
"I like to say fraud never sleeps because, when you're asleep in Chicago, there's someone on the other side of the globe who's been trained in academies and schools … who is trying to get into your system."
Capital One, which for a time featured ads with marauding Vikings for comic effect, continues to tout the tag line, "What's in your wallet?"
Whatever your response, it's safest to assume in this day and age that plenty of other people may know too — right down to the date of birth on your license.
Even if you don't see the marauders, smart money says to act as though they're out there.

PM Modis CEO diplomacy to set cash register ringing | CoverageNarendra Modi
(While several American…)
NEW YORK | WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's breakfast diplomacy with 17 top US CEOs, presiding over ten trillion dollars in assets or revenues, would soon set the cash registers ringing at India's FDI front-desk.
Laurence D Fink, CEO at one of the world's largest investment management firms, BlackRock which oversees $4.32 trillion in assets, assured the prime minister that the firm could facilitate investments worth over $6 billion into the country by early next year. One of the CEOs who met the PM minutes before Fink, told Modi that his firm is looking to invest over half a billion dollars 'in a short while' to set up a big manufacturing facility in India for injectable drugs.
Some of the chief executives talked at length about wanting to invest in India's food chain and agriculture-related sectors, according to officials present at the meeting while others were eager to invest in infrastructure and energy and sought clarity from the PM on the way forward after the Supreme Court's judgement on coal block allocations.
"The general sentiment was that India is back on CEOs' global investment radar, they had dusted off their India dossiers and done their homework before meeting the PM and discussing specific concerns," said Ajay Banga, president and CEO of Mastercard, who attended the breakfast meeting along with the likes of PepsiCo chief Indra Nooyi and Citibank chief executive Michael Corbat.
While the PM met top bosses from 11 large Fortune 500 firms over the breakfast meet (where he himself didn't eat owing to his Navratra fast) on Monday, he met Fink and other large investors like KKR and Goldman Sachs in one-on-one meetings that lasted 20 to 25 minutes each.
"The responses of most of those present were very enthusiastic. One of the CEOs said that India was a different place at 6 am the day following the election results and there is a great desire now to participate in India's growth," said the official spokesperson for the foreign ministry.
"There were others who said they wanted accelerated engagement in India and some said that they had capacities to create wealth from waste in areas like energy and solid waste," the spokesperson said.
BlackRock offered to work with the Indian government and host a major investment conference in India early next year to be attended by major investors from all across the globe, which is likely to become an annual affair.
"BlackRock (CEO) told the PM that based on their experience of similar conferences in the past, the first effort would yield investment opportunities of something in the vicinity of $6 billion, if they worked towards it over the next few months," the spokesperson said.
While several CEOs raised concerns about specific issues that worry them about investing in the country, the PM's articulate and sharp responses on those allayed most of those, said Banga.
On their biggest concern of India's unpredictable tax regime, the PM assured CEOs that he was committed to a stable tax regime and it was his conviction that this was necessary for investments to flow.
Pharma sector CEOs such as Merck's Kenneth Frazier and Hospira's Michael Ball are learnt to have flagged their apprehensions about India's intellectual property regime. While responding to their specific worries, the PM raised the discussion to a whole new level, according to Banga.
"I understand that you want to be compensated for your investments in R&D. At the same time, India needs medicines that are affordable for its population," the PM is understood to have said, stressing that this is not just about India but the entire world that is grappling with new diseases. "Mankind needs continuous research and development of new drugs for a higher quality of life.
You need to be able to devote the right energy to that, not just by changing the formulation of a drug to sustain a patent, but by inventing things that make a difference to mankind," Modi told them.
The foreign ministry spokesperson said that the PM also set to rest worries about India's energy sector expressed by some prospective investors, especially in the light of the Supreme Court verdict to scrap all allocations made in the past two decades.
FEATURED ARTICLES

This app is helping Hong Kong protesters organize without a cell networkThis app is helping Hong Kong protesters organize without a cell network
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 30, 2014: 11:05 PM ET
 
Meet the man connecting Hong Kong protesters
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Anyone who has ever been to a big sporting event or a stadium concert knows that large crowds can quickly overwhelm local cell towers, making communication pretty much impossible.
Pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong -- who need functioning phones to organize -- appear to have found a solution to this problem.
More than 100,000 people in Hong Kong downloaded an app called FireChat in a recent 24-hour period. The app allows protesters to keep chatting, even when their phones lose mobile network connectivity.
FireChat works by connecting users in a daisy chain, or mesh network, via Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. No mobile network is required, and users can choose to remain anonymous.
"With FireChat, it's completely decentralized," said Micha Benoliel, CEO of Open Garden, the app's developer. "And that means you can get connectivity from the people and devices around you -- directly."
Related: Hong Kong protesters willing to pay economic price
The benefits of FireChat have caught the attention of demonstration organizers, many of whom are encouraging protesters to download the app.
"Before you go near the government headquarters, please go to the App Store and download FireChat," Joshua Wong, the 17-year-old leader of a student protest group , urged supporters on Facebook. "Use this app to broadcast our situation to the outside world."
Photo essay: Police use tear gas as 'Occupy' comes to Hong Kong
Benoliel, who was in Hong Kong as protests escalated over the weekend, said the protesters were well prepared and well organized, and had anticipated that large crowds would complicate communication.
"They knew that at some point the cellular networks would be shut down or would just be overloaded by a number of people gathering in the same place, so they know that Firechat is a way to remain connected and communicate," Benoliel said.
While Benoliel said that FireChat was not designed specifically with protest movements in mind, it does seem to be catching on at demonstrations. In Taiwan, "Sunflower Movement" protesters also used the app earlier this year as they protested closer ties with Beijing.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 11:05 PM ET
Most Popular

 Asian Shares Slip; Hong Kong Unrest EyedYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Slip, Dollar Near Highs; Hong Kong Unrest Eyed
Reuters | Updated On: October 01, 2014 07:26 (IST)
Asia Stocks Jump As China, Europe Step Up Stimulus
Tokyo:
Asian shares got off on the back foot on Wednesday as continued civil unrest in Hong Kong sapped confidence, while the dollar index was in sight of a four-year high after marking its best quarterly gain in six years.
Trading in Asia was expected to be more subdued than usual, with China closed for National Day and investors warily monitoring developments in Hong Kong's pro-democracy unrest, as thousands of protesters stepped up pressure on the city's pro-Beijing government.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.4 per cent, while Japan's Nikkei stock average fell 0.2 per cent. Japan's benchmark rose 4.9 per cent in September, the biggest monthly rise since last November.
The Bank of Japan's closely watched tankan survey of business sentiment released before the market opened showed big manufacturers' confidence improved slightly in the latest quarter, but service-sector sentiment worsened, adding to evidence that a sales tax hike continues to weigh on the economy.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of rival currencies, touched a four-year high of 86.218, and last stood at 85.939.
The euro skidded as low as $1.2571 on Tuesday after data showed cooling euro zone inflation, the culmination of a dismal month in which the currency slipped 3.82 per cent - its biggest decline in over two years. It was last steady on the day at $1.2629.
"The EUR/USD gapped lower by a big figure, falling toward 1.2570, before finding support and partially rebounding to 1.2630 this morning," said David de Garis, senior economist at National Australia Bank.
Data on Tuesday showed annual inflation cooled to 0.3 per cent last month, well below the European Central Bank's target of just under 2 per cent, increasing speculation the bank will take more easing steps.
The dollar added about 0.1 per cent against the yen to 109.67, after rising to a six-year high of 109.86 yen on Tuesday.
Oil crawled off overnight lows but remained pressured by the dollar's momentum. World oil prices tumbled to their lowest in more than two years, with US crude posting its biggest daily decline since 2012.
Brent crude added about 0.2 per cent on the day to $94.82 a barrel, after marking a 16 per cent loss for the quarter, the biggest in two years. US crude added about 0.2 per cent to $91.34 a barrel after shedding 12 per cent for the quarter, also its biggest quarterly loss in two years.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Super Six intraday picks for the dayOct 01, 2014, 08.16 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Super Six intraday picks for the day
Aditya Agarwal of Way2Wealth Securities advises selling Axis Bank with a target of Rs 360 and buying Dish TV India with a target of Rs 56.50.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Super Six intraday picks for the day
Aditya Agarwal of Way2Wealth Securities advises selling Axis Bank with a target of Rs 360 and buying Dish TV India with a target of Rs 56.50.
Post your opinion here
Excerpts from Bazaar on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
On CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Meghana V Malkan, Manas Jaiswal and Aditya Agarwal share, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Meghana V Malkan of malkansview.com
Sell  Tata Motors with a stoploss at Rs 512 and target of Rs 490-485
Sell  UPL with a stoploss at Rs 350 and target of Rs 331-326
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com
Sell  Reliance Capital with a stoploss at Rs 465 and target of Rs 435
Sell  Tata Motors with a stoploss at Rs 510 and target of Rs 480
Aditya Agarwal of Way2Wealth Securities
Sell  Axis Bank with a stoploss at Rs 392 and target of Rs 360
Buy  Dish TV India with a stoploss at Rs 53 and target of Rs 56.50
RELATED NEWS

Indian ADRs: Tata Motors  ICICI Bank  Wipro upOct 01, 2014, 08.16 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian ADRs: Tata Motors, ICICI Bank, Wipro up
Indian ADRs ended mostly higher on Tuesday. ICICI Bank added 0.12 percent and Dr Reddy's Laboratories added 0.19 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian ADRs: Tata Motors, ICICI Bank, Wipro up
Indian ADRs ended mostly higher on Tuesday. ICICI Bank added 0.12 percent and Dr Reddy's Laboratories added 0.19 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian ADRs ended mostly higher on Tuesday. In the IT space, Infosys was down 0.05 percent at USD 60.49 and Wipro rose 1.42 percent at USD 12.16.
In the banking space, ICICI Bank added 0.12 percent at USD 49.10 and HDFC Bank was down 0.36 percent at USD 46.58.
In the other sectors, Tata Motors jumped 0.41 percent at USD 43.71 and Dr Reddy's Laboratories added 0.19 percent at USD 52.55.
 

Dollar hits four-year high  poised for best quarter in six yearsDollar hits four-year high  poised for best quarter in six years
Bull s Eye: Buy VIP Industries  Idea  HPCL; short PTC IndiaOct 01, 2014, 08.56 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Bull's Eye: Buy VIP Industries, Idea, HPCL; short PTC India
Market Expert, Sharmila Joshi advises buying VIP Industries for a target price of Rs 113 and Finolex Industries for a target price of Rs 334.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bull's Eye: Buy VIP Industries, Idea, HPCL; short PTC India
Market Expert, Sharmila Joshi advises buying VIP Industries for a target price of Rs 113 and Finolex Industries for a target price of Rs 334.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
Bull's Eye, CNBC-TV18's popular game show, where market experts come together to dish out trading strategies for you to make your week more exciting and compete with each other to see whose portfolio is the strongest.
On Bull's Eye this week - Sharmila Joshi, Shahina Mukadam and Krish Subramanyam are battling it out for the strongest portfolio. Let’s hear out their picks for today.
Market Expert, Sharmila Joshi
Buy  VIP Industries for a target price of Rs 113 and keep a stoploss at Rs 108
Buy  Finolex Industries for a target price of Rs 334 and keep a stoploss at Rs 323
Buy  DCB Bank for a target price of Rs 87 and keep a stoploss at Rs 83
Buy  Titan Company for a target price of Rs 417 and keep a stoploss at Rs 403
Disclosure: She holds Finolex. Stocks discussed may have been recommended to clients.
Shahina Mukadam, Varun Capital
Buy  Idea Cellular for a target price of Rs 172 and keep a stoploss at Rs 162
Buy  Zee Entertainment for a target price of Rs 319 and keep a stoploss at Rs 304
Short  Bank of India for a target price of Rs 227 and keep a stoploss at Rs 240
Disclosure: She holds Zee Entertainment and Idea Cellular. Stocks discussed may have been recommended to clients.
Krish Subramanyam, Asit C Mehta Investment Intermediattes
Buy  HPCL for a target price of Rs 495 and keep a stoploss at Rs 472
Buy  Coromandel International for a target price of Rs 316 and keep a stoploss at Rs 299
Short  PTC India for a target price of Rs 82 and keep a stoploss at Rs 88
Short  India Cements for a target price of Rs 108 and keep a stoploss at Rs 115.50
Disclosure: He doesn't hold any stocks discussed but may have recommended them to clients.
RELATED NEWS

Venus Power Ventures: Outcome of AGMOct 01, 2014, 08.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Venus Power Ventures: Outcome of AGM
Venus Power Ventures (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Venus Power Ventures: Outcome of AGM
Venus Power Ventures (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Venus Power Ventures (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Narendra Properties: Outcome of AGMOct 01, 2014, 08.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Narendra Properties: Outcome of AGM
Narendra Properties Ltd has informed BSE that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Narendra Properties: Outcome of AGM
Narendra Properties Ltd has informed BSE that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Narendra Properties Ltd has informed BSE that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 30, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

US favours India s entry into elite nuclear clubsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pre-Market: Five stocks to watch in today s tradePre-Market: Five stocks to watch in today's trade
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 08:39 AM IST
The markets are likely to open on a flat to negative note on account of weak global cues. Early indicator, SGX Nifty was down 10 points at 7,978.
 
Benchmark indices are likely to continue to trade in a very tight range ahead of the market holiday.
The trend deciding level for the day is 26,654 / 7,973 levels. If Nifty trades above this level during the first half-an-hour of trade then we may witness a further rally up to 26,827 – 27,024 / 8,023 – 8,080 levels notes an Angel Broking report.
Global Markets
Asian shares got off on the back foot on Wednesday as continued civil unrest in Hong Kong sapped confidence, while the dollar index was in sight of a four-year high after marking its best quarterly gain in six years.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.4%, while Japan's Nikkei stock average fell 0.2%. Japan's benchmark rose 4.9% in September, the biggest monthly rise since last November.
US stocks slipped on Tuesday, dragged down by energy and materials shares as economic data disappointed.
Major indexes also posted losses for the month, but ended the quarter with gains.
US consumer confidence fell in September for the first time in five months and home prices in July rose less than expected from a year earlier, underscoring the unsteady nature of U.S. growth. Analysts are skeptical of how many more gains are in store for the market this year.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.17%, to 17,043, the S&P 500 lost 0.28%, to 1,972 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.28%, to 4,493.
Stocks to Watch
Maruti Suzuki: Company will recall 69,555 units of the Dzire, Swift and Ritz models manufactured between March 2010 and August 2013 to repair wiring harness fitment.
IVRCL: Rs 4,000 crore assets for sale to reduce debt burden over the next two years.
JSW Steel:  Announced a cut in the prices of steel products for the month of October.
Reliance Power: Plans to invest nearly Rs 50,000 crore in the next five years to undertake expansion projects
Oil marketing companies: Companies like IOC, HPCL, BPCL have cut petrol prices by 65 paise per litre due to fall in international oil prices.

Delhi Metro ranked second best Metro system globallyDelhi Metro ranked second best Metro system globally
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 29, 2014  | 10:48 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
Notwithstanding frequent glitches and overcrowding, the Delhi Metro has emerged as the second most popular Metro network in the world; ahead of Paris, Madrid, Hong Kong, Singapore and others.
An online survey on customer satisfaction has put the Delhi Metro among the top three Metro networks along with those in London and Bangkok.
The survey was conducted by Global Metro Benchmarking Groups NOVA and CoMET to access overall customer satisfaction across 18 international Metro systems.
More than 41,000 respondents from around the world gave their feedback in this survey, links of which were widely distributed through the Internet from April 28 to May 25.
The Metro systems that participated in this survey were the Delhi Metro, Hong Kong MTR, London Underground, Metro De Madrid, Paris RATP, Metro De Sandiago, Singapore SMRT, Barcelona TMB, Brussels STIB, Bangkok BMCL, London DLR, Istanbul Ulasim, Kuala Lumpur Rapid PL, Metropolitano De Lisboa, Montreal STM, Newcastle Nexus, Metro Rio and Toronto TTC.
According to the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation, the respondents gave most priority to 'availability' of the Delhi Metro, while 'reliability' was the key factor in New Castle and Hong Kong.
"The survey was conducted as per the European Norm 13816 and the areas covered were availability, accessibility, information, reliability, customer care, comfort, crowding, and security," Delhi Metro spokesperson Anuj Dayal said.

Rupee plummets to 7 month low  down 38 paise to end at 61.53 vs USDUpdated: September 29, 2014 23:01 IST
Rupee plummets to 7 month low, down 38 paise to end at 61.53 vs USD
PTI
economy, business and finance
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.35 a dollar from previous close of 61.15.
The Indian rupee today tanked 38 paise to log nearly 7-month closing low of 61.53 against the Greenback following dollar demand from importers and some weakness in stocks ahead of the RBI policy review.
Sustained capital outflows also kept the rupee under pressure while some weakness in dollar overseas, which was trading down by 0.14 per cent against its major global rivals, was not able to stem the rupee fall, a forex dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.35 a dollar from previous close of 61.15. It immediately touched a high of 61.31 on initial firmness in local equities.
Later, it fell back sharply to a low of 61.59 before concluding at 61.53, showing a fall of 38 paise or 0.62 per cent. This is its weakest level since March 5, 2014 when it closed at 61.75.
Last Friday, the rupee rose by 19 paise or 0.31 per cent.
In other Asian currencies, the dollar appreciated as well. The Japanese yen headed towards the 110 mark after US data showed the economy expanded at its fastest pace since 2011 during the April-June quarter.
The Indian equity benchmark Sensex on Monday eased by 29.21 points, or 0.11 per cent. FIIs had pulled out USD 39.95 million last Friday as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group said: “To start the week, rupee depreciated over half a per cent during the day. It took cues from dollar which is trading strong. Also, the increased month-end dollar demand from oil importers forced rupee to trade low.
“Now all eyes are on the RBI policy review on Tuesday which will show the road ahead for the USD/INR pair. The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 61.00 to 62.00.”

Exports to get boost with new foreign trade policyExports to get boost with new foreign trade policy
SPS Pannu     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 10:57 IST
Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has already indicated that the foreign trade policy will be completely different from the previous policy but she has not divulged any details
The government's new foreign trade policy (2014-19) to rev up exports is expected to be put in place by October-end and will have a strong thrust on manufacturing to bring it in sync with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' goal.
According to sources, discussions are still on between the finance ministry and the commerce ministry over the tax concessions that are required to give exports a fillip, especially in the special export zones (SEZs) which have been fading out.
A senior finance ministry official told Mail Today that several rounds of discussions have been held with the commerce ministry on the matter. "We have flagged some issues which we want the commerce ministry to address but they still have not got back to us," he added.
The finance ministry has expressed the view that the contraction in exports has not taken place merely because of the minimum alternate tax on SEZs or the dividend distribution tax on export units but also due to the global recession, which led to the slump in demand for Indian goods and services.
However, the finance ministry realizes that there is a need to give exports a fillip.
Revenue secretary Shaktikanta Das played down the controversy saying, "it is not an issue of the revenue department versus the commerce department."
"Both the departments are wings of the same government and insofar as SEZs provide an investment platform they have to be encouraged," he added.
Das said the revenue department was also working on fast tracking customs clearances for exporters and bringing all dealings online to cut transaction costs. "There will eventually be seamless online data movement between SEZs and the customs department," he explained.
According to senior Indian Revenue Service officials, the minimum alternate tax (MAT) was imposed on SEZs because they were not reporting revenue correctly. There were also cases of export units selling goods in the domestic market and passing these off as exports to get incentives.
Instances of smuggling had also been detected in some jewelry export units but the commissioners of the SEZs did not allow these cases to be booked under the more stringent customs act and preferred the SEZ Act instead.
However, there is also a realization that the entire sector should not suffer because of a few black sheep, a senior official said. According to senior officials several schemes such as the market linked incentive scheme which was introduced to offset the inherent disadvantage for exporters in emerging markets of Africa, Latin America, Oceania and CIS and Star Trading House Incentive Scheme based on value of exports will be scrapped. Instead more incentives will be given to the export of manufactured goods and project exports.
TROUBLED TAX REGIME
>> Under the special export zones (SEZs) Act, units were to get 100 per cent tax exemption on profits earned for the first five years
>> The Government later imposed a Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT) of 18.5 per cent on the book profits of SEZ developers and units with effect from April 2012 >> The concept of MAT was introduced in 1987 to enable the government to raise revenue from companies that paid no tax or very little tax
>> SEZs contribute to about 25 per cent of the country's total exports. However, SEZ projects are being surrendered as imposition of taxes has eliminated the incentives
>> Of the 566 SEZs formally approved, only 185 are in operation

Pfizer  Abbott absence at PM breakfast meeting gets noticedE Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 11:42 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Two of the top 10 US pharmaceutical giants in India by their India business sales - Abbott and Pfizer - did not figure in the guest list for the breakfast meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the US on September 29.
Abbott is the top pharma company by sales in India and Pfizer is the 10th largest, according to AIOCD-AWACS, which ranks drug companies based on their tablet or capsule sales in India. Pfizer is one of the largest globally by revenues also.
More importantly, Pfizer is seen as a company that has serious concerns with the Indian intellectual property policy. A case in point is a statement made by Roy F. Waldron, Chief Intellectual Property Counsel, Pfizer Inc., in March 2013 before a US Congress Committee on Ways and Means. "Experience accumulated after India began granting product patents in 2005 shows it has routinely flouted trade rules to bolster the Indian generic industry at the expense of innovators," he had said.
Waldron had further said: "The Government of India has essentially created a protectionist regime that harms US job creators. The harm is evident in pharmaceuticals where the United States has welcomed Indian generic companies while India is closing its borders to US innovators. Correcting India's protectionist intellectual property regime will require firm leadership by the United States in international organizations and in India."
Among the companies invited for Modi's meeting were Merck and Hospira. While both are major players globally, they are not leading in the Indian market. According to the AIOCD-AWACS ranking, Merck stands at 33rd in India.
Without wanting to comment on those not included and their concerns, D.G. Shah, Secretary General of the Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (IPA) said: "Only a sober face of US branded pharma was invited to the breakfast meeting."
Others feel the opportunity that a meeting like this provided could have been better leveraged by both Indian government as well as by leading US pharma majors.
"There should have been more efforts by both the Indian side to reach out to leading pharma companies like Pfizer to address their concerns and the leading global MNCs could have also tried to reach out to the Indian prime minister to bring their concerns to his notice," says Kewal Handa, former managing director of Pfizer India, who now runs health-care advisory firm Salus Lifecare.

Want to cut undue volatility in Re  says RaghuramI want to reduce undue volatility in rupee: Raghuram Rajan
By Reuters | 30 Sep, 2014, 12.23PM IST
0
Share More
He added such a policy would mean that the central would typically intervene on both sides of the exchange rate.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India is not focussed on any particular level of exchange rate, but wants to reduce undue volatility, Governor Raghuram Rajan said after the policy review on Tuesday.
He added such a policy would mean that the central would typically intervene on both sides of the exchange rate.
The rupee has risen in recent months and in the process has maintained its parity with the dollar seen at the beginning of the year, Rajan told reporters in Mumbai.
The rupee has gained 1.89 percent against the dollar in the month to date and 2.93 percent in the past six months, as per Thomson Reuters data.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Hong Kong leader says Beijing won t back downStudent activists sleep in the shade of umbrellas, on a road near the government headquarters where pro-democracy activists have gathered and made camp, Tuesday, Sept. 30, 2014, in Hong Kong. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Hong Kong | Posted: September 30, 2014 2:55 pm
Hong Kong’s leader said China won’t back down from its decision to limit voting reforms in the Asian financial hub as pro-democracy protesters set a Wednesday deadline for a response from the government to meet their demands.
The unequivocal statement from Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying on Tuesday dashed hopes that the standoff between demonstrators and authorities could be resolved quickly through negotiations. It does not come as a surprise given that showing a willingness to talk would have made the Chinese leadership appear weak, which could embolden dissidents, critics and separatists on the mainland.
As the student-led protests that have snarled traffic and disrupted public transport entered a fifth day, Leung urged demonstrators to show consideration toward other residents and stop the unprecedented show of civil disobedience.
Leung, a Beijing appointee who is deeply mistrusted by Hong Kongers, also said that mainland communist leaders would not reverse their stance requiring a pro-Beijing panel screen candidates in the territory’s first direct elections, scheduled for 2017, adding he wouldn’t resign before then.
“The central government will not rescind its decision,” Leung said. The protesters don’t want nominees to be screened, and see the central government reneging on a promise that the chief executive would eventually be chosen through “universal suffrage.”
A brief statement from the Occupy Central civil disobedience movement said it had set an Oct. 1 deadline for Leung to meet their demands and step down. The group said on Twitter it would “announce new civil disobedience plans same day,” without elaborating.
Student leaders, who have played a big role in rallying the young people who’ve made up the majority of the protesters, planned to make their own announcement Tuesday about further plans and demands.
Even larger crowds are expected to flood the streets Wednesday, China’s National Day holiday. The government said it was canceling a fireworks display to mark the day.
One day after police shocked the city by firing tear gas at the crowds, the protesters passed a peaceful night Monday singing as they blocked streets in several parts of Hong Kong. They also staged a brief “mobile light” vigil, waving their glowing cell phones as the protests stretched into their fourth day. Crowds chanted calls for Leung to resign, and sang anthems calling for freedom.
Police arrested a man who drove his Mercedes-Benz through a crowd of protesters occupying a street in the densely populated Kowloon neighborhood of Mong Kok. Local television footage showed people scrambling as the car sped through the crowd while honking just before 2 a.m. Tuesday. No one was injured.
Thousands of people, many of them high school or college students doing their homework, gathered on a six-lane highway next to the local government headquarters ahead of the student leaders’ announcement.
Still, the movement seemed to be taking on a life of continued…

Be a source of energy for others: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadellas lesson for the youth of IndiaHome
Tech
Be a source of energy for others: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella’s lesson for the youth of India
Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 30 2014, 19:51  IST
Sep 30 2014, 19:51  IST
 

Obama hails signing of BSA with Afghanistan as  historicPrint
Afghanistan's national security adviser Mohmmad Hanif Atmar, second right, and U.S. Ambassador James Cunningham, second left, exchange documents of the Bilateral Security Agreement at a signing ceremony as Afghanistan's President Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai, center right, and Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah, center left, watch, at the presidential palace in Kabul, Afghanistan, Tuesday, Sept. 30, 2014. (AP Photo)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:20 pm
Terming the signing of a much-delayed bilateral security agreement between Afghanistan and the US as ‘historic’, President Barack Obama Tuesday said it would help target the remnants of al-Qaeda in the war-torn country.
“Today we mark an historic day in the US-Afghan partnership that will help advance our shared interests and the long-term security of Afghanistan,” Obama said in a statement.
“This agreement represents an invitation from the Afghan government to strengthen the relationship we have built over the past 13 years and provides our military service members the necessary legal framework to carry out two critical missions after 2014: targeting the remnants of al-Qaeda and training, advising, and assisting Afghan National Security Forces,” he said.
The signing of the BSA also reflects the implementation of the Strategic Partnership Agreement the two governments signed in May 2012, he noted.
Earlier today, Afghan and NATO officials also signed the NATO Status of Forces Agreement, giving forces from Allied and partner countries the legal protections necessary to carry out the NATO Resolute Support mission when ISAF comes to an end later this year.
“These agreements follow an historic Afghan election in which the Afghan people exercised their right to vote and ushered in the first peaceful democratic transfer of power in their nation’s history,” he said.
Hamid Karzai, who stepped down as president yesterday, had refused to sign the BSA, indicating the deteriorating Afghan-US relations after the Taliban was ousted in 2001.
“The BSA reflects our continued commitment to support the new Afghan Unity Government, and we look forward to working with this new government to cement an enduring partnership that strengthens Afghan sovereignty, stability, unity, and prosperity, and that contributes to our shared goal of defeating al-Qaeda and its extremist affiliates,” Obama said.

Non-subsidised LPG cylinder price cut by Rs 21; ATF 3 %Non-subsidised LPG cylinder price cut by Rs 21 to Rs 880; ATF by 3 pct
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 01 2014, 11:35  IST
Oct 01 2014, 11:35  IST
 

Narendra Modi  Barack Obama vow to take ties to new levelsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India  China border stand off  that cast a shadow on Xis visit  endsComments
The border standoff between India and China ended on Tuesday with both Beijing and New Delhi announcing a withdrawal of troops from the disputed area.
A meeting of the Working Mechanism for Consultation and Coordination on India-China Border Affairs (WMCC) will be convened in India on 16-17 October 2014 to discuss various issues pertaining to the maintenance of peace and tranquillity in the border areas. This mechanism consists of officials from external affairs ministry, home ministry, Indian army and Indo-Tibetan border police and their Chinese counterparts. 
The announcement from Beijing came late on Tuesday night, hours before China was to go on a week-long break — its annual National Day holidays.
Read: Modi talks tough with China’s president Xi on border row
The statement was put out by Xinhua, China’s official news agency, and it spoke for India as well. The release from the external affairs ministry came around the same time.
“As per understanding reached between India and China, the two sides have carried out disengagement and redeployment of border troops in Chumar and Demchok areas in Eastern Ladakh on September 26-27, 2014 to restore the status quo ante as on September 1, 2014”, external affairs ministry said.
“China and India have completed the withdrawal of troops from a standoff at the border on Tuesday,” Xinhua said, quoting the foreign ministry of China.
Read: Is aggression a China ploy to keep India in check?
The announcement also came while Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is in the United States on an official visit and sundry reports have swirled about India-China-US relations. External affairs minister Sushma Swaraj had met her Chinese counterpart on the sidelines of the UNGA after which she had announced the border standoff being sorted out.
A meeting of the Border Commanders at Spanggur Gap held this afternoon confirmed that the standoff between the border troops of two sides in Chumar and Demchok areas has been successfully terminated.

Raghuram Rajan says wont rescue firms with unhedged forex exposureE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi  Obama talk deeper ties  joint anti-terror pushModi, Obama announce better trade ties, joint fight against terror
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 20:33 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:59 IST(1/10/2014)
India and the United States on Tuesday announced significantly expanded cooperation in defence, trade, infrastructure and, especially, counter-terrorism action against the Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, D company, the Haqqani network and al Qaeda.
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives for a meeting with US President Barack Obama at the White House. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama speak after a meeting in the Oval Office of the White House. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves as he arrives at the White House in Washington DC for a meeting with US President Barack Obama. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi end their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington. (Reuters Photo)
US President hosts Prime Minister Narendra Modi for dinner at the White House in Washington. The two leaders broke the ice by exchanging anecdotes in their political graphs. (Photo courtesy: ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with US President Barack Obama at the White House dinner. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @MEAIndia)
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama of the United States with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama greets external affairs minister Sushama Swaraj at the White House in Washington US Secretary of State John Kerry is seen on the left. (PTI Photo)
A “joint and concerted effort” will be made by the two countries to dismantle these outfits, an Indian government official told reporters. But he gave few details and refused to elaborate.  Joint Statement during the visit of Prime Minister to USA
The two sides also agreed to speed up implementation of the civil nuclear deal, announced in 2005, with the help of an interagency platform.
And they agreed on renewing the defence cooperation framework for another 10 years, though it would be signed when they are through with the details.
Live Blog Modi in America
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama met for over two hours in the morning at an expanded delegation-level meeting and then in a more restricted format without aides.
 
Emphasising that India supports trade facilitation, Modi told Obama that a solution must be found to its concerns over food security at the World Trade Organisation. “We had an open discussion on the WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found,” the PM said.
India had taken a tough stand over food security at the WTO talks in Geneva in July, refusing to ratify the WTO’s Trade Facilitation Agreement without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution to its public food stock-holding issue for food security purposes.
“My conversation with President Obama has reinforced my conviction that India and the US are natural global partners, based on our shared values, interests and strengths in the digital age,” Modi said from prepared remarks in Hindi after the bilateral meeting.
Read: Modi, Obama raise the bar for bilateral ties in joint oped
Obama said his discussion with Modi over dinner on Monday night were mostly about the economy, but that they focussed on the international situation and security issues on Tuesday. “We addressed challenges in West Asia and violent extremism, the fight against ISIS,” he said.
But Indian officials said there was no request from the US for India to join the coalition against ISIS, a possibility speculated about in the run-up to the summit.
The two spoke of a “peaceful transition of power in Afghanistan and the need to work together to ensure stability”.
There will be a joint statement on the outcome of the talks but it had not been issued till late Tuesday. A large number of initiatives were agreed upon in the areas of urban development, sanitation and infrastructure.
“This visit can be scored as a success for the very basic reason that it took place,” said Michael Kuglemanm, a South Asia expert at Wilson Center. “Modi could have declined Obama’s invitation to come to Washington, or deferred it indefinitely. Instead, he accepted it and took full advantage of his time in Washington. This is a strong signal of his intention to move beyond the past and to get this relationship back on track.”
After their Oval Office meeting, Obama and Modi travelled together to the Martin Luther King Jr memorial on the National Mall, a few blocks from the White House. Modi was initially to go alone to pay homage to the activist leader but in a last minute change, the American President decided to join him.

12 killed  many hurt as trains collide near GorakhpurComments
At least 13 passengers were killed and 45 injured when two trains collided sideways near Gorakhpur railway station in Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday night.
Later on Wednesday, railway minister Sadananda Gowda visited the spot and met the injured receiving treatment in various hospitals.
The collision took place at around 11pm near Nandnagar crossing, about seven kilometres from Gorakhpur, when  Lucknow-bound Krishak Express reportedly overshot the signal near Gorakhpur station and hit the Barauni express coming from the state capital.
The north eastern railway (NER) has ordered a probe into the accident. It will be headed by commissioner Rail Safety P K Bajpai.  
Two trains, Chauri Chaura Express and Maduadi Krishak, on the track were cancelled and the route of at least half-a -dozen trains was diverted in order to ease traffic.
Chief public relations officer of North- Eastern Railway Alok Kumar Singh said loco pilot of Krishak Express Ram Bahadur and assistant Loco pilot Satyajeet have been suspended pending enquiry.
The impact of the collision was so intense that three coaches of Barauni Express got derailed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed grief and announced compensation for the victims.
An ex-gratia payment of Rs. 2 lakh each to the next of the kin of those killed and Rs. 50,000 each to the seriously injured will be given from the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund.
The NER has announced Rs. 50,000 to the kin of the dead, Rs. 25,000 to those who suffered serious injuries and Rs. 5000 to those who received minor injuries.
Railway helpline for inquiries are. Gorakhpur (05513303365, 09794846980), Lucknow (05222233042), Chhapra (09006693233) and Varanasi (09919041978).

Setback for AAP as Damania quits party postsSetback for AAP as Damania quits party posts
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 01, 2014
First Published: 01:31 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:33 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
In a serious setback to the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), its state convenor and irrigation scam whistleblower Anjali Damani quit the party posts on Tuesday, deciding to distance herself from the political outfit.
AAP’s state secretary Preeti Sharma Menon, too, quit party posts. While Damania has resigned from the post of the state convener and a member of the state executive, Menon quit as spokesperson.
This is the second time the two have resigned from the party posts Last time, they were persuaded to come back after an intervention by central AAP leaders.
Damania, who was had exposed the irrigation scam, had been unhappy because of negative campaigning unleashed by some AAP workers, sources said. But in a letter to the media, Damania ruled out any conspiracy theories.
“I genuinely feel each and every one of us has a duty towards our nation. I have done it with utmost sense of responsibility and dedication. But, I also have a family to look after… and I feel it is my duty to get back and look after them,” said Damania in the letter.
She had been in the forefront in exposing several scams with allegations levelled against leaders such as Sharad Pawar, Ajit Pawar, Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal.
Both Menon and Damania felt after the AAP delivered a spectacular performance in the Delhi Assembly polls last year, many people with vested interests had joined the party, thus tarnishing its image, sources said.

2 PE funds in contest to wrest control of De...You are here: Home > Collections > Gic
Two rival PE funds in close contest to wrest control of Rs 1,200 crore Destimoney
Sneha Shah, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 05.58AM IST
Tags:
ChrysCapital
(Spokepersons for New Silk…)
MUMBAI: The race to buy retail financial services and distribution company Destimoney, owned by private equity fund New Silk Route, has begun with two final bids by two rival PE funds valuing the retail distribution firm at roughly Rs 1,200 crore, two people with direct knowledge of the development said.
A consortium of private equity fund Chryscapital and Singapore government's sovereign wealth fund GIC is pitching against rival General Atlantic to buy the firm which owns 49% stake in PNB Housing Finance. The final bids were submitted on Monday evening.
"The bids by private equity fund ChrysCapital and GIC as a team and General Atlantic are neck-andneck and the management will now go for further discussions with the bidders to decide on the partner," the three people quoted above said. A deal will help NSR an exit and a three-fold return in 6 years.
NSR owns 100% stake in Destimoney, erstwhile Dawnay Day AV Financial Services, after it bought it for Rs 200 crore in 2008. Destimoney is the joint venture partner of PNB Housing Finance where it invested Rs 220 crore to acquire 49% stake in two tranches.
"The bidders are more interested in the PNB Housing Finance piece of the business," an investment banker with knowledge of the development said. PNB Housing Finance is the largest unlisted player in the home mortgage market. Apart from the joint venture with Punjab National Bank, Destimoney runs retail distribution and broking businesses through a network of 1,700 franchises across 30 branches nationwide.
"The bids are almost similar and hence the management will now hold further discussions with the investors before a final decision is made," said a person involved in the deal. Investment Bank Morgan Stanley is advising NSR.
The deal values Destimoney at around Rs 1,100-1,200 crore. Destimoney Enterprises own 80% stake in Destimoney Broking with the rest owned by investors like Dhanalaxmi Bank and NRI Raghuvinder Kataria.
Spokepersons for New Silk Route, ChrysCapital and GIC did not reply to email queries. A General Atlantic spokesperson didn't offer any comment in an emailed response. Housing companies are usually valued at 1.2-1.5 times of their net worth. PNB Housing Finance had a networth of Rs 620 crore on March 31, 2013.
This benchmark will offer PNB Housing a valuation of roughly Rs 750 crore. In the past, PE funds had tried to buy out Destimoney's stake in the PNB Housing through a demerger. The plan was aborted as it had significant tax implications.
Destimoney also offers broking services across equities, currency and commodities to HNI clients and distributes third party financial products like retail loans, insurance products and mutual funds. While broking constituted 40% of its FY14 topline of Rs 60 crore, distribution of third party products has also grown over the years.
The $1.4-billion Asia focused fund has invested in companies such as 9X Media, Coffee Day Resorts and Hotels (which manages the Cafe Coffee Day chain), Capricorn Hospitality, KS Oils, Reliance Infratel, VRL Logistics, Ascend Telecom Infrastructure and Varsity Education Management.
"The deal is expected to be closed by November," another person involved with the transaction said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Windows 10: Everything you need to know andmoreWindows 10 will run across all devices: (Source: http://blogs.windows.com)
Tech Desk | Posted: October 1, 2014 7:24 am
So Windows 10 it will be. Microsoft has confirmed that the next version of Windows will be called Windows 10 and be be built in a “open development effort” with inputs from technology enthusiasts. That is in a way accepting that Windows 8 was not exactly what these guys wanted or loved to use.
“Windows 10 represents the first step of a whole new generation of Windows, unlocking new experiences to give customers new ways to work, play and connect,” said Terry Myerson, executive vice president of the Operating Systems group at Microsoft. “This will be our most comprehensive operating system and the best release Microsoft has ever done for our business  customers, and we look forward to working together with our broader Windows community to bring Windows 10 to life in the months ahead.”
While there is a clear emphasis on business, Windows 10 will run across the broadest range of devices ever from the Internet of Things to enterprise datacenters worldwide. Microsoft is also making life simpler for develpoers by offering a converged application platform for developers on all devices with a unified app store. “Developers will be able to write an application once and deploy it easily across multiple device types, making discovery, purchase and updating easier than ever for customers,” a release said.
It is also rethinking the way Windows is managed and deployed with “in-place upgrades” that make device wipe-and-reload scenarios obsolete. Businesses will have the flexibility to choose how quickly they adopt innovations, while havign the ability to customize an app store specific to their needs.
Here is what is new from a consumer point
Expanded Start menu: Microsoft is brninging back the Start menu with quick one-click access to the functions and files that people use most. It will also include a new space to personalize with favorite apps, programs, people and websites.
Apps that run in a window: Apps from the Windows Store now open in the same format that desktop programs do. They can be resized and moved around, and have title bars at the top allowing users to maximize, minimise and close with a click.
Snap enhancements: Working in multiple apps at once is easier as the new quadrant layout allows up to four apps to be snapped on the same screen. Windows will also show other apps and programs running for additional snapping, and it will even make smart suggestions on filling available screen space with other open apps.
New task view button: This feature enables one view for all open apps and files, allowing for quick switching and one-touch access to any desktop created.
Multiple desktops: You can now sort apps and files into distinct desktops for different purposes and projects.
The company has also announced the Windows Insider Program, kicking off its “largest-ever open collaborative development effort” to change the way Windows is built and delivered to best meet the needs of customers. A release said programme participants will receive the technical preview of Windows 10 and a steady stream of builds through the development cycle to use and give feedback on.

ET Awards: Achhe Din for both old and new ec...ET Awards 2014-15
(This year, with the Narendra Modi administration…)
The winners of the ET Awards for Corporate Excellence for 2014 are a diverse bunch, ranging from a businessman who has built India's largest pharmaceutical company by revenue and market capitalisation to rapidly growing new economy firms that are emblematic of the country's claims to technological prowess. The mix of winners is changing too, in line with the transformation of the wider economy. This year's list has two companies that use the Internet to sell goods and services to businesses and consumers.
"You have a completely changing paradigm. That continues this year also, particularly when you see the emerging companies, and Entrepreneur of the Year," said KV Kamath, chairman of ICICI Bank and a member of the jury.
The members also sought to recognise those corporate leaders who had demonstrated the ability, in the words of jury chairman and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, to "accrue power" in their industries, enabling them to catapult ahead of the competition.
The jury met in an atmosphere totally different from last year, when doom and gloom were all-pervasive.
An atmosphere of hope
This year, with the Narendra Modi administration committed to making it easier to do business in India, the mood was transformed, though headwinds remain.
The Business Leader award was conferred on Dilip Shanghvi, managing director of Sun Pharma, for building a company that is now way ahead of its competitors. Sun Pharma's market capitalisation, Rs 1.78 lakh crore at Tuesday's close, is more than that of its nearest three rivals combined — Ranbaxy, Dr Reddy's and Cipla (Rs 1.68 lakh crore).
The jury noted Shanghvi's strategic nous. He first acquired Israeli generic company Taro Pharmaceuticals in 2007 before moving to buy Ranbaxy this year. Sun Pharma is on course to becoming one of the world's largest generic companies —it's currently fifth by revenue — competing with the likes of Teva, also based in Israel. The members of the jury also acknowledged his efforts at improving corporate governance, such as bringing in a chairman from outside.
"I always think that you can accrue great power but the difference, and this is where real leadership comes about, is that Dilip has done the risky things. He has done M&A, put in place a professional management, a new board and pushed more change at his business," Nadella said.
The jury chose Tata Consultancy Services as Company of the Year, recognising its staggering feat in building a firm with a towering presence among software service providers, leaving highly capable rivals such as Infosys and Wipro in the shade. On this category, the discussion was over in minutes. "It (TCS) is a no-brainer," said Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of the Aditya Birla Group and a member of the 2014 jury. TCS' market cap as of close on Tuesday was Rs 5.36 lakh crore, more than the aggregate of its nearest rivals Infosys, Wipro and HCL Tech (Rs 4.83 lakh crore).
In contrast to the Company of the Year award, there were intense discussions when it came to deciding two categories — Entrepreneur and Emerging Company. In the former, the jury chose to anoint two winners, representing, in their view, different facets of Indian entrepreneurship.
One of them was Dhiraj Rajaram, the founder of Mu Sigma and one of the prospective titans of India's new economy. Mu Sigma, which is said to have been valued at $1 billion in its last round of fund-raising, is a rising star in the field of big data. Essentially, it crunches vast amounts of information and supplies insights gleaned from this to clients, which include as many as 125 Fortune 500 companies. It could, some jury members felt, eventually attain success in its chosen field of data analytics comparable to TCS and Infosys in software.
The other winner, Chandra Shekhar Ghosh, serves a very different sort of client. His microfinance company Bandhan built a business supplying credit to those near the bottom of the pyramid who had no access to such funds.
The jury acknowledged Ghosh's feat in building a large microfinance business that now has a bank licence, no mean feat given the exacting due diligence that the Reserve Bank of India carries out before granting one.
The Emerging Company of the Year, Adani Ports and SEZ, was recognised for its achievement in building a world-class port at Mundra. Having begun operations in the late 1990s, the Mundra facility has become India's largest in terms of cargo volumes, leaving long-established public sector ports far behind. Less than 16 years after it was set up, Adani Ports and SEZ has become India's largest multi-port operator.
The jury picked Zomato, the owner of the eponymous restaurant discovery app, as the Startup of the Year. Established in 2008, the company is emerging as the Indian version of Yelp, a restaurant discovery app catering to the US market. With a presence in 16 countries, Zomato is also going global.

IVRCL puts up Rs4000 cr assets for sale to ease debtYou are here: Home > Collections
IVRCL puts up Rs 4,000 crore assets for sale to ease debt burden
PTI Sep 30, 2014, 04.11PM IST
Tags:
Corporate Debt Restructuring Empowered Group
(Corporate Debt Restructuring…)
HYDERABAD: Cash strapped infrastructure major IVRCL Ltd has put up Rs 4,000 crore worth of assets for sale and expects to come out of debt burden in the next two years once the sale is successful, a senior official has said.
IVRCL Ltd Chairman and Managing Director E Sudhir Reddy said the assets for sale includeRoad projects both operational and under construction and Desalination plant in Chennai.
"We will be selling the BOT projects and come out of debt in two years. The debt component on the main company is not much. On the EBITDA side there is profit in the company. We are servicing more of interest component (on the loans)," Reddy, told PTI on the sidelines of recently held Annual General Meeting here.
Corporate Debt Restructuring Empowered Group had earlier approved the company's proposal for a debt recast package of Rs 7,300 crore.
IVRCL is facing cash crunch due to economic slowdown, higher interest charges, and slower pace of execution of projects. As part of debt recast, IVRCL is also eligible to get a fresh loan of Rs 175 crore that can be used towards meeting working capital requirements besides getting Rs 1,400 crore bank guarantees among other facilities.
IVRCL is currently engaged in discussion with Tata Group firm TRIL Roads Pvt Ltd to offload three road projects. However, no binding term sheet has been signed by both the parties, he said.
Reddy said that IVRCL owns seven road projects, including three operational and expects Rs 1.85 crore from toll collection daily once all the projects become operational.
The company holds a 75 per cent stake in Chennai Water Desalination Ltd (CWDL), which invested around Rs 600 crore to set up a 100 million litres a day seawater desalination plant in Chennai on a build, own, operate and transfer (BOOT) basis for 25 years.
The other 25 per cent stake is held by Spanish partner Befesa Agua, which brought in the technology to purify sea water and convert it into potable water. IVRCL invested about Rs 240 crore as equity, raising the balance money through debt.
IVRCL achieved a gross turnover of Rs 4,305 crore for the 12 months period ended March 31, 2014 as against Rs 3,759 crore for the previous financial year (9 months period). It suffered Rs 717 crore loss during the last fiscal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsoft unveils Windows 10 Operating SystemSAN FRANCISCO, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 10:23 IST
Microsoft unveils Windows 10 Operating System
AGENCIES
AP The new software represents an attempt to step back from the radical redesign that alienated many PC users when Windows 8 was introduced two years ago.
TOPICS
technology (general)
Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday announced its 'Windows 10' Operating System to replace the largely unpopular Windows 8, skipping a number to mark a leap toward unifying the way people work on tablets, phones and traditional computers.
Microsoft is restoring some of the more traditional ways of doing things and promises that Windows 10 will be familiar for users regardless of which version of Windows they are now using.
For instance, the start menu in Windows 10 will appear similar to what’s found in Windows 7.
10 things to know about the new Windows 10
The new software represents an attempt to step back from the radical redesign that alienated many PC users when Windows 8 was introduced two years ago. But it’s not a complete retreat from Microsoft’s goal of bridging the gap between PCs and mobile devices: It still has touchscreen functions and strives to create a familiar experience for Windows users who switch between desktop computers, tablets and smartphones.
“Windows 10 will be our greatest enterprise platform ever,” said Terry Myerson, Microsoft's Head of Operating Systems, at an event in San Francisco.
He said Windows 10, long known by the project name 'Threshold' internally, represented a new type of system for the company, as it seeks to unify computing as mobile devices proliferate.
"Windows 10 adapts to the devices customers are using, from Xbox to PCs and phones to tablets and tiny gadgets," said Myerson.
Only 20 per cent of organisations migrated to Windows 8, which was released two years ago, according to technology research firm Forrester. Many PC users disliked the touch-optimized interface and bemoaned the loss of the traditional start-button pop-up menu.
From a virtual monopoly on personal computing 10 years ago, Windows now runs only about 14 percent of devices, according to research firm Gartner.
"It's a bold statement for Microsoft to make," said Daniel Ives, an analyst at FBR Capital Markets. "So far there's not as much meat on the bone as we would have wanted, although it's still very early days."
An early version of the software, demonstrated on stage by Microsoft executive Joe Belfiore, showed two modes, one optimized for touch-controlled tablets, and one for PCs using a mouse and keyboard. Users can switch between the two depending on the device.
Myerson did not say exactly how or when the new Windows would be rolled out, but other executives said Microsoft was aiming for a full release by mid-2015. A technical preview can be downloaded from Microsoft's website, starting on Wednesday, for users to try out and give the company feedback.
"They were trying to start the messaging for a product that won't actually ship until sometime around the middle of next year," said Gartner analyst Steve Kleynhans at the event.

Yahoo investors could reap $11 billion in br...Yahoo investors could reap $11 billion in breakup
Bloomberg Oct 1, 2014, 08.49AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.
(Yahoo, now worth less than…)
NEW YORK: Yahoo! Inc. shareholders are inching closer to a potential $11 billion windfall.Activist fund Starboard Value LP stepped up pressure on Yahoo last week to break itself up, a move analysts say could amount to an $11 billion market value gain.
Starboard's proposals include Yahoo selling its valuable stakes in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and Yahoo Japan Corp. and merging with advertising rival AOL Inc. The ideas lay out a plan for rewarding investors who are losing confidence in Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer's ability to create value with the acquisitions she's been making.
Yahoo, now worth less than those Asian stakes, has put $1.3 billion toward takeovers since 2012, around the same time Mayer took the helm, according to Starboard. During that period, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization dropped by almost half as revenue also slid.
Investors are now left holding a $40.52 stock that could be valued at more than $50 in a breakup -- $51 if you ask Gabelli & Co. and up to $57 by Albert Fried & Co.'s estimates. "This is a very classic sum-of-theparts story: If you can break up the company into its different parts, it would be worth a lot more," Brett Harriss, an analyst for Gabelli, said in a phone interview.
Yahoo could also be a good acquisition for Alibaba or SoftBank, Harriss said. A deal would enable Alibaba to buy back its shares from Yahoo without a large tax leak. As SoftBank searches for targets, buying Yahoo would increase its stakes in Yahoo Japan and Alibaba.
On Monday, Alternative Investment Management & Research SA, a Geneva-based investment advisory firm, sent a letter to Mayer and Masayoshi Son, Chairman of Japan's SoftBank Corp., proposing a merger between Yahoo and SoftBank. "We think that Yahoo would be far better off under the stewardship and vision of Mr. Son than under Yahoo's current top management," Albert Saporta, managing director, said in the letter.
STARBOARD RECORD
In past investments such as Office Depot Inc. and TriQuint Semiconductor Inc., Starboard's exhaustive research and activism have helped yield gains for shareholders. The activist is now targeting a company whose business investors assign no value. Yahoo shares are instead buoyed by the stakes in Alibaba and Yahoo Japan, which add up to more than Yahoo's closing price yesterday of $40.52. Investors are awaiting the potential payoff from selling those assets, rather than expressing bullishness on Yahoo itself.
With the hype over Alibaba's initial public offering dying down, bears are beginning to pile in to Yahoo. "Now that Alibaba's IPO is in the rearview mirror, Yahoo's no longer benefiting from Alibaba's `What if ' valuation questions," Youssef Squali, a New York-based analyst at Cantor Fitzgerald LP, said in a note on MOnday. "Marissa Mayer's honeymoon with investors is over."
LOOKING FOR CASH
While Mayer has focused on making purchases to try to position the Web portal for future growth, shareholders would prefer to see the company's cash returned to them, said Sameet Sinha, a San Franciscobased analyst at B. Riley & Co. "You have an activist investor saying `You have this cash and we just want to make sure that you will utilize it responsibly, versus the last couple of years where you've made a lot of acquisitions that we haven't seen bear any fruit,'" Sinha said in a phone interview. Yahoo's trailing 12-month Ebitda was about $1.8 billion in the period before Mayer took over and embarked upon a takeover spree, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. It has since fallen to $948 million. Revenue declined about 7% in that same span.
  TAX SAVINGS
Analysts have described many ways Yahoo can reward investors, though most say that a tax-efficient method for exiting the Asian stakes takes priority. Yahoo retained a 16.3% interest in Alibaba after the Chinese e-commerce company's IPO earlier this month. Selling its remaining shares would create a large tax bill, which could be avoided if Alibaba took over Yahoo, shareholder Ironfire Capital LLC has suggested.
Yahoo is also the second-largest owner of Yahoo Japan behind SoftBank, which means SoftBank could use an acquisition as a way to gain more control of the Japanese business. SoftBank has had internal conversations about buying Yahoo, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified discussing private information.
Starboard is proposing that AOL, which has reinvented itself as a competitor in the digital-advertising industry, merge with Yahoo to save as much as $1 billion of expenses. Not only would there be cost-cutting opportunities,.
ASSET SWAP
B. Riley's Sinha says there's a way for Yahoo to both merge with AOL and sell its Alibaba stake without the tax penalty: SoftBank could first buy AOL, then exchange it with Yahoo for the Alibaba shares. He also estimates Yahoo could add about $15 to its stock price by raising money domestically and then giving it to shareholders, rather than paying them with the repatriated proceeds from the Asian assets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Problem Solver updates: Check arrives  insurance never dies"If the treasurer's office (handles) that many certificates of error, then there must be something wrong with the Cook County real estate tax assessments," Paulsen said.
Making headway
Technically, Erin Carver's old health insurance plan remains intact, but the Wheaton resident reports some progress in her quest to extricate herself from it.
Carver, first featured in the July 27 column, signed up late last year for insurance through the federal marketplace created by the Affordable Care Act.
After landing a job that provided employer-sponsored health insurance in May, she tried to cancel her Obamacare plan. She was told by the plan's administrator, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, that she had to file her cancellation request with the marketplace.
In the months that followed, bills for the old plan continued to arrive, as the policy continued.
The policy still hasn't been canceled, but there has been some movement.
Last week, her new insurance company, also Blue Cross, informed her that the waiting period for coverage of pre-existing conditions has expired, meaning she can now get treatments that she had put off for months.
"I celebrated the news that I'm now approved for coverage for pre-existing conditions by making an appointment with my ENT," Carver said in an email, referring to her ear, nose and throat doctor.
Also, Blue Cross sent a letter, dated Aug. 25, telling her that because she hasn't paid her premiums on the Obamacare policy she was trying to cancel, the insurance company has placed the old policy "on hold."
Carver has her fingers crossed that the "hold" becomes permanent.
"Hopefully (this is) a step towards cancellation," she said.
facebook.com/chitribproblem

Recent college grads face stagnant pay prospects3
"Recent graduates are increasingly working in low-wage jobs or working part-time," said New York Fed researchers Jaison Abel, Richard Deitz and Yaqin Su. "Finding a good job has indeed become more difficult."
Since the recession, people with college degrees have fared significantly better with jobs than those who had high school diplomas. But a college degree alone doesn't convey the full picture.
There was a difference between college graduates who had been working for a while and those seeking their first jobs after graduation. In 2010, the unemployment rate for college graduates was 5 percent — far less than the 16 percent unemployment rate for young workers without degrees. But unemployment for recent college graduates was more severe than for college graduates generally, peaking at 7 percent.
Underemployment has also been a problem. During the 2009-2011 period, New York Fed researchers found that about 56 percent of people who had just graduated ended up in jobs that didn't require a degree.
That trend should ease over time, New York researchers said, because it's common for new graduates to take low-wage jobs and, with time, transition into jobs that fit their educations.
But having to take inferior jobs has been an increasingly troubling trend for college graduates. In the 2000s, about 16 percent of recent graduates were working in part-time jobs. In 2011, with the jobs recovery still anemic, about 23 percent of recent college graduates were in part-time jobs.
Among recent college graduates, unemployment has been low, at 3 percent for health majors and 4 percent for education majors. Architecture and construction majors are at 8 percent, and liberal arts and social science majors are at 7 and 8 percent, respectively.
Seventy-five percent of recent graduates with engineering degrees are working in jobs that required a degree. Yet, in the low-pay leisure and hospitality area, only 33 percent were working in jobs that required degrees. And among those who majored in communications, liberal arts, business and social sciences, only 40 to 45 percent were in jobs requiring degrees.

Skokie Wal-Mart banking big on kosher itemsCan the new Skokie Wal-Mart compete with 'kosher Jewel' nearby?
New Skokie Wal-Mart has more kosher food than any other Wal-Mart.
It looks like a typical supercenter, but Wal-Mart Stores is stocking some extras at its new Skokie location: foods ranging from Paskez brand candy to Shor Harbor glatt kosher meat.
Aiming to appeal to observant Orthodox Jews who live nearby, Wal-Mart is carrying several hundred kosher items, more than any other Wal-Mart in the country, managers said.
Wal-Mart
Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune
Hope Minsky shops Monday in the kosher aisle at the new Wal-Mart in Skokie. The supercenter is carrying several hundred kosher items, more than any other Wal-Mart in the country, managers said.
Hope Minsky shops Monday in the kosher aisle at the new Wal-Mart in Skokie. The supercenter is carrying several hundred kosher items, more than any other Wal-Mart in the country, managers said. (Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune)
This week, a table near the entrance was covered with packages of round challah, the traditional bread served during the Jewish new year, or Rosh Hashana, which begins Wednesday night. The challah, and many other baked goods, are brought in from Chicago's North Shore Kosher Bakery.
The kosher products are the latest indication of how Wal-Mart is trying to cater to specific communities. While Wal-Mart is the largest retailer in the world and the largest seller of groceries in the United States, it is playing catch-up in featuring items for specific clientele.
A Jewel-Osco on Howard Street in Evanston, for example, has served the Jewish community for years with everything from kosher sliced deli meats to Tein Li Chow, a kosher Chinese takeout and delivery restaurant.
The bulked-up kosher presence underscores how Wal-Mart continues to tweak its tried-and-true formula of low prices on basic goods in order to entice shoppers in the competitive grocery business.
Still, the store is not fully kosher. Nonkosher foods are prevalent, and a Burger King serving foods such as bacon cheeseburgers, problematic because of prohibitions on pork products and the serving of dairy and meat together, is inside the store.
Tim Sutherland, manager of the Skokie store — it opened in August — and a 24-year Wal-Mart employee, said he was attracted to running this store because of the kosher focus. According to Sutherland, the store devotes about 100 square feet in the dry grocery section to kosher products, against 12 square feet in a typical store.
In Skokie, nearly both sides of a grocery aisle are filled with kosher food and traditional supplies, such as memorial candles. Packaged kosher meat, dairy products and baked goods sit in other parts of the grocery section.
If someone is coming to Wal-Mart for general merchandise, such as a bedspread, Sutherland hopes that person will perhaps buy a gallon of kosher milk as well.

State Farm to sell Blue Cross health policies in Illinois0
The agreement does not include small group or Medicare plans. State Farm will stop selling individual plans from Milwaukee-based Assurant Health in the five Health Care Service Corp. states, Welch said.
The pact should allow Blue Cross, which signed up 1.2 million across five states in 2014, to beef up its enrollment figures as more Americans seek individual insurance policies under the health law.
The insurer sold about 200,000 policies on the Illinois health insurance exchange this year, good for about 92 percent of the market.
"Any time you bring two of the most recognized brands together, it gives (customers) more opportunities to buy our products," Welch said. "It's an alliance with mutual benefits. Expectations are high."
Health Care Service Corp. views the partnership as a way to penetrate harder-to-reach markets within its five states by leveraging State Farm's retail storefronts. State Farm has more than 11,000 agents across 3,300 agencies in the five states, including 4,000 at 1,200 storefront agencies in Illinois.
Last year, agents and brokers sold about 65 percent of the policies Health Care Service Corp. sold outside the Obamacare marketplaces, but only 20 percent of those sold inside.
Initially, Blue Cross expects most of the policies sold by State Farm to be those listed outside the marketplaces.
"But as time goes on, I expect we'll start seeing more and more on-exchange members who are subsidy-eligible coming through because of the storefront perspective," Welch said.
Although some State Farm agents have sold health policies for years, Blue Cross will provide voluntary training on its portfolio of plans, the companies said.
State Farm will offer discounts for customers who buy multiple lines of coverage. But health plans purchased on the health insurance exchanges must be sold at list price, notwithstanding federal subsidies that will be available to some consumers based on income.

CF Industries in merger talks with Norwegian company0
The Chicago area's chances of retaining CF Industries' headquarters are dimmed by two big factors. The Norwegian government owns a 36 percent stake in Yara, and odds are the government would hate to lose the headquarters and the jobs that come with it.
Also, CF Industries may have its own reasons to let Norway keep the headquarters of the combined company. The deal may be structured as a corporate inversion, which would allow CF Industries to escape high U.S. taxes by moving its headquarters overseas.
Neither party would comment on the merger talks beyond the short statements they issued Tuesday.
The merger would create a global fertilizer giant. CF Industries would gain access to Yara's sales distribution network in 150 countries. Yara would gain access to CF's supply of cheap U.S. natural gas, which is used to make ammonia, a key ingredient in nitrogen-based fertilizers.
The global fertilizer industry is already highly concentrated, and more consolidation could drive fertilizer prices higher as firms gain greater market power.
"The more consolidated the industry, the higher margins producers can earn," said Raymond Goldie, an analyst at Salman Partners in Toronto. "That should be positive for the producers but not necessarily so for farmers."
CF Industries has been active in the industry's consolidation. In 2010, the company outbid Yara to acquire rival Iowa-based Terra Industries Inc. for $4.7 billion. The deal helped CF Industries fight off a hostile takeover by Canadian fertilizer company Agrium.
CF Industries became more attractive to prospective acquirers when it sold its phosphate business earlier this year to focus on only nitrogen fertilizer, analysts said.
By engaging with Yara, CF Industries "could be being proactive to prevent themselves from being taken over," Goldie said.
CF described the talks as a "potential merger of equals transaction." Mergers of equals are considered the friendliest of friendly merger transactions.
In a merger of equals, issues related to governance and operations of the combined company — such as corporate name, headquarters location and the makeup of the board of directors — are usually the trickiest to resolve because neither side has the ultimate negotiating leverage.

Wal-Mart adds car insurance to Illinois shoppers  lists0
AutoInsurance.com lets consumers compare and buy auto insurance policies. When consumers log on to the site, they provide their name, address, date of birth and contact information. Customers can opt to have AutoInsurance.com automatically retrieve their current coverage information, from publicly available information as well as proprietary databases, to get an apples-to-apples comparison. In minutes, they get competing quotes from several carriers and can choose to buy a policy immediately.
Wal-Mart — which for years has been trying to become a bigger force in the financial services field — promotes the site online, starting from its home page under "Walmart MoneyCenter." Then, on that page, consumers will see a list of financial services being offered, including car insurance. AutoInsurance.com gives quotes from Progressive, Travelers, Esurance, 21st Century Insurance, General Insurance and Safeco.
"We're constantly evaluating our partners," an AutoInsurance.com spokeswoman said when asked about the omission of the Big Three. They are State Farm, Geico and Allstate. Allstate — whose agents were once a fixture in Sears stores — owns Esurance.
AutoInsurance.com gets a commission for every policy it sells; Wal-Mart makes money as its marketing partner.
The partnership between Wal-Mart and AutoInsurance.com is now in 19 states. In the states where the service is available, AutoInsurance.com also will have displays and signs in Wal-Mart stores.
Betting on him: Z Capital Partners LLC has named William McBeath as managing director and operating partner. Before joining the Lake Forest-based private equity firm, McBeath was president of CityCenter, which includes Aria Resort & Casino, Vdara Hotel & Spa, and Mandarin Oriental in Las Vegas.
Z Capital Partners' portfolio companies include Mrs. Fields, TCBY, Affinity Gaming, Golden Gaming LLC, Mesquite Gaming, Chevys Fresh Mex, El Torito and Sleep Innovations.
"Bill brings nearly 30 years of experience in starting, building, growing and improving the profitability, performance and value of companies within the gaming and resort industry," Z Capital Chief Executive James Zenni said in a statement. McBeath started his career at MGM and has worked at the Mirage, Treasure Island and Bellagio.

Hamas  Islamic State group  branches of same poisonous tree : NetanyahuBenjamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel, holds up a picture of an alleged Hamas rocket launcher surrounded by children while speaking during the 69th session of the United Nations General Assembly at U.N. headquarters, Monday, Sept. 29, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: September 30, 2014 11:14 am | Updated: September 30, 2014 11:36 am
In a blistering speech to the United Nations, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned on Monday that Hamas and the Islamic State group are “branches of the same poisonous tree,” both bent on world domination through terror, just as the Nazis were.
Netanyahu also lashed back at Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, who accused Israel last week of carrying out war crimes and waging a “war of genocide” during the fighting in Gaza. Netanyahu said Hamas committed “the real war crimes” in Gaza by using Palestinian civilians as human shields.
Addressing the U.N. General Assembly’s annual ministerial meeting, the Israeli leader argued that Israel’s fight against Hamas and the U.S. military campaign against the Islamic State are part of the same cause — the defeat of Islamic extremism.
Netanyahu railed against world leaders for simultaneously condemning the Jewish state for its war with Hamas and praising President Barack Obama for attacking Islamic State militants and other extremists in Syria and Iraq.
“They evidently don’t understand that ISIS and Hamas are branches of the same poisonous tree,” the prime minister said, referring to the Islamic State group by one of its acronyms. He added: “When it comes to its ultimate goals, Hamas is ISIS, and ISIS is Hamas.”
Netanyahu said ISIS and Hamas, as well as other Muslim extremist movements, from al-Qaida and Nigeria’s Boko Haram to Somalia’s al-Shabab and Lebanon’s Hezbollah, share the goal of imposing militant Islam on the world. He likened them to “another fanatic ideology that swept into power eight decades ago” — Nazism.
To protect global peace and security, he said, “we must remove this cancer before it’s too late.”
Turning to another regional enemy, Netanyahu warned that the gravest threat to the world today is the danger of Iran obtaining nuclear weapons. “It’s one thing to confront militant Islamists on pickup trucks, armed with Kalashnikov rifles. It’s another thing to confront militant Islamists armed with weapons of mass destruction,” he said.
Netanyahu said Iranian President Hassan Rouhani’s condemnation of the spread of terrorism last week amounted to “one of history’s greatest displays of doubletalk.”
He accused Iran itself of mounting terrorist attacks all around the world, and lumped the country in with Islamic extremist movements. “To say that Iran doesn’t practice terrorism is like saying Derek Jeter never played shortstop for the New York Yankees,” he said.
Netanyahu criticized the efforts of six world powers to reach a nuclear deal with Iran, saying: “To defeat ISIS and leave Iran as a threshold nuclear power is to continued…

Jai Anmol Ambani with parents Anil and Tina at ADAG meetpicture  others
Jai Anmol Ambani with parents Anil and Tina at ADAG meet
Industrialist Anil Ambani and his wife Tina Ambani were seen with their son Jai Anmol Ambani at the AGM of ADAG group in Mumbai on Tuesday.
Reliance Communications Ltd (RLCM.NS) aims to bring its debt to under Rs 200 billion in the next 24 months, Chairman Anil Ambani told shareholders on Tuesday. (Source: Ganesh Shirsekar)
Reliance Communications, India's fourth-biggest mobile phone operator, is the most leveraged among publicly traded telecom carriers. The company had a debt of 355 billion rupees as of Aug. 14.
Tina Ambani arrives as husband Anil Ambani waits. (Source: Express Photo by Ganesh Shirsekar)
Anil Ambani also said Reliance Communications, which has a market value of roughly $5 billion, would participate in spectrum auctions when they come up next year, to be able to launch fourth-generation (4G) telecommunications services in the country.
Anil Ambani along with his wife Tina Ambani arrive at the AGM of ADAG group in Mumbai on Tuesday at Birla Motoshree in Mumbai on Tuesday. (Source: Express Photo by Ganesh Shirsekar)
Tina Ambani with her son Jai Anmol Ambani upon their arrival at the AGM of ADAG group in Mumbai on Tuesday. (Source: Express Photo by Ganesh Shirsekar)
Jai Anmol Ambani was dapper in a grey suit. (Source: Express Photo by Ganesh Shirsekar)
Related

Modi a rockstar who operated without lyrics: Parag SaxenaIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

RBI unveils more measures to deepen trading in bond marketSep 30, 2014 at 09:56pm IST
RBI unveils more measures to deepen trading in bond market
2
0
Mumbai: To boost trading in bonds, RBI on Tuesday said that it will gradually lower the ceiling on government securities that can be held-to-maturity (HTM) by banks to 22 per cent, from 24 per cent, beginning January.
The apex bank also announced it will extend the period that foreign investors can settle their over-the-counter government bonds to two days of their trade from one.
The measure, traders said, could be aimed at facilitating the settlement of debt in the Euroclear platform to which India is planning to join soon. Announcing the monetary policy, the central bank said it will cut the ceiling on HTM bonds from the current 24 per cent to 22 per cent in stages, starting in the two-week cycle from January 10, 2015.
SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said that the calibrated cut in HTM ceiling to 22 per cent by September 15 is a welcome and non-disruptive move.
#rbi #sbi #tracking the modi government
Commenting on this, SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said that the calibrated cut in HTM ceiling to 22 per cent by September 15 is a welcome and non-disruptive move.
Bank of India head VR Iyer said: "The guidelines for cut in HTM, spread over one year beginning January 2015, are a welcome step as it removes uncertainty on this issue. Banks can now better plan dilution from HTM." Federal Bank MD Shyam Srinivasan said that the move to bring down the ceiling on SLR securities under the HTM category will deepen the bond market.
The action could prompt banks to trade debt actively as it will reduce the incentive of parking securities until maturity and force them to mark more securities to market on a daily basis, leading to potential gains or losses, he said.
RBI also doubled the limit for some importers hedging currency exposure to 100 per cent of their average turnover over the previous three years or the preceding year's import revenue, whichever is higher. The previous limit was at 50 per cent.
Further, the apex bank announced several steps related to trading in G-secs, including relaxing rules for short- selling, and said it would continue injecting funds via one - day term repos, or cash-for-loans transactions, to keep money markets less volatile.
RBI allowed banks to include government bonds held by them up to another 5 per cent of their NDTL (net demand and time liabilities) within the mandatory SLR requirement as level 1 quality liquid assets (HQLA) to facilitate their meeting the LCR requirement.
0

Monsoon ends with 12% deficit  winter crops ...Monsoon ends with 12% deficit, winter crops to bear brunt
Madhvi Sally, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 06.55AM IST
Tags:
El Nino
(Rainfall in the past week…)
NEW DELHI: India's monsoon season this year wound up 12% below normal, its worst in five years, leaving behind less planted area and depleted reservoirs that would lower Kharif, or summer, harvest and impact winter crops .
Rainfall in the past week was 37% short of normal, bringing an end to a season that began with the driest June, data from the India Meteorological Department (IMD) showed.
"The seasonal monsoon deficit this year is 12%. Post June the rains were spread and there was no long dry spells which could impact agriculture and reservoir position," said Laxman Singh Rathore, director general, IMD .
The 2014 monsoon remained evolving from the earlier threats of El Nino to deficit rains in June followed by rainfalls picking in July and August.
It was the driest monsoon season since 2009 when rainfall deficit at 22% was the worst since 1972 and the country had to depend on global markets for its foodgrains.
This season, rainfall deficit has been worst in Haryana and west Uttar Pradesh at 56%, followed by 50% in Punjab and 42% in east Uttar Pradesh.
In 2013, the country received 6% above normal rainfall.
GP Sharma, vice president of meteorology at private weather forecaster Skymet Weather Services, said 2014 qualified as a meteorological drought year. "We have been very close in our forecasts though there have been some regional deviations in terms of the quantitative assessment of rainfall," he said.
BS Sivakumar, executive vice president at Kotak Mahindra Bank, said monsoon rains were short, unevenly distributed and untimely, even in areas where it rained.
"Despite a poor monsoon, prices of most agri commodities have seen steep fall to levels that are at their three-year low. Examples include soya, cotton, turmeric, edible oils, sugar, castor, etc," he said. "This is on account of very favourable agriculture output in other countries and a healthy stock position," he said.
Kharif foodgrain production is expected to fall by 7% to 120.27 million tonnes this year as per the first advance estimate for 2014-15. Rice production in Kharif is estimated to fall to 88.02 million tonnes from 91.69 million tonnes last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Government confirms first case of EbolaUpdated: October 1, 2014 07:24 IST
US Government confirms first case of Ebola
AP
AP The man left Liberia on September 19, arrived the next day to visit relatives and started feeling ill four or five days later. (Picture for representative purposes only.)
TOPICS
disease
The first case of Ebola diagnosed in the U.S. was confirmed on Tuesday in a patient who recently travelled from Liberia to Dallas — a sign of the far-reaching impact of the out-of-control epidemic in West Africa.
The unidentified man was critically ill and has been in isolation at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital since Sunday, federal health officials said. They would not reveal his nationality or age.
Authorities have begun tracking down family and friends who may have had close contact with him and could be at risk for becoming ill. But officials said there are no other suspected cases in Texas.
At the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Director Tom Frieden said the man left Liberia on September 19, arrived the next day to visit relatives and started feeling ill four or five days later. He said it was not clear how the patient became infected.
There was no risk to any fellow airline passengers because the man had no symptoms when he was travelling, Mr. Frieden said. Ebola symptoms can include fever, muscle pain, vomiting and bleeding, and can appear as long as 21 days after exposure to the virus. The disease is not contagious until symptoms begin, and it takes close contact with bodily fluids to spread.
“The bottom line here is that I have no doubt we will control this importation, or this case of Ebola, so that it does not spread widely in this country,” Mr. Frieden told reporters. “It is certainly possible that someone who had contact with this individual, a family member or other individual, could develop Ebola in the coming weeks,” he added. “But there is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here.”
In Washington, U.S. President Barack Obama was briefed about the diagnosis in a call from Mr. Frieden, the White House said.
Four American aid workers who became infected in West Africa have been flown back to the U.S. for treatment after they became sick. They were cared for in special isolation facilities at hospitals in Atlanta and Nebraska. Three have recovered.
Also, a U.S. doctor exposed to the virus in Sierra Leone is under observation in a similar facility at the National Institutes of Health. The U.S. has only four such isolation units. Asked whether the Texas patient would be moved to one of those specialty facilities, Mr. Frieden said there was no need and virtually any hospital can provide the proper care and infection control.
Dr. Edward Goodman, an epidemiologist at the hospital, said the U.S. was much better prepared to handle the disease than African hospitals, which are often short of doctors, gloves, gowns and masks. “We don’t have those problems. So we’re perfectly capable of taking care of this patient with no risk to other people,” Dr. Goodman said.
After arriving in the U.S. on September 20, the man began to develop symptoms last Wednesday and initially sought care two days later. But he was released. At the time, hospital officials did not know he had been in West Africa. He returned later as his condition worsened.
Blood tests by Texas health officials and the CDC separately confirmed an Ebola diagnosis on Tuesday.
State health officials described the patient as seriously ill. Dr. Goodman said he was able to communicate and was hungry.
The hospital is discussing if experimental treatments would be appropriate, Mr. Frieden said. Since the summer months, U.S. health officials have been preparing for the possibility that an individual traveller could unknowingly arrive with the infection. Health authorities have advised hospitals on how to prevent the virus from spreading within their facilities.
People boarding planes in the outbreak zone are checked for fever, but that does not guarantee that an infected person won’t get through. Liberia is one of the three hardest-hit countries in the epidemic, along with Sierra Leone and Guinea.
Ebola is believed to have sickened more than 6,500 people in West Africa, and more than 3,000 deaths have been linked to the disease, according to the World Health Organization. But even those tolls are probably underestimates, partially because there are not enough labs to test people for Ebola.
Two mobile Ebola labs staffed by American naval researchers arrived this weekend and will be operational this week, according to the U.S. Embassy in Monrovia. The labs will reduce the amount of time it takes to learn if a patient has Ebola from several days to a few hours. The U.S. military also delivered equipment to build a field hospital, originally designed to treat troops in combat zones. The 25-bed clinic will be staffed by American health workers and will treat doctors and nurses who have become infected.
The U.S. is planning to build 17 other clinics in Liberia and will help train more health workers to staff them. Britain has promised to help set up 700 treatment beds in Sierra Leone, and its military will build and staff a hospital in that country. France is sending a field hospital and doctors to Guinea.

EXPRESS 5: Railways may stop paying for counting cash; Dalit mother who carriesexcretaWe recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 9:01 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 9:20 am
We recommend you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. Dalit mother who carries excreta
Nirmal Gram Puraskars to 12 villages in 2010-11 for ‘eliminating open defecation’; in 2011, 6 of 13 awards from Centre to UP went to Budaun district; DM got PM’s award
READ: Budaun won PM award, don’t tell that to Dalit mother who carries excreta on her head
2. Counting losses
Indian Railways is set for a battle against its cashiers who want to retain an archaic rule that allows them to sometimes earn more than their salaries in extra money just for counting cash
READ: Counting losses, Railways may stop paying for counting cash
3. Anti-terror to trade
Aimed at boosting their “strategic partnership” to new levels, India and the United States on Tuesday announced a slew of concrete steps towards collaborating on building a counter-terror platform
READ: Anti-terror to trade: Modi, Obama join hands for ‘model’ partnership
4. The game is open
The after-effects of the Modi tremors have now begun to be felt — not so much in governance or development as in the field of political competition.
READ: The game is open
5. When IOA looks the other way
Sarita had to borrow, $500 required to lodge a protest with AIBA, from her coach Lenin Meitei and an Indian journalist while the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) office-bearers chose not to involve themselves in her case.

Maha polls: Right to recall will make them a...You are here: Home > Collections > Politicians
Maharashtra polls: Right to recall will make them accountable
Oct 1, 2014, 08.58AM IST
Tags:
Alyque Padamse
By Alyque Padamse
What the assembly polls means to most Bombaywallahs? Basically, I must say that my interest in the assembly elections is low. I've realised that these people are going to form the new government.
I will, of course, vote as I have done in every election since I was 18 years old. I am very interested in Independents. Because I've realised party lines don't give you any elbow room. Independents, at least, have their own point of view.
However, once the person is a member of the Congress, BJP or Shiv Sena, we know what they are going to do. I don't like or subscribe to any of the party programmes.
I find that they are all self-serving and they make big promises but fall very short on delivery. It's a kind of hoodwinking the public. Politicians in India have no shame.
Politicians elsewhere do - in the US, for instance - though it's due to the public. We, on the other hand, have no civic sense. As long as our own lives are not interfered with, we continue to say "oh well, too bad, they are horrible people" and we complain to our friends.
We never complain to the actual people who are destroying the very fabric of our lives. For instance, the BMC which has been run, as far as I know, by the Sena for years and years, I have always said we should privatise as many things we can; privatise the BMC.
In many American cities, the services are privatised and if they don't give you good service you can go to court and have them put in place. The other thing I find missing here is that there's no sense of political recall.
In California, for instance the reason Arnold Schwarzenegger became the governor was previous governor Gray Davis was sacked after one year, following a recall election. Politicians here seem to be above the law, and for five years they rule supreme.
I think that is something that makes people feel that voting is a waste of time and that anyone or any party you vote for is going to be the same old thing and they are only interested in grabbing land.
They just want five years. I believe that anyone running for elections, assembly or national, should be forced to put down their promises to the public before a judge and after one year there should be stock-taking. Politicians feel accountability is promises.
That's what's wrong with our democracy. Accountability is, in fact, action. In most well run countries people in public offices are forced to deliver and if they fail to deliver on their promises they are thrown out of office. The Right to Recall is a simple mechanism to keep politicians on their toes. It's time we had a better system for accountability.
(As told to Delshad Irani)
FEATURED ARTICLES

2 suicide bomber attacks in Kabul kill 7  wound21Afghan security forces inspect the site of a suicide attack near the International Airport of Kabul, Afghanistan, Monday, Sept. 29, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Kabul | Posted: October 1, 2014 9:32 am
Afghan police say two suicide bombers in the capital have targeted two buses carrying Afghan army troops, killing seven and wounding 21 people.
Kabul criminal investigation police chief Mohammad Farid Afzali says first attacker Wednesday morning hit a bus with Afghan National Army officers, killing seven and wounding 15 in west Kabul.
The second attacker, who was also on foot, blew himself up in front of a second bus in northeast Kabul, wounding additional army personnel.
Taliban spokesman Zabiullha Mhujahid has claimed responsibility for the attacks.

Hong Kong chief says better to caste vote than watchTVProtesters shout slogans outside a flag-raising ceremony where Hong Kong's embattled leader attended in Hong Kong, Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014, to mark China's National Day. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Hong Kong | Posted: October 1, 2014 9:18 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 10:57 am
Hong Kong’s embattled leader attended a flag-raising ceremony Wednesday to mark China’s National Day after refusing to meet pro-democracy demonstrators despite their threats to expand the street protests that have posed the stiffest challenge to Beijing’s authority since China took control of the former British colony in 1997.
READ: Hong Kong leader says Beijing won’t back down
Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying took part in the ceremony — marking the anniversary of the founding of communist China in 1949 — as hundreds of protesters behind police barricades yelled at him to step down, although they fell silent and turned their backs when the ceremony began.
Helicopters flew past carrying the Hong Kong and Chinese flags, with the latter noticeably bigger.
In a speech, Leung made no direct mention of the protesters, who have blocked streets for days across the city to press demands for genuine democratic reforms for Hong Kong’s first direct elections in 2017 to choose the city’s top leader. Beijing has restricted the voting reforms, requiring candidates to be screened by a committee of mostly pro-Beijing local elites similar to the one who handpicked Leung for the job.
READ: Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters defy tear gas
“It is definitely better to have universal suffrage than not,” Leung said. “It is definitely better to have the chief executive elected by 5 million eligible voters than by 1,200 people. And it is definitely better to cast your vote at the polling station than to stay home and watch on television the 1,200 members of the Election Committee cast their votes.”
As he spoke to a group of dignitaries, pro-democracy lawmaker Leung Kwok-hung shouted for him to step down before he was bundled away by security. Local councilor Paul Zimmerman held up a yellow umbrella — umbrellas used by protesters to deflect police pepper spray have become a symbol of the nonviolent civil disobedience movement.
China took control of Hong Kong under an arrangement that guaranteed its 7 million people semi-autonomy, Western-style civil liberties and eventual democratic freedoms that are denied to Chinese living on the communist-ruled mainland.
The territory’s first direct elections are set for 2017, but the recent move by the Chinese government saying the special committee will screen the candidates is seen as reneging on a promise that the chief executive will be chosen through “universal suffrage.”
Changing that is one of the major demands of the protesters.
The growing protests have attracted worldwide attention, with British Prime Minister David Cameron saying continued…

Home Ministry sends notice to over 10 000 NGOsHome Ministry sends notice to over 10,000 NGOs
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 09.31AM IST
Tags:
Home Ministry
(The ministry under Home…)
New Delhi: In a major crackdown, the Union Ministry of Home Affairs has sent show-cause notices in one go to over 10,000 non-governmental organisations, asking why their licences should not be cancelled after they failed to file their annual returns of foreign receipts.
"The mandatory annual returns for the years 2009-2010, 2010-2011 and 2011-2012 have not been received from the associations whose names appear in the annexure. Notices are being sent to these associations by post at their known addresses," the home ministry said in a notice, listing out 10,331 NGOs.
NGOs that had filed returns should immediately furnish copies and proof of submission, the ministry said. Where returns have not been filed, NGOs have been advised to immediately justify why their registration under the Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act should not be cancelled.
The ministry under Rajnath Singh has been serious about NGOs not filing their annual returns with the Centre. In a report earlier this year, the ministry said it was a "matter of concern" that 22,702 of the 43,527 registered NGOs under FCRA had not filed returns detailing receipts of foreign funds and how they were spent.
The ministry had earlier this year invoked section 46 of FCRA and asked RBI to take prior permission before transferring funds from Greenpeace International and Climate Works Foundation to the bank accounts of Greenpeace India. The ministry told Parliament in August that notices had earlier been sent to 21,493 associations that had not submitted returns for 2006-07, 2007-2008 and 2008-2009.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS  company of the year  races miles ahead ...(Over the past year TCS has…)
Company of the Year: TCS
(The award seeks to recognise a company that has consistently set clear performance benchmarks for the rest of the industry and strived to be a world leader)
Tata Consultancy Services is worth more than its three closest rivals put together — Infosys, Wipro and HCL Technologies. The first company to surpass valuation of Rs 5 lakh crore on the domestic bourses, earlier this year, has been the leader of the Indian information technology industry by a long mile. But over the past year it has also staked its claim to the upper reaches of the global IT sector as it has entered the rarified club of top 10 IT companies in the world.
TCS has overtaken Accenture in headcount and is now second only to International Business Machines in the number of people it employs. It has the lowest attrition rate among the top IT companies and of the 300,000 people on its rolls, a third are women.
Although Accenture's annual revenues were more than double those of TCS' $13.4 billion in the past financial year, the Indian company has posted larger profits over the past two quarters. Moreover, analysts expect it to buck the trend in the IT industry of slower growth in a company as its size increases.
The National Association for Software and Services Companies or Nasscom expects the Indian IT industry to grow 13%-15% in the current financial year. N Chandrasekaran , CEO of TCS has confidently declared that his company will surpass that target.
"Talk to any incumbent Western service provider today, and the one making them all tremble from the subcontinent is TCS," analyst firm HfS said of the company.
Chandrasekaran, who was recently reappointed for a second five-year term at the Mumbai-based IT behemoth, is steering towards more broad-based growth and making the company less dependent on the US financial services industry. He spearheaded an acquisition in Japan that will boost the company's revenue from that large and largely untapped IT market by five times.
Newer technologies like cloud, mobility, social media and analytics are expected to contribute $5 billion to the company's revenues in the next three to five years.
TCS has also overcome a major weakness — lower profitability. For years, Infosys had the best margins in the industry at about 30% in 2008-09. But since then TCS has boosted its offshore utilisation, kept down employee costs and sales expenses, to post the best margins in the industry. TCS had an operating margin of 29.1% in 2013-14 while Infosys achieved 24%.
TCS is well on its way to becoming a true Indian multinational. It operates in 44 countries and is a considered good corporate citizen in all of them. In its largest market, the US, it has taken steps to improve science and technology education and is the title sponsor for the New York Marathon.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex opens in green; tech  pharma  capital goods upYou are here: Home > Collections > Trade
Sensex opens in green; tech, pharma, capital goods up
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 09.33AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The market is losing momentum…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex opened on a positive note led by gains in IT, pharma and capital goods sectors on the back of positive cues from Asian peers.
The market is losing momentum following outflow in the last 10 trading sessions due to a strengthening dollar against other currencies. The trade may turn weak as the session progresses due to truncated week ahead.
At 09:18 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,651.18, up 20.67 points or 0.08 per cent. It touched a high of 26,683.70 and a low of 26,614.22 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 7,962.20, down 2.60 points or 0.03 per cent. It touched a high of 7,977.50 and a low of 7,955.15 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.36 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.43 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Healthcare Index gained 0.89 per cent, the S&P BSE IT Index rose 0.68 per cent and the S&P BSE Capital goods Index moved 0.54 per cent higher.
The S&P BSE Bankex declined 0.27 per cent and the S&P BSE Oil & Gas Index was down 0.13 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fifteen stocks in focus in Wed morning tradeYou are here: Home > Collections
Fifteen stocks in focus in Wednesday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 08.01AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Wednesday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets and SGX Nifty.
The benchmark indices closed flat for second consecutive session amid excessive volatility. In line with market expectation, the RBI governor kept the key policy rate unchanged in the monetary policy .
"We believe it's just a pause prior to next directional move so traders should uphold cautious approach at current juncture," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"Ideally, they should trade low beta counters from FMCG & Pharma space to avoid unmanageable losses. On benchmark front, our negative view will remain intact till the Nifty sustains below 8050 spot," he added.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
IOC, HPCL, BPCL: State oil firms have slashed petrol prices by 65 paise per litre from Wednesday because of falling international oil prices, which may also brighten ruling BJP's prospects in Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections.
SpiceJet & Jet Airways: The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 2,077.62 per kilolitre, or 2.98 per cent, to Rs 67,525.63 per kl, the nation's largest fuel retailer said.
Wipro Ltd: The government has approved the proposals of Wipro Ltd and Mumbai Futuristic Economic Zone to set up SEZs in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra.
IVRCL: Cash strapped infrastructure major IVRCL Ltd has put up Rs 4,000 crore worth of assets for sale and expects to come out of debt burden in the next two years once the sale is successful, a senior official has said.
Reliance Capital Ltd: Laying out an ambitious growth agenda for Reliance Capital, Anil Ambani today said the company would triple the capital deployed in housing finance activities besides looking to double market capitalisation in next three to four years.
Apollo Hospitals Ltd: Healthcare major Apollo Hospitals and global pharma firm Sanofi today joined hands to provide diabetes care programmes through the Indian healthcare major's Apollo Sugar Clinics.
JSW Steel Ltd: Despite rise in input costs and higher duty on import of coking coal, JSW Steel Limited today announced cut in the prices of steel products for the month of October. The company has cut Rs 500-750 per tonne for flat products and Rs 1,000 per tonne for long products, said media reports.
IDFC Ltd: Infrastructure financing company IDFC Ltd has further pared its foreign investment limit to 48 per cent to meet requirements for the banking operations after having granted a licence by RBI earlier this year.
State Bank of India: Deposit rates have started moving down even as Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday kept rates unchanged. State Bank of India said that it has reduced rates on term deposits up to 45 days by one percentage point to 6% - the second downward revision in a month.
Shemaroo Entertainment Ltd: Shemaroo Entertainment Ltd shares will list on Wednesday, October 1, 2014. The equity shares of Shemaroo Entertainment Limited shall be listed and admitted to dealings on the Exchange in the list of 'T' Group of Securities.
Reliance Power: Reliance Power (RPower) plans to invest nearly Rs 50,000 crore in the next five years to undertake various expansion projects, including increasing power generation and coal production.
NTPC: State-run National Thermal Power Corporation today signed a coal-swapping agreement with Gujarat State Electricity Corporation (GSEC) at Gandhinagar to swap 10 lakh metric tonnes (MT) of coal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Morning Bets:  BUY  or  SELL  ideas from expertsYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
'BUY' or 'SELL' ideas from experts for Wednesday, 01 October 2014
ET Now Oct 1, 2014, 08.34AM IST
Tags:
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Wednesday following mutes trend seen in other Asian markets.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Welspun India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 321 and a stop loss of Rs 295
Zensar Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 635 and a stop loss of Rs 611
Colgate Palmolive India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1810 and a stop loss of Rs 1720
Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 218 and a stop loss of Rs 237
DLF Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 140 and a stop loss of Rs 155
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1090 and a stop loss of Rs 1175
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 212 and a stop loss of Rs 197.45
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 364 and a stop loss of Rs 385
Grasim Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 3480 and a stop loss of Rs 3576
Union Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 170 and a stop loss of Rs 194
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 325 and a stop loss of Rs 309
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Colgate Palmolive India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1850 and a stop loss of Rs 1700
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 225 and a stop loss of Rs 194
Berger Paints Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 402 and a stop loss of Rs 368
Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 204 and a stop loss of Rs 239
JSW Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1090 and a stop loss of Rs 1186
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Sun TV Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350 and a stop loss of Rs 329
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 325 and a stop loss of Rs 308
Vijay Bhambwani , Author and CEO at bsplindia.com
DLF Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 147 and a stop loss of Rs 153
ICICI Bank Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1416 and a stop loss of Rs 1451
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Thales  Bharat Electronics Form Joint Venture in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
Thales, Bharat Electronics Form Joint Venture in India
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 05:17 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: Navratna PSU Bharat Electronics and French technology firm Thales on Tuesday announced that the Corporate Affairs Ministry has approved incorporation of their joint venture company, BEL-Thales Systems Limited.
"We are confident that our JV company will benefit from the significant technology transfers and support from Thales, and from the extensive industrial and design skills of BEL," Bharat Electronics chairman and managing director S K Sharma said in a statement.
This joint venture company will primarily focus on designing, development, marketing, supply and support of civilian and select defence radars for domestic and global markets.
The first board meeting of BEL-Thales Systems Limited has been already held on September 26.
BEL holds a 74 per cent stake in the joint venture while Thales holds the remaining 26 per cent.
The initial product portfolio of BEL-THALES Systems will comprise innovative solutions for air surveillance, including Air Traffic Management radars, and select ground-based military radars.
The ultimate objective of the JV is to expand its scope in other fields than radars in the defence electronics domain.
"We will constantly support BEL-Thales Systems to become a centre of excellence, offering solutions specifically aimed at meeting the needs of both Indian and export customers - in line with the government's 'Make in India' approach," Thales managing director in India Eric Lenseigne said.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 05:17 (IST)

Infosys collaborates with Stanford UniversityOct 01, 2014, 09.23 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Infosys collaborates with Stanford University
Infosys, a global leader in technology, consulting and outsourcing, today announced a strategic relationship with the Institute for Computational & Mathematical Engineering (ICME), Stanford University.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Infosys collaborates with Stanford University
Infosys, a global leader in technology, consulting and outsourcing, today announced a strategic relationship with the Institute for Computational & Mathematical Engineering (ICME), Stanford University.
Post your opinion here
 
Infosys Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated September 30, 2014 titled "Infosys Collaborates with Stanford University to Accelerate Education and Research in Data Science and Analytics".  Infosys, a global leader in technology, consulting and outsourcing, today announced a strategic relationship with the Institute for Computational & Mathematical Engineering (ICME), Stanford University.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

PM Narendra Modi leaves for India  thanks US  calls his five-day trip satisfying46
0
Washington: Prime Minister Narendra Modi left for India after his five-day maiden visit to the US. He thanked the US before departure and said he was satisfied with his trip.
Modi said, "Thank you America". I achieved a lot in these five days. I am going back to India very satisfied."
Just before heading to the Washington DC Airport, Modi addressed the US-India Business Council. He said, "I invite you all to come now or the queue will be too long. Let us do good for American investors and for my country."
#narendra modi #barack obama #washington #modi meets america
On the tax system issue, Modi sid, "Tax terrorism should end. The tax system should be easy. I have set up the committee to remove the tax system which is not useful."
On the economic front, Modi said India was making all efforts to move forward with new arena. He said, "For any government, three-four months of experience is not much, but from economic point of view I do not see any reason India to be behind."
After that he directly left for the Andrews Air Force Base, from where his Air India One took off for New Delhi. "My visit has been very successful. From here I am going to airport directly," Modi said.
On the last leg of his visit, Modi met US President Barack Obama in Washington and held bilateral talks with him. Modi left for Frankfurt from Washington DC early Tuesday morning at 4:15 AM.
Modi was hosted for lunch by Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the State Department, following which he drove down to the Capitol Hill for a tea hosted in his honor by Joe Boehner, Speaker of the US House of Representatives.
In the first leg of his five-day US trip, Modi spent four days in New York, where he addressed the annual session of the United Nations General Assembly on September 27, and stormed the Indian American community by addressing the diaspora with a packed Madison Square Garden in the Big Apple on September 28.
In New York, Modi held meetings with a host of top American businessmen including breakfast with CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, while top American leaders like Bill and Hillary Clinton, and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
In all he met more than 50 top US lawmakers and three Governors including South Carolina's Nikki Haley. During his trip, Modi visited the 9/11 Memorial in New York and the Gandhi Statue in Washington DC.
He held a series of meetings with the Indian diaspora, including the dinner that was hosted in his honor wherein he stood for nearly two hours to get photographed with more than 700 Indian-Americans.
(With additional information from PTI)
Thank you USA. PM @narendramodi heads home following successful whirlwind trip to USA. pic.twitter.com/e9T1PTSYOi
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 30, 2014
57

Chinese majority expect war with JapanMajority in China expect war with Japan
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eed84e92-38ca-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BSE tweaks minimum base capital norms to maintain depositsBSE revises minimum base capital norms for maintaining deposits
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 12:40 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) has tweaked the Base Minimum Capital (BMC) norms for brokers, a move that will ensure that the deposits are maintained with the exchange and not with the clearing corporation.
The Base Minimum Capital (BMC) is the deposit maintained by the member of a stock exchange against which no exposure for trades is allowed.
It is meant for meeting contingencies in any segment of the exchange and commensurate with the risks that the broker may bring to the system.
"... All deposits towards BMC will be required to be maintained with (the) exchange," BSE said in a circular.
Currently, the BMC is blocked from the collaterals maintained with the bourse's clearing corporation, ICCL (Indian Clearing Corporation Limited).
"The Exchange (BSE), with ICCL, has initiated the process of segregating and taking over the collateral towards BMC from the collaterals maintained with ICCL," it added.
In the initial phase, the cash equivalent component of BMC collateral, to the extent possible, will be segregated from the collateral deposits maintained with ICCL and kept separately with the exchange.
Any shortfall in BMC collateral taken over by the exchange would be blocked from the collateral deposits of trading member maintained with ICCL.
The bourse said trading members would be intimated on the collaterals that have been taken over from ICCL towards BMC.
Brokers have been asked to ensure that at the time of renewals of fixed deposits (FDs) and bank guarantees (BGs) given as collateral to the clearing corporation, such amounts (to the extent of the shortfall) are deposited with the exchange.
"Trading Members, whose shortfall in BMC is blocked from the collateral deposits maintained with ICCL, shall ensure at the time of renewing their bank guarantees, fixed deposits with BGs/ FDs with ICCL or depositing additional collaterals with ICCL, that FDs/ BGs to the extent of such shortfall is drawn in favour of the BSE and deposited with the exchange," the BSE said.
"Such Trading Members can also voluntarily deposit FDs/ BGs with BSE towards BMC and to that extent the BMC will not be blocked at ICCL," it added.
According to norms, stock brokers or trading members should maintain a minimum capital of Rs 10 lakh in case of trading of securities are done through their own money rather than customer's without using Algo trade.
In 2013, capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has increased the base minimum capital (BMC) deposit for stock brokers to up to Rs 50 lakh, from a maximum of Rs 10 lakh earlier, especially the ones dealing with algorithmic trading (algo), in order to mitigate risks in the market.

BlackBerry not giving up on its handset businessBlackBerry is not giving up on its handset business
Euan Rocha     Toronto   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 12:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Even as BlackBerry pivots to focus more on software and services, the company that gained fame for its smartphones is not giving up on its handset business, two senior executives said.
After recording a gross profit from its weakened handset operation and with roughly 50 million people globally still using its older-generation BlackBerry phones, there is potential in that business, the executives said.
Their remarks came during a frenetic week when BlackBerry reported a much smaller-than-expected loss and launched its square-screened Passport device.
Ron Louks, who heads BlackBerry's devices arm, said now that the company had pared losses, it could afford to take some risks and look at introducing at least one unconventional device each year.
"When it comes to design and being a little bit disruptive, we want that 'wow' factor," Louks said. "Not all of the products will have it, but we definitely have opportunities."
BlackBerry already has another unconventional device in the works, he said, adding that it has already received some positive feedback from carriers on it.
Passport reviews have been mixed. While the device has won praise for its battery life, wide screen and touch-sensitive keyboard, it has been criticised for, among other things, being difficult to operate with one hand.
Louks hinted that BlackBerry was working on a prototype that would be easier to use with a single hand.
" From a roadmap perspective, I'm pretty happy with where we are at for next year," he said in an interview, adding that he also expected demand for the Passport to exceed expectations.
BlackBerry said on Friday that it had already taken about 200,000 orders for the Passport, which went on sale Wednesday and sold out on Amazon.com Inc within six hours.
Speaking with the media after BlackBerry reported quarterly results on Friday, Chief Executive Officer John Chen said the company was likely to show new devices at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in 2015.
"Given the receptivity for the Passport, I know that we'll have at least another generation of that device," said Chen. "I also carry very high hopes for the Classic, and I've spoken with a lot of people that want it ... so I think we will have another iteration on that, and there will be a new concept device too."
The BlackBerry Classic, which bears similarities to the company's once wildly popular Bold smartphone, will be available later this year.
JPMorgan, UBS, BMO and other brokerages raised their share-price targets for BlackBerry on Monday.
(Reuters)

Kem Cho  says US President Barack Obama as he meets PM Narendra Modipicture  others
Narendra Modi meets US President Barack Obama
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama would discuss a range of issues, including ways to accelerate economic growth and bolster security cooperation to deepen the US-India strategic partnership, at their maiden summit meeting. Obama met Modi ahead of the meeting at White House. (Source: Twitter)
"The two leaders will discuss ways to accelerate economic growth, bolster security cooperation, and collaborate in activities that bring long-term benefits to both countries and the world," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said. (Source: Twitter)
Modi and Obama will also focus on regional issues, including current developments in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, where India and the US can work together with partners toward a positive outcome, Josh Earnest added. (Source: Twitter)
Human rights issues may also come up for discussion in the meeting between both the leaders. (Source: Twitter)
Narendra Modi greets John Kerry. (Source: Twitter)
US President Barack Obama greets External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj. (Source: Twitter)
Barack Obama, Sushma Swaraj and John Kerry share a light moment. (Source: Twitter)
Related

Hopes rise of Xi-Abe meetingHopes rise of meeting between China’s President Xi and Japan’s Abe
By David Pilling in Hong Kong and Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ff84e514-4867-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Abe avoids visit to Yasukuni shrineAbe avoids visit to Yasukuni shrine
By Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9726f19c-2463-11e4-ae78-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

August core sector output rises most in two monthsAugust core sector output rises the most in two months
Rajesh Kumar Singh        Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 18:17 IST
Annual infrastructure output growth accelerated to a two-month high of 5.8 per cent in August, government data showed on Tuesday, helped by a jump in steel and coal production.
The output expanded 2.7 per cent year-on-year in July.
The sector, which comprises coal, crude oil, oil refining, natural gas, steel, cement, electricity and fertilisers, accounts for 37.9 per cent of the country's industrial output.
(Reuters)

IS releases third video of British hostageIn this still image taken from an first undated video published on the Internet by Islamic State group militants, captive British journalist John Cantlie speaks into the camera. (AP Photo)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 30, 2014 5:41 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 1:37 pm
A new propaganda video featuring John Cantlie , a British photojournalist captured almost two years ago by Islamic State group in Syria, reading scripted messages has been released by the dreaded terrorist outfit.
Cantlie, seen wearing an orange Guantanamo-style jumpsuit in the five-and-a-half minute video, delivers a speech directly to the camera using a sing-song tone, attacking US President Barack Obama’s strategy in Iraq and Syria.
The 43-year-old, who has worked for newspapers including the Sunday Times, criticises US tactics of using airstrikes and proxy Kurdish and Iraqi ground forces against the Islamic State group, also known as ISIL or ISIS.
Germany announced last month to arm and train the Kurdish Peshmerga forces, who are battling IS militants in Iraq.
“Air power is good at taking out specific targets but it is not good at taking and holding ground,” he said, sitting behind a similar desk setting as before.
“For that you need effective and disciplined troops and it’s hard to see how this hotch-potch army with a long history of underperforming is going to be any form of credible infantry,” he adds.
It was unclear where the video – introduced with the title Lend Me Your Ears and Messages From The British Detainee John Cantlie – was made.
Cantlie added that organising the Iraqi army into a proper fighting force would take months and dismissed the Free Syrian Army as “undisciplined, corrupt and largely ineffective”.
Cantlie was first paraded in front of the cameras two weeks ago, promising a series of videos giving the real story of IS.
It was the first that had been heard from him since he was captured inside Syria close to the border with Turkey towards the end of 2012.
An experienced journalist and photographer, this is Cantlie’s second time being held captive in Syria.

Stay Calm and Carry On: Why its nearly impossible for Ebola to spread in the USEbola
September 30, 2014
Well, it finally happened: The US just got its first case of Ebola . Health officials have confirmed that a man recently admitted to a Dallas hospital has come down with the deadly virus, which has already killed more than 3,000 people in West Africa. The patient was admitted based on both symptoms and “travel history “—presumably he had been in West Africa—and is now being held in “strict isolation,” say officials.
Below are excerpts from an earlier Quartz piece on a New York patient suspected of carrying the Ebola virus that explore why Americans would do well not to panic:
If your Twitter feed is anything like mine, news that Ebola might have turned up in Manhattan is freaking out a lot of Americans. “Helpful” bits of commentary include as that it’s “ deadly uncurable ,” has a 90% fatality rate, and causes “a hemorrhagic fever that eventually leads to a complete bleed-out .” Today’s news merely amplifies the anxiety that’s been building  since word got out that two Americans infected with Ebola have been moved to US hospitals for treatment.
There are plenty of people who should be protecting themselves against Ebola’s spread—and they live in West Africa. Those of us who are in the US should feel comforted by the following:
Ebola’s not airborne. It can only be spread through bodily fluids. The virus spreads when blood, semen, urine, vomit, feces, or other bodily fluids of an infected person come into contact with someone else’s mucus membranes.
And it’s not just any infected person—it’s a symptomatic infected person. People can only catch ebola from someone actually exhibiting symptoms. Those include vomiting, diarrhea, and, in some cases, hemorrhaging of mucus membranes, such as nose, nail beds and eyes—in other words, pretty hard to miss.
It isn’t curable, but people survive it. In fact, this outbreak has a 57% mortality rate—much lower than that oft-cited 90%. Victims die of organ failure, not blood loss.
That pig study doesn’t mean anything. Some people are citing a 2008 study showing airborne Ebola transmission  from pigs to rhesus monkeys (they were never in direct contact with each other). However, as Aetiology explains , this experiment showed merely that pigs seem unusually good at spritzing the air with coughed-up viruses. Avoid Ebola-infected pigs and you’re fine.
Nearly every hospital in the US is equipped to treat Ebola patients and keep them in isolation. And the symptoms, once they set in, are so aggressive that it’s hard to do much of anything except head to the hospital.
Another reason for all the worry is that the media (Quartz included) has tended to zero in on this outbreak’s rapid spread and its being the “deadliest in history.” While both are true, that says way more about the quality of medical care in war-torn, poverty-stricken pockets of West Africa than it does about Ebola’s virulence.
Compare the Mount Sinai response with that Liberian hospitals, which are so packed that they’re having to turn away Ebola patients . The country is running out of rubber gloves , and the health ministry just dumped 37 Ebola-infected corpses in a swampy, open hole near a (so far, relatively healthy) village. Those aren’t first-world problems.
Scott Z. Burns, who wrote the screenplay for Contagion, notes that Americans tend to freak out about “the monster we can see”—in this case, that would mean the gruesome images of Ebola victims bleeding from their faces—while ignoring more familiar but no less deadly risks. He has a point; thanks to the anti-vaccine movement, measles cases in the US have surged nearly fourfold since last year.
Share this:

No softening of rates in near future: bankersBusiness Line
Mumbai/Kochi, September 30:  
Considering the fact that credit has not picked up much and the system has sufficient liquidity and corporates have various avenues for raising funds and investment climate is yet to turn around, going forward, banks may reduce the deposit rates as has been done by some large banks, TM Bhasin, Chairman, IBA and Chairman & Managing Director, Indian Bank, said.
Chanda Kochhar, MD & CEO, ICICI Bank, said overall, today’s policy takes forward the development of the new monetary policy framework and the approach to banking system development, while ensuring that global requirements are implemented in a non-disruptive manner and factoring in the Indian scenario.
VR Iyer, CMD, Bank of India, said inflation targets for 2015 and 2016 appear to be within reach as of now. “We do not expect any movement in interest rates in near future as a consequence of policy measures.”
Shyam Srinivasan, MD and CEO of Federal Bank, said the tone of the Reserve Bank’s monetary policy announcement is dovish as curtailing inflation is its focus. However a softening on rates could be expected in a few quarters.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Business outlook  consumer confidence improve in Q2: RBI surveyBusiness outlook, consumer confidence improve in Q2: RBI survey
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, September 30:  
Business outlook and consumer confidence in the country have improved during the second quarter of the current financial year compared to the year-ago period.
However, there is reduced optimism on the finance and exports front, according to the Industrial Outlook Survey, July-September 2014 released by the Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday.
The survey, the first after the formation of the new Government at the Centre, showed increased optimism in percentage points ranging from less than 100 basis points to 300 basis points in production, order books, capacity utilisation and employment, among others.
For instance, the selling price expectations had improved from 12.5 to 13.3, while optimism on profit margins turned positive from -2.3 to one.
“The business outlook of the Indian manufacturing sector as inferred from movements in the Business Expectations Index (BEI) showed improvement for the second quarter at 106.2 (105.2),’’ RBI said.
The increase in the composite index was due to higher optimism in capacity utilisation, imports, production and cost of raw materials, it added.
But things appear to be not moving well in the key areas of finance and exports as expectations showed reduced optimism on availability of finance, and exports which came down to 19.7 per cent from 20.6 per cent.
The survey was based on the response elicited from 1,225 manufacturing companies.
Confidence
The consumer confidence survey also echoed a similar sentiment. There was an improvement in consumer confidence as measured by the Current Situation Index (CSI) which rose by 4.6 percentage points over the previous quarter.
This was due to improvement in positive perception on all parameters except prices, the RBI said. Interestingly, there seems to be no great expectations about the future as the Future Expectations Index remained at the same level as in the last round of the survey.
The survey was based on responses received from 5,200 selected individuals/households spread across six cities — Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Mumbai and New Delhi.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Rajan warns of unhedged foreign currency exposureRajan warns of unhedged foreign currency exposure
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, September 30:  
In a warning to India Inc, the Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday said the corporates’ unhedged foreign currency exposure is significantly higher than what ought to be and they cannot be overly complacent about it.
“We are monitoring (the unhedged foreign currency exposure) but the data on this is not as good as what one might think.
“Our sense is that this exposure is significantly higher than what ought to be. And people are getting a little too comfortable with the stability of the rupee,” said RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan in a post-policy interaction.
He said people should note that even though the rupee seems like it has been depreciating but that is primarily against the dollar. But if one looks at other countries and takes a six-country average or a 36-country average, which the RBI does, the rupee has actually been appreciating.
“Given that I don’t think they (India Inc) should be overly comfortable and leave positions unhedged. Volatility does emerge at times which are unexpected.
“While we are not targeting a level of the exchange rate, we try to monitor undue volatility. This does not mean no volatility and does not mean that the exchange rate will not adjust to fundamental changes,” said Rajan.
Rajan said people should not be overly complacent about leaving foreign currency exposures unhedged as time and again it does come back to hit companies.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Modi  Obama vow to take ties to new levelsModi, Obama vow to take ties to new levels
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama shake hands after briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday. - PTI
Washington, Sept 30:  
In their first summit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama today pledged to push the bilateral relationship to “new levels”, resolve issues blocking implementation of the civil nuclear deal and cooperate in counter terrorism.
During their hour-long discussions, which covered a broad range of issues including economic cooperation, trade and investment, Modi raised the demand for easier access to Indian services in the US.
After the two countries reached an agreement on extending their defence cooperation for ten more years, the Prime Minister invited American companies to participate in Indian defence manufacturing sector.
The discussions, the first formal meeting between the two leaders spread over delegation and restricted levels, covered terrorism in South Asia and emerging threats in West Asia.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said: “I am happy that we are meeting here just a few days after the India US missions reached Mars at the same time. After the India-US summit on the Mars we are meeting on earth.
I requested Obama to take steps to facilitate easier access to services in the US. We are committed to taking forward the civil nuclear cooperation agreement. We are serious about resolution of issues to enable civil nuclear energy cooperation to take off.
We discussed emerging terrorism challenges in South Asia and new threats of terrorism in West Asia and beyond. We intensify cooperation in counter terrorism and intelligence.”
The Prime Minister has invited Obama and family to visit India.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Imran Khans threat to Pakistan democracySeptember 14, 2014 5:40 pm
Imran Khan’s threat to Pakistan democracy
Cricketing hero’s anti-Sharif campaign is overstepping the mark
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bbb645ba-39c3-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

True potential of Indo-US ties yet to be fully realised  need to work together: Obama-Modi joint editorial20
0
New Delhi: 'Chalein saath saath, Together, forward we go'. That's how US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi capped off their much-anticipated joint editorial in the Washington Post on Tuesday. The article spoke of a renewed Indo-US partnership in the 21st century.
"India and the United States are bound by common values and mutual interests. Through our joint efforts, our natural and unique partnership can help shape international security and peace for years to come," the article stated.
ALSO SEE Full Text: Obama-Modi joint editorial in the Washington Post
The two leaders, however, admitted in the article that the "true potential" of Indo-US ties was "yet to be fully realised". "When we meet today in Washington, we will discuss ways in which we can boost manufacturing and expand affordable renewable energy, while sustainably securing the future of our common environment," the article said.
#narendra modi #barack obama #joint editorial #washington post
Below are some of the key snippets from the article:
"We will discuss ways in which our businesses, scientists and governments can partner as India works to improve the quality, reliability and availability of basic services, especially for the poorest of citizens."
"An immediate area of concrete support is the "Clean India" campaign, where we will leverage private and civil society innovation, expertise and technology to improve sanitation and hygiene throughout India."
"While our shared efforts will benefit our own people, our partnership aspires to be larger than merely the sum of its parts.  While India benefits from the growth generated by U.S. investment and technical partnerships, the United States benefits from a stronger, more prosperous India. We remain committed to the larger effort to integrate South Asia and connect it with markets and people in Central and Southeast Asia."
"we are committed to enhancing our homeland security by sharing intelligence, through counterterrorism and law-enforcement cooperation, while we jointly work to maintain freedom of navigation and lawful commerce across the seas."
"Our health collaboration will help us tackle the toughest of challenges, whether combating the spread of Ebola, researching cancer cures or conquering diseases such as tuberculosis, malaria and dengue."
"That we both have satellites orbiting Mars tells its own story. The promise of a better tomorrow is not solely for Indians and Americans: It also beckons us to move forward together for a better world."
"This is the central premise of our defining partnership for the 21st century. Forward together we go - chalein saath saath."

Full Text: Obama-Modi joint editorial in the Washington Post86
1
New Delhi: The much-anticipated joint editorial by US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi was published in the Washington Post on Tuesday. The article spoke of a renewed Indo-US partnership in the 21st century.
"India and the United States are bound by common values and mutual interests. Through our joint efforts, our natural and unique partnership can help shape international security and peace for years to come," the article stated.
The two leaders, however, admitted that the "true potential" of Indo-US ties was "yet to be fully realised". "The true potential of our relationship has yet to be fully realized. When we meet today in Washington, we will discuss ways in which we can boost manufacturing and expand affordable renewable energy, while sustainably securing the future of our common environment," the article said.
The much-anticipated joint editorial by US President Barack Obama and PM Narendra Modi was published in the Washington Post on Tuesday.
#modi meets america #narendra modi us visit #obama modi joint editorial #joint editorial
Below is the full text of the article:
As nations committed to democracy, liberty, diversity and enterprise, India and the United States are bound by common values and mutual interests. We have each shaped the positive trajectory of human history, and through our joint efforts, our natural and unique partnership can help shape international security and peace for years to come.
Ties between the United States and India are rooted in the shared desire of our citizens for justice and equality. When Swami Vivekananda presented Hinduism as a world religion, he did so at the 1893 World's Parliament of Religions in Chicago. When Martin Luther King Jr. sought to end discrimination and prejudice against African Americans, he was inspired by Mahatma Gandhi's nonviolent teachings. Gandhiji himself drew upon the writings of Henry David Thoreau.
As nations, we've partnered over the decades to deliver progress to our people. The people of India remember the strong foundations of our cooperation. The food production increases of the Green Revolution and the Indian Institutes of Technology are among the many products of our collaboration.
Today our partnership is robust, reliable and enduring, and it is expanding. Our relationship involves more bilateral collaboration than ever before - not just at the federal level but also at the state and local levels, between our two militaries, private sectors and civil society. Indeed, so much has happened that, in 2000, then-Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee could declare that we are natural allies.
After many years of growing cooperation since, on any given day, our students work together on research projects, our scientists develop cutting-edge technology and senior officials consult closely on global issues. Our militaries conduct joint exercises in air, on land and at sea, and our space programs engage in unprecedented areas of cooperation, leading us from Earth to Mars. And in this partnership, the Indian American community has been a vibrant, living bridge between us. Its success has been the truest reflection of the vitality of our people, the value of America's open society and the strength of what we can do when we join together.
Still, the true potential of our relationship has yet to be fully realized. The advent of a new government in India is a natural opportunity to broaden and deepen our relationship. With a reinvigorated level of ambition and greater confidence, we can go beyond modest and conventional goals. It is time to set a new agenda, one that realizes concrete benefits for our citizens.
This will be an agenda that enables us to find mutually rewarding ways to expand our collaboration in trade, investment and technology that harmonize with India's ambitious development agenda, while sustaining the United States as the global engine of growth. When we meet today in Washington, we will discuss ways in which we can boost manufacturing and expand affordable renewable energy, while sustainably securing the future of our common environment.
We will discuss ways in which our businesses, scientists and governments can partner as India works to improve the quality, reliability and availability of basic services, especially for the poorest of citizens. In this, the United States stands ready to assist. An immediate area of concrete support is the "Clean India" campaign, where we will leverage private and civil society innovation, expertise and technology to improve sanitation and hygiene throughout India.

Modi  Sharif likely to meet at SAARC summit in November: Government sourcesmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Inside Apples one-day Watch pop-up at Paris Fashion WeekFashion
September 30, 2014
PARIS—If the Apple Watch is going to be the company’s next big hit , it can’t just be sold as a tech gadget—it has to stand on its own as a luxury fashion product, too.
So expect to see more efforts like Apple’s special pop-up today at Paris Fashion Week. The company took over a section of Colette —a cool, high-end concept boutique—for a one-day-only Apple Watch exhibition.
The day started early with a try-on event for fashion VIPs—including the likes of Chanel designer Karl Lagerfeld and Vogue editor Anna Wintour—hosted by Jony Ive, Apple’s head of design, and Marc Newson, its newest high-profile design hire.
For the rest of the day, Apple hosted the public in a small section of Colette, offering anyone the chance to see the Watch inside glass display cases. When we arrived in the early afternoon, about a couple dozen people were lined up outside to get in.
Tap image to zoom
(Quartz/Dan Frommer)
No one at the public event could try on the watch or access any of its software. Most people simply lined up to gawk and take photos.
Tap image to zoom
(Quartz/Dan Frommer)
Colette is the sort of high-fashion store that many expect to be a key part of Apple’s retail strategy for the Watch, especially the luxury “Edition” version. In its gadget section, Colette sells an unlocked iPhone 6 for €1,500, and fancy jeweled iPhone 5S devices for as much as €3,100.
Tap image to zoom
(Quartz/Dan Frommer)
Apple has two beautiful retail stores in Paris, at the Louvre and in the Opera district. So that it chose to use Colette for today’s pop-up suggests that the company is tailoring its strategy—and gets fashion pretty well.
Tap image to zoom
(Quartz/Dan Frommer)
Still unknown: What exactly the finished Apple Watch will do, or when it will launch. But expect more sightings, especially around fashion and celebrity events.
Share this:

Globe-trotting Abe promotes Japan© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ac9c0a44-1653-11e4-93ec-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

iPhone 6  bent phone  firm margin© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/73c28486-4417-11e4-8abd-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

 Bankers Rule Out Slashing Lending RatesYou are here: Home Your Money
Bankers Rule Out Slashing Lending Rates
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 05:23 (IST)
Kisan Vikas Patra Vs Bank FD: What You Should Know
Mumbai: Bankers on Tuesday ruled out lowering deposit and lending rates in the near future after the Reserve Bank left all the key policy rates unchanged.
While large banks skirted a direct answer on re-pricing of assets or liabilities, Bank of India head V R Iyer was very forthcoming, saying there is no room for any rate cut soon.
"We do not expect any movement in interest rates in near future as a consequence of policy measures," Mr Iyer said.
On deposit rates, Chanda Kochhar, ICICI Bank MD, said her bank doesn't wait for a year to change deposit rates and they watch them on a dynamic basis.
"It is the question of not just the rates across the system, but a question of your own liquidity situation as well as the credit offtake that you see. I think today everyone is kind of balancing that...there is no change immediately on cards, but that doesn't mean that one will wait for a year to see it (rate cut)," she said.
HDFC Bank Managing Director Aditya Puri highlighted correlation between credit-deposit rates and credit demand.
"Both the lending and deposit rates are a function of credit demand, which currently is not exceedingly healthy. If credit demand picks you would see a lowering on deposit rates," Mr Puri said, addressing the press at the customary post-policy meeting at the RBI headquarters.
SBI Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said RBI's move was widely expected.
"The RBI move to maintain status quo was as per market expectations. The policy statement reinforces that any adjustments in the repo rate will be data dependent in future, but in the same breath mentions that near-term inflation risks are on the downside and that disinflationary trends are getting entrenched."
However, she was quick to add that the tone of the policy seemed a bit dovish compared to March. "There are disinflationary trends which are now getting entrenched," Ms Bhattacharya said.
Describing the policy stance as on expected lines, Ms Kochhar said the move underscores the stability of thinking in monetary policy. She welcomed inclusion of SLR securities up to 5 per cent in the computation of liquidity coverage ratio (LCR).
 

Core sector output accelerates in Aug on steel  coal  power boostCore sector output accelerates in Aug on steel  coal  power boost
http://usat.ly/1DX4fQNFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Green is the new red for Coke Life opening
Coke has spent billion of dollars linking its brand to red. But for a product dubbed Coke Life that it's recently began to test in the UK, the can is green as grass
Post to Facebook
Green is the new red for Coke Life opening Coke has spent billion of dollars linking its brand to red. But for a product dubbed Coke Life that it's recently began to test in the UK, the can is green as grass Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YP2Tqv
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
22
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Green is the new red for Coke Life opening
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 3:46 a.m. EDT October 1, 2014
8 oz. glass bottle of Coca-Cola Life.?Coca-Cola Life is our first reduced-calorie cola sweetened with a blend of sugar and stevia leaf extract.
(Photo: Bruce  Smith Coca-Cola)
26810 CONNECT 216 TWEET 58 LINKEDIN 22 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Coke has spent billions linking its brand to the color red.
Red labels on its bottles.  Red logos in its ads.  And, of course, its iconic red cans.
But it's recently begun selling a new product dubbed Coca-Cola Life in bottles with green labels in limited parts of the Southern U.S. -- and in green cans in U.K. It's a "mid-calorie" cola -- not a diet cola nor a full-calorie one.
For Coca-Cola Life, green is the new red.
What gives? Green is the color of 7-Up. And the Starbucks siren. And the Jolly Green Giant.
A Starbucks logo on July 28 in Shanghai.
(Photo: Johannes Eisele, AFP/Getty Images)
Coca-Cola even embraced its own redness back in the 1980's with this slogan: Red, White and You.
But for Coca-Cola -- whose carbonated soft drink sales in both the diet and non-diet sectors have been on the steady decline -- the color rule book appears to have been tossed out the window for Coca-Cola Life.
Until the beverage launches nationally -- due sometime in November -- Coke executives decline to discuss the Coca-Cola Life marketing strategy.
Coca-Cola bringing back surge
But by the time that national rollout takes place, Coke Life will have "expanded packaging options across the country," says spokeswoman Katie Condon.  That likely means not only green bottle labels but green Coca-Cola Life cans, too.
The major marketing issue isn't just whether or not consumers will buy into a mid-calorie cola -- something that's not previously been a big hit domestically. But just as important, will consumers buy into Coke served from green can or poured out of a bottle with a green label?
Coca-Cola Life already has had some success in Argentina, Chile, Great Britain, Sweden and Mexico.  The company declines to discuss its sales now -- in eight-ounce glass bottles -- at the Fresh Market grocery store locations across Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and South and Central Florida.
But, if you ask branding gurus -- as we did -- green's got game.
Three marketing and color experts contacted by USA TODAY give Coke trend points for going green.  Coca-Cola Life, after all, is mid-calorie product that's sweetened with a combination of sugar and Stevia, a sweetener perceived as natural because it's made from the leaves of a plant.
Soda giants' deal too sweet to buy: Our view
"It may seem odd because we're so used to seeing Coca-Cola in red," says Kate Smith, president of Sensational Color, a corporate color consulting firm. "But green is the color we associate with natural and fresh.  They're just trying to reinforce that Stevia is a natural sweetener."
While red has been cemented into the minds of Boomers as Coke's color, that's not necessarily the case with the key Millennial market, says Smith.
Since the current trend among Millennials is away from diet sodas as well as sodas loaded with sugar, the move from red to green could work, concurs Leeann Leahy, president of The Via Agency, an ad agency in Portland, Maine.  "The benefit of the natural green really stands out in a category that's so blue, silver and red."
Green not only connotes refreshing -- but also healthful, invigorating and even life-sustaining, says Leatrice Eiseman, executive director of the Pantone Color Institute.  But, warns Eiseman, "it is a stretch -- and a bit iffy -- as to whether or not the consumer will translate those 'healthier' properties to a soft drink."
26810 CONNECT 216 TWEET 58 LINKEDIN 22 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YP2Tqv
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

ADVISORY-Hong Kong markets shut for public holidays Wednesday  ThursdayADVISORY-Hong Kong markets shut for public holidays Wednesday  Thursday
Special bench of Karnataka HC to hear Jayalalithaa s bail plea todayOct 01, 2014 at 08:01am IST
Special bench of Karnataka HC to hear Jayalalithaa's bail plea today
22
0
Chennai: A special vacation bench of the Karnataka High Court will hear former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa's bail plea on Wednesday. Her lawyers filed a plea seeking a speedy hearing of the case against her after the Karnataka High Court had put off her bail plea hearing till Monday which would have meant that Jaya would have had to stay in jail for a week.
The former chief minister has been behind bars since Saturday when she was convicted in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case and sentenced to 4 years in jail by a special court in Bangalore on September 27. All cinema halls in the state continue to be closed in solidarity with Jayalalithaa.
The AIADMK chief is presently lodged in VVIP cell number 23 in the Central Prison at Parappana Agrahara on the outskirts of Bangalore.
The former chief minister has been behind bars since Saturday when she was convicted in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case.
#jayalalithaa #karnataka #aiadmk #mn reddi
There were reports that Jayalalithaa has not been keeping well and has to be shifted to a hospital soon. However, Bangalore Police Commissioner MN Reddi denied the reports and said, "We usually write to a couple of government hospitals routinely when there is a Z+ security person in city, to keep ward ready as a precaution. We have written in the same way to two hospitals. Public is requested not to pay heed to any such rumours of her ill health."
3

PM Narendra Modi leaves for India  thanks USPM Narendra Modi leaves for India  thanks US
Time was ripe for policy accommodation for growth: Rana KapoorTime was ripe for policy accommodation for growth: Rana Kapoor
Apollo and Sanofi to jointly expand sugar clinics for diabeticsApollo and Sanofi to jointly expand sugar clinics for diabetics
Sterling falls to two-week low vs dollar  gains against euroSterling falls to two-week low vs dollar  gains against euro
Maharashtra polls: BJP broke alliance with Sena as it wanted to tie up with NCP  says Uddhav24
0
Mumbai: As Maharashtra is heading for a multi-cornered battle, political parties are accusing each other for breaking the alliance.  Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has accused its former ally Bharatiya Janata Party of breaking the 25-year-old partnership. In his first interview after parting ways with the BJP, Uddhav said the former wanted to tie up with the Nationalist Congress Party.
Uddhav said, "The talks doing the round is that the BJP broke the alliance with Shiv Sena as it may join hands with the NCP."
On the question of next chief minister if Maharashtra, Uddhav said if someone dared me, I will be the Chief Minister.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #shiv sena #bjp
He said, "If the opposition dares me, I'm ready to be the chief minister of Maharashtra. I will prove myself. I have the support of Maharashtra people and the blessings of Bala Saheb and other ancestors.
The Shiv Sena and BJP broke the alliance over the seat sharing issue for Maharashtra Assembly elections. The Sena was adamant on contesting on at least 150 seats and the BJP demanded 130 seats for itself and 12 for other allies.
Both the parties refused to budge on the issue to resolve the impasse.
Uddhav said, "What's wrong with demanding 151 seats? If we took one seat of Goa from them, we gave them two seats in return. What happened suddenly that Shiv Sena became so small and BJP became so big? My agenda is of Hindutava and Marathi. Earlier, we used to discuss seat sharing in the state level. For the first time the BJP sent its representative from the Centre."
The voting to elect the 288-member Assembly is on October 15 and the counting is on October 19.
10

Modi  Obama announce better trade ties  joint fight against terrorModi, Obama announce better trade ties, joint fight against terror
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, September 30, 2014
First Published: 20:33 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:59 IST(1/10/2014)
India and the United States on Tuesday announced significantly expanded cooperation in defence, trade, infrastructure and, especially, counter-terrorism action against the Lashkar-e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, D company, the Haqqani network and al Qaeda.
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives for a meeting with US President Barack Obama at the White House. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama speak after a meeting in the Oval Office of the White House. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves as he arrives at the White House in Washington DC for a meeting with US President Barack Obama. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi end their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington. (Reuters Photo)
US President hosts Prime Minister Narendra Modi for dinner at the White House in Washington. The two leaders broke the ice by exchanging anecdotes in their political graphs. (Photo courtesy: ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with US President Barack Obama at the White House dinner. (Photo courtesy: Twitter, @MEAIndia)
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama of the United States with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
US President Barack Obama greets external affairs minister Sushama Swaraj at the White House in Washington US Secretary of State John Kerry is seen on the left. (PTI Photo)
A “joint and concerted effort” will be made by the two countries to dismantle these outfits, an Indian government official told reporters. But he gave few details and refused to elaborate.  Joint Statement during the visit of Prime Minister to USA
The two sides also agreed to speed up implementation of the civil nuclear deal, announced in 2005, with the help of an interagency platform.
And they agreed on renewing the defence cooperation framework for another 10 years, though it would be signed when they are through with the details.
Live Blog Modi in America
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama met for over two hours in the morning at an expanded delegation-level meeting and then in a more restricted format without aides.
 
Emphasising that India supports trade facilitation, Modi told Obama that a solution must be found to its concerns over food security at the World Trade Organisation. “We had an open discussion on the WTO issue. We support trade facilitation but a solution that takes care of our food security must be found,” the PM said.
India had taken a tough stand over food security at the WTO talks in Geneva in July, refusing to ratify the WTO’s Trade Facilitation Agreement without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution to its public food stock-holding issue for food security purposes.
“My conversation with President Obama has reinforced my conviction that India and the US are natural global partners, based on our shared values, interests and strengths in the digital age,” Modi said from prepared remarks in Hindi after the bilateral meeting.
Read: Modi, Obama raise the bar for bilateral ties in joint oped
Obama said his discussion with Modi over dinner on Monday night were mostly about the economy, but that they focussed on the international situation and security issues on Tuesday. “We addressed challenges in West Asia and violent extremism, the fight against ISIS,” he said.
But Indian officials said there was no request from the US for India to join the coalition against ISIS, a possibility speculated about in the run-up to the summit.
The two spoke of a “peaceful transition of power in Afghanistan and the need to work together to ensure stability”.
There will be a joint statement on the outcome of the talks but it had not been issued till late Tuesday. A large number of initiatives were agreed upon in the areas of urban development, sanitation and infrastructure.
“This visit can be scored as a success for the very basic reason that it took place,” said Michael Kuglemanm, a South Asia expert at Wilson Center. “Modi could have declined Obama’s invitation to come to Washington, or deferred it indefinitely. Instead, he accepted it and took full advantage of his time in Washington. This is a strong signal of his intention to move beyond the past and to get this relationship back on track.”
After their Oval Office meeting, Obama and Modi travelled together to the Martin Luther King Jr memorial on the National Mall, a few blocks from the White House. Modi was initially to go alone to pay homage to the activist leader but in a last minute change, the American President decided to join him.

Japan volcano death toll likely to rise as more victims foundJapan volcano toll hits 43 as new bodies found
AFP
print
Seven more bodies have been found by rescuers combing the peak of a Japanese volcano that erupted at the weekend, officials said Wednesday, taking the death toll to at least 43.
The seven are in addition to the 36 already known to have died when Mount Ontake burst angrily to life during the busy hiking season, but may not be the last, with reports of more bodies lying near the peak.
"Rescuers found seven more people in cardiac arrest near the mountain top, and are now carrying them down," an official in Otaki village, where one mountain trail begins, told AFP.
Climbers descend Mount Ontake in central Japan Sunday morning. (AP Photo)
Only doctors can declare someone officially dead, so first responders typically report that someone's heart has stopped and they are not breathing.
The find comes after media reports suggested as many as 20 people remain unaccounted for, with an area of the volcano still out of bounds to rescuers as it continues to billow toxic gas and steam.
Some of the around 1,000 troops, police and firefighters combing the volcano succeeded in bringing down 14 of the bodies that were discovered on Sunday, with 10 more still there.
An official at Nagano prefecture's crisis management office said helicopters had been used to ferry the dead from the mountain, whose pock-marked lunarscape bears witness to the huge volume of ask and rocks that were flung from the volcano.
'People still missing' -
"We believe there are more people still missing, but we don't know how many they are," he added.
Broadcaster NHK said rescuers had seen more bodies that they had not yet been able to go to.
Hiking is an incredibly popular pastime in Japan, with mountain trails promoted by tourism officials who ask walkers to sign in when they begin their trek and sign out again when they finish.
But a local tourism association told the Asahi Shimbun "usually only 10 to 20 percent of hikers register their names with authorities before entering the mountains in high season".
The report said 327 hikers had registered to be on Mount Ontake at the time of the eruption.
Rescuers are hoping that many of those that cannot be contacted simply forgot to let mountain managers know they were safe.
Nagano Prefecture has posted a notice on its website calling for information on hikers on the list.
However, there exists the grisly possibility that many more perished.
"We don't know if there are people buried deep down under accumulated ash," a senior police official told the Asahi.
The local fire department said 71 people are missing, it said, while the Nagano prefectural police has received hundreds of reports of people whose whereabouts are unknown, a police spokesman told AFP.
Authorities cautioned that some of these reports would likely have nothing to do with the disaster, which happened without warning during a busy weekend.
Hundreds of people were on the slopes of the volcano as rocks, ash and smoke poured from the fractured crater. Many made it down safely, but dozens were trapped on the peak.
Autopsies carried out on the first 12 people whose bodies were retrieved showed they all died from injuries caused by rocks hurled high into the air by the eruption.
Aerial footage showed a sticky blanket of ash smothering the upper slopes where craters that appeared to be up to a metre (three feet) across revealed where some of the projectiles had landed.
The roof of one of the huts near the caldera, where hikers are believed to have sought shelter, had been punctured by rocks as they plunged back to earth.
Volcanic tremors have been detected constantly since Saturday's eruption, with underground water boiling into steam and breaking or moving rocks, a vulcanologist at the meteorological agency said.
The agency warned Wednesday the eruption was still under way, and noted that smoke had been seen issuing from the volcano as of 9:00am.

Jackpot: Stocks that hit 40% gains in thirdEMAIL
AP
Want to make 40% on your money in three months? Who doesn’t? These stocks actually delivered a jackpot in the third quarter.
There are six stocks in the broad Standard & Poor’s 1500 index, including materials company Century Aluminum (CENX) , VASCO Data Security (VDSI) and United States Steel (X) that jumped 40% or more during the third quarter, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
There’s no question that a 40% gain was not the norm during the quarter. The S&P 500 index inched up just 0.6% during the quarter. No, that’s not exactly awe-inspiring performance, but it’s not bad enough to make investors wish they’d stayed away. Besides, the quarter was relatively drama-free making the ho-hum returns tolerable.
But investors looking for more action definitely had plenty of options. Century Aluminum, seller of the metal alloy in the U.S. and Iceland, soared 68% during the third quarter. The company turned a profit of an adjusted 22 cents a share in the quarter ended in June. Investors loved that — not just because it snapped a streak of losing money for four quarters but it beat expectations by 22%. The stock has come off lately, but it has still had a monster quarter.
Another huge winner during the quarter was U.S. Steel. Ending years of pain, the steel maker’s stock is up 53% during the third quarter. The steel company is also marching back into the black. U.S. Steel is expected to earn $1.17 a share on an adjusted basis in the third quarter, reversing a year-ago loss of 14 cents a share, S&P Capital IQ says.
If you didn’t own these stocks during the third quarter, sorry. At least you can look at the pictures — and be glad the quarter wound up fine for most.
And don’t think it’s a good idea to blindly jump on these stocks if you missed them. Two of the stocks United Therapeutics (UTHR) and International Rectifier (IRF) have already jumped past analysts’ 18-month price targets. International Rectifier is being bought. And two of the stocks, including U.S. Steel, are rated hold.
Company

Prime Property: Booster dose for realtyLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prime Property: Booster dose for realty
We may soon have the much talked about regulator, the Narendra Modi government promises to table the bill for the regulator in the winter session of parliament. Manasvi Ghelani has more details.
Post your opinion here

Sensex opens lower on weakness in banking  FMCG  oil stocksSensex closes lower; ITC, Reliance stocks fall
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 16:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The BSE Sensex fell on Wednesday as blue-chips such as ITC declined as traders refrained from building positions in a holiday truncated week, while foreign investor sales also weighed on sentiment.
Markets will be shut until Monday and re-open for trading on Tuesday.
ITC provisionally fell 1.6 per cent while Reliance Industries ended 2 per cent lower.
The benchmark BSE Sensex provisionally closed 0.23 percent lower, while the broader Nifty lost 0.24 percent, also marking their lowest close since September 25.
(Reuters)

Sensex  Nifty rangebound; top fifteen stocks in focusYou are here: Home > Collections > Maharashtra
Sensex, Nifty rangebound; top fifteen stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 10.37AM IST
Tags:
Anil Ambani
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a narrow range on Wednesday, led by gains in Infosys, TCS , Wipro, Hero MotoCorp and Sun Pharma.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also pared early morning gains and was trading around its crucial psychological level of 7950, weighed down by losses in banks, FMCG, realty and metal stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,640.18, up 10.67 points or 0.04 per cent. It touched a high of 26,683.70 and a low of 26,587.15 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 7,965.20, up 1.5 points or 0.01 per cent. It touched a high of 7,977.50 and a low of 7,952.20 in trade today.
"We believe it's just a pause prior to next directional move so traders should uphold cautious approach at current juncture," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"Ideally, they should trade low beta counters from FMCG & Pharma space to avoid unmanageable losses. On benchmark front, our negative view will remain intact till the Nifty sustains below 8050 spot," he added.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
IOC, HPCL, BPCL: State oil firms have slashed petrol prices by 65 paise per litre from Wednesday because of falling international oil prices, which may also brighten ruling BJP's prospects in Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections.
At 10:00 a.m.; IOC was trading 0.6 per cent higher at Rs 364.55, HPCL was up 1.06 per cent to Rs 487.80 and BPCL was trading 0.12 per cent higher at Rs 656.40.
SpiceJet & Jet Airways: The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 2,077.62 per kilolitre, or 2.98 per cent, to Rs 67,525.63 per kl, the nation's largest fuel retailer said.
At 10:00 a.m.; SpiceJet was trading 3.3 per cent higher at Rs 12.73 and Jet Airways was up 2.4 per cent to Rs 213.30.
Wipro Ltd: The government has approved the proposals of Wipro Ltd and Mumbai Futuristic Economic Zone to set up SEZs in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.9 per cent higher at Rs 614.
IVRCL: Cash strapped infrastructure major IVRCL Ltd has put up Rs 4,000 crore worth of assets for sale and expects to come out of debt burden in the next two years once the sale is successful, a senior official has said.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 7.4 per cent higher at Rs 16.60.
Reliance Capital Ltd: Laying out an ambitious growth agenda for Reliance Capital , Anil Ambani today said the company would triple the capital deployed in housing finance activities besides looking to double market capitalisation in next three to four years.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.5 per cent lower at Rs 452.75.
Apollo Hospitals Ltd: Healthcare major Apollo Hospitals and global pharma firm Sanofi today joined hands to provide diabetes care programmes through the Indian healthcare major's Apollo Sugar Clinics.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.7 per cent higher at Rs 1140.
JSW Steel Ltd: Despite rise in input costs and higher duty on import of coking coal, JSW Steel Limited today announced cut in the prices of steel products for the month of October. The company has cut Rs 500-750 per tonne for flat products and Rs 1,000 per tonne for long products, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.16 per cent lower at Rs 1155.
IDFC Ltd: Infrastructure financing company IDFC Ltd has further pared its foreign investment limit to 48 per cent to meet requirements for the banking operations after having granted a licence by RBI earlier this year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 136.95.
State Bank of India: Deposit rates have started moving down even as Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday kept rates unchanged. State Bank of India said that it has reduced rates on term deposits up to 45 days by one percentage point to 6% - the second downward revision in a month.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 2437.
Shemaroo Entertainment Ltd: Shemaroo Entertainment Ltd shares will list on Wednesday, October 1, 2014. The equity shares of Shemaroo Entertainment Limited shall be listed and admitted to dealings on the Exchange in the list of 'T' Group of Securities.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent higher at Rs 171.
Reliance Power: Reliance Power (RPower) plans to invest nearly Rs 50,000 crore in the next five years to undertake various expansion projects, including increasing power generation and coal production.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 70.25.
NTPC: State-run National Thermal Power Corporation today signed a coal-swapping agreement with Gujarat State Electricity Corporation (GSEC) at Gandhinagar to swap 10 lakh metric tonnes (MT) of coal.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 139.70.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee weakens to lowest vs dollar since March 4Indian rupee weakens to lowest since March 4
By Reuters | 1 Oct, 2014, 09.56AM IST
The pair was last traded at 61.92, weaker than its 61.7450/61.7550 close on Tuesday.
ET SPECIAL:
MUMBAI: The Indian rupee fell as low as 61.95 per dollar on Wednesday, its weakest level since March 4, as traders unwound positions ahead of holidays and at a time when the greenback is gaining globally.
The pair was last traded at 61.92, weaker than its 61.7450/61.7550 close on Tuesday.
Markets will be closed from Thursday to Monday due to festivals.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow
READ MORE ON » markets

Modi  Obama decide to take ties to the next levelUpdated: October 1, 2014 10:19 IST
Modi, Obama decide to take ties to the next level
Suhasini Haidar
AP U.S. President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday.
TOPICS
India-United States
Prime Minister says India and the U.S. are natural global partners
After discussions that ran overtime by about an hour, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and U.S. President Barack Obama decided to take the India-U.S. relationship “to the next level,” saying the “true potential of the relationship has yet to be realised.”
Mr. Modi, who briefed journalists after the meeting, said: “My discussions have confirmed for me that India and the U.S. are natural global partners.”
Mr. Obama said he was impressed with Mr. Modi’s interest in not only addressing poverty in India and revitalising the economy there but also his determination that India helped bring about peace and security in the world.
“I want to wish him luck in what I’m sure will be a challenging but always interesting tenure as Prime Minister in India,” the President said. In the joint statement, while India did not accede to the U.S. request to join the international coalition against ISIS, the two sides agreed on several ways to enhance cooperation on terror.

8050 not ruled out  bullish on HeroMoto  Hexaware: HDFC SecLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
8050 not ruled out, bullish on HeroMoto, Hexaware: HDFC Sec
Watch the interview of VK Sharma of HDFC Securities with Latha Venkatesh & Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

Rupee heads toward 61 against US dollarRupee heads toward 61 against US dollar
Fifteen stocks in focus in Wednesday morning tradeFifteen stocks in focus in Wednesday morning trade
Buy Hero Motocorp 2850 Call: VK Sharma08:00 am
VK Sharma of HDFC Securities told CNBC-TV18, "Positions were build yesterday and the market went down by one percent only. My believe is that the celebrations are already on in the two-wheeler business. I am buying the 2850 Call in  Hero Motocorp  at around Rs 100 with a stoploss at Rs 80 and hope to sell this at around Rs 150."
At 10:23 hrs Hero Motocorp was quoting at Rs 2,888.05, up Rs 46, or 1.62 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 2,926.45 and an intraday low of Rs 2,878.
RELATED NEWS

After Teachers  Day  PM Modi set to reinvent Gandhi Jayanti celebrations with Clean India driveOct 01, 2014 at  09:09am IST
After Teachers' Day, PM Modi set to reinvent Gandhi Jayanti celebrations with Clean India drive
50
0
New Delhi: After lending his personal touch to September 5 Teachers' Day celebrations and making a grand pitch for 'Make in India', Prime Minister Narendra Modi is all set to reinvent celebrations of Mahatma Gandhi's birthday.
Modi had given a call for 'Swach Bharat Abhiyaan' from the ramparts of the Red Fort on August 15 and followed it up with a promise to clean India to NRIs in Madison Square Garden, New York. His ministers, with surprise checks and the cabinet secretariat through this order, are now ensuring that October 2 is much more than just a national holiday for government servants.
The Cabinet Secretary has asked all ministries and departments to carry out a cleanliness drive in government buildings from September 25 to October 2. The Urban Development Ministry has circulated a pledge - the Swachta Shapath - which all government servants will have to take on October 2.
#swach bharat #clean india #tracking the modi government #swachta divas
The oath in Hindi will be administered to all government servants at 9:45 am on October 2 and would bind them to pledge 100 hours of cleaning every year. Though the cleanliness drive is being called voluntary, this order from UD makes it mandatory to keep government offices open on the forenoon of October 2.
The Cabinet Secretary has sought a detailed report form government secretaries about specific plan of action to commemorate the 'Swachta Diwas'.
The Prime Minister himself will visit the Valmiki Sadan near Lutyens Delhi, the India Gate Boat Club and flag off a marathon from India Gate to kickstart the Swachta Diwas.
The Railway Ministry, which is taking the lead, has procured 10,000 brooms and is planning to clean 119 railway stations as part of the drive. But beyond photo ops, it remains to be seen whether the government will manage to make a visible difference by 2019 when Modi has promised a clean India to commemorate Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary.
131

UP: Army chopper crashes in Bareilly s cantonment area  3 feared dead22
0
Bareilly: In an unfortunate incident, a Cheetah helicopter of Army Aviation Corp crashed near a river in Barthol village on the outskirts of Bareilly district on Wednesday morning moments after taking off from the airbase. The incident took place in the district's cantonment area.
The two pilots and an engineer have been killed in the mishap. "All the three occupants - two Majors and once Captain have been killed in the crash. The names would be cleared soon," a defence spokesperson said. The army has ordered an inquiry into the chopper crash.
According to sources, the Cheetah helicopter crashed owing to some technical snag in the village on Lucknow-Bareilly highway minutes after it had taken off for a routine sortie from the army base at the Army Aviation Corp in the district.
The incident took place in the district's cantonment area.
"The accident took place at 7:40 am," the spokesperson said.
6

Looking forward to turn vision of our partnership into a lasting reality: Modi s note in Visitor s Book of White House9
0
Washington: Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who left the US after his five-day trip, expressed hope of working with President Barack Obama. Modi even wrote about his experience in the Visitor's Book of the White House.
Modi wrote, "I look forward to working with President Obama to unite the people of our nations in their quest for peace, prosperity and security."
Before his departure, Modi thanked the US and said he was satisfied with his trip. Modi said, "Thank you America". I achieved a lot in these five days. I am going back to India very satisfied."
Modi wrote, "I look forward to working with President Obama to unite the people of our nations in their quest for peace, prosperity and security."
#narendra modi #modi meets america #barack obama #washington
Here is the full text of Modi's note in the Visitor's Book of the White House:
I am delighted to be at White House, a monument symbolising the spirit of freedom, hope and industry that are hallmarks of our two nations. The fundamental commonality adds strength to the strategic partnership between the two great democracies of India and the United States.
I look forward to working with President Obama to unite the people of our nations in their quest for peace, prosperity and security and to turn the vision of our partnership into a lasting reality.

Anjali Damania  Preeti Sharma Menon quit Aam Aadmi PartyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jayalalithaa bail hearing adjourned to October 6Updated: September 30, 2014 15:08 IST
Jayalalithaa bail hearing adjourned to October 6
Krishnaprasad
The Hindu Security was beefed up outside the Karnataka High Court complex on Tuesday before the hearing on the bail plea of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa, convicted in the wealth case. Photo:V Sreenivasa Murthy
The Hindu Security outside the Karnataka High Court complex.
TOPICS
state politics
The bail application was filed on Monday in the Karnataka High Court. Her advocates filed the appeal, with a plea seeking suspension of sentence.
12.00 p.m: Even as the bail hearing is adjourned, AIADMK partymen and the Tamil film fraternity continue to stage protests in Tamil Nadu.
11.45. a.m: A group of AIADMK partymen are protesting outside the Parappana Agrahara jail complex.
11.10. a.m.: The Karnataka High Court adjourned Jayalalithaa's bail application and appeal to Monday, October 6, 2014.
When the matter came up for hearing in front of the vacation bench of the Court, Special Public Prosecutor Bhavani Singh, who also appeared for the State at the Special Court, said that while he received information about his appointment as prosecutor for the appeal as well, no formal communication has been received from the Karnataka Government. Following this submission, the High Court, keeping in view the need for representation on the respondent's side, adjourned the matter to Monday.
"I have not received a formal notification of my appointment as prosecutor for appeal. I communicated this factual position to the court."
11.10 a.m: Advocates are trying to convince the court for hearing now or on Wednesday, despite vacation.
11.00 a.m.: Ram Jethmalani is present to argue for Jayalalithaa. The High Court begins hearing on Jayalalithaa's plea.
10.42 a.m.: The court is hearing other matters. Pleas of Jayalalithaa and others are yet to be taken up
10.42 a.m.: Judge has warned those inside and outside the court to maintain silence as those outside are making noise causing disturbance for hearing.
10.40 a.m.: Apart from advocates representing Jayalalithaa and her aides, many advocates from Tamil Nadu are also inside the court hall.
10.35 a.m.: Bangalore city police have tightened security around Karnataka High Court in view of hearing on appeal by AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa, who has sought suspension of sentence and bail following her conviction in Rs.53.6 crore disproportionate assets case.
10.30 a.m.: The Court Hall 11, where the vacation bench will be hearing Jayalalithaa’s plea along with petitions related to criminal cases, is packed at 10 am, though sitting will start only at 10.30 am. A large number of AIADMK supporters who have come to the High Court premises have been stopped outside the court’s entrance gates.
10.15 a.m.: The bail application was filed on Monday in the Karnataka High Court. Her advocates filed the appeal, with a plea seeking suspension of sentence, in the High Court's registry section.
Jayalalithaa’s aide Sasikala, her relatives V.N Sudhakaran and Ilavarasi also approached the High Court, seeking bail.
Senior Supreme Court advocate Ram Jethmalani will represent Jayalalithaa with the defence team. Earlier on Sunday, the legal team discussed options to get the sentence suspended and the conviction stayed, party sources said. Read more here .
10.15 a.m.: Read our minute-by-minute coverage of Jayalalithaa's conviction on Saturday, September 27, 2014.

Nifty ends below 8000; Sun Pharma ITC up  Bankex in redSep 30, 2014, 04.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends below 8000; Sun Pharma & ITC up, Bankex in red
Sun Pharma, HDFC, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki and ITC were gainers. BHEL, ICICI Bank, Hindalco, Axis Bank and M&M were among losers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends below 8000; Sun Pharma & ITC up, Bankex in red
Sun Pharma, HDFC, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki and ITC were gainers. BHEL, ICICI Bank, Hindalco, Axis Bank and M&M were among losers.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 pm Market closing
Even though the market made some smart moves intraday but could not hold the tempo till end. The Sensex ended up 33.40 points at 26630.51 and the Nifty was up 5.90 points at 7964.80.  About 1370 shares advanced, 1532 shares declined, and 101 shares were unchanged.
Sun Pharma, HDFC, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki and ITC were gainers. BHEL, ICICI Bank, Hindalco, Axis Bank and M&M were among losers.
02:55pm Reliance Communications in focus
While talking in Reliance Communications AGM, Anil Ambani says the company targets to reduce debt by Rs 15,000 crore in 24 months. Debt currently stands at Rs 35,000 crore, he adds.
The company is looking to monetise both real estate and DTH. "We are looking to demerge real estate assets. We are working on contours of real estate demerger," says Ambani.
He further said the company will be participating in next round of auctions that will enable company to launch 4G in 2015-16. The stock fell over 2 percent.
02:30pm Market Expert
With major events already behind us, Vikas Khemani of Edelweiss Capital feels the markets are in a consolidation mood and expects this tendency to continue in the short term.
He maintains an upward trajectory with some correction medium to longer term. “The next would be probably the quarterly earnings and that is where the markets will take the next round of clues. Depending how the results pan out, you may again see a further short-term movement,” he told CNBC-TV18.
02:15pm Will government cut diesel price?
Diesel price is likely to be cut by about Re 1 per litre, the first reduction in rates in over five years, while petrol price may be slashed by Rs 1.75.
State-owned oil firms are likely to announce reduction in rates, made possible because of softening in international oil rates, this evening, government and industry sources said.
Under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre.
While the government had resisted the temptation to cut rates then, prices are likely to be reduced at the fortnightly review due today.
Sources said oil ministry is of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) had on January 17, 2013 allowed a monthly increase in diesel price of 40-50 paise per month to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
It wants to reduce diesel price to protect state-owned oil companies' market share, which may be lost to private retailers who would be selling diesel in tandem with international prices, reports PTI.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks wiped out all its gains in afternoon trade weighed down by FMCG, banks and technology stocks. The 30-share BSE Sensex fell 16.87 points to 26580.24 and the Nifty dropped 5.45 points to 7953.45.
The broader markets too came off day's high with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rising 0.1 percent and 0.3 percent, respectively. About 1502 shares have advanced, 1214 shares declined, and 106 shares are unchanged.
Shares of TCS, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank declined 1-2 percent. ITC, Reliance Industries, Infosys, HUL, Tata Motors, SBI, Coal India, Bharti Airtel, Wipro and BHEL lost 0.2-0.8 percent.
However, HDFC, Sun Pharma, Sesa Sterlite, Maruti Suzuki and Bajaj Auto gained 1-2 percent.
13:00

Narendra Modi to hit campaign trail in Maharashtra  Haryana on October 4Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 30, 2014 9:25 pm
As BJP seeks to wrest control of Haryana and Maharashtra from Congress in October 15 assembly polls, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will lead the party’s campaign in the two states from October 4.
BJP sources said party veterans L K Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi will also campaign in Maharashtra. However, they may not campaign in Haryana as their names are not among the star campaigners.
According to sources, the Prime Minister will address 10 rallies starting October 4 in Haryana and another two dozen rallies in Maharashtra.
On the first day of his campaign, Modi will address four rallies – one in Haryana and three in Maharashtra at Kohlapur, Beed and Mumbai.
BJP Chief Ministers Shivraj Singh Chouhan of Madhya Pradesh, Raman Singh of Chhattisgarh Vasundhara Raje of Rajasthan, Manohar Parrikar of Goa and Anandiben Patel of Gujarat will also campaign in Haryana and Maharashtra, besides party chief Amit Shah and a host of other top leaders, including Union Ministers Rajnath Singh, Nitin Gadkari, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley.
In Haryana, the Prime Minister will address one election rally each from October 4 to 10 and three rallies across the state on October 11.
Maharashtra being a bigger states, Modi will address at least three rallies everyday followed by four rallies on the last day of the campaign on October 13.
Top party leaders held meetings in Delhi, Rohtak and Mumbai to chalk out final plans of campaign in the coming assembly polls. Final touches are being given to the campaign plan which will be cleared by the Prime Minister after his return from the United States.
Actor-turned-politician Hema Malini and Smriti Irani will be among the party’s star women campaigners in both states.
The party is focussing on the development model and the Prime Minister will woo the electorate with the promise of initiating all-round development evenly across the two states and providing good governance.
The party will attacking Congress, which has been ruling the two states for long, on development and law and order planks.
While Haryana has 90 assembly seats, Maharashtra has 288 seats. BJP is contesting alone after it ended its tie-ups in Haryana with Haryana Janhit Congress and with its 25-year- old ally Shiv Sena in Maharashtra.
Congress faces anti-incumbency in both the states as it is in power in Haryana for the last 10 years and 15 years in Maharashtra.
Campaigning for the October 15 Assembly polls in the two states will end on October 13 and the results will be out on October 19.

Soyabean prices slide despite low stocksLow US soyabean stocks fail to halt price slide
By Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0b4537dc-48b3-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India  US pledge to improve ties  put it in writingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Five key takeaways from the Modi-Obama meetFive key takeaways from the Modi-Obama meet
PTI / BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 01:21 AM IST
In their first summit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama today pledged to push the bilateral relationship to "new levels", resolve issues blocking implementation of the civil nuclear deal and
cooperate in counter terrorism.
In principle agreement to renew defence pact:
India and US have in principle agreed to extend their defence agreement for another 10 years which will take forward the cooperation between the two countries in the crucial area.
The framework agreement, which will expire next year, was signed in 2005 by then Defence Minister Pranab Mukherjee and his US counterpart Donald Rumsfeld. The pact had laid strong foundations leading to mutually beneficial defence cooperation through security dialogue, service-level exchanges, defence exercises, trade and technology collaboration. India has raised the FDI cap in the sector recently from 26% to 49% with an aim of boosting indigenous defence production.
Seeking easier access for Indian services companies
Expressing confidence that their bilateral economic ties would improve further, Prime Minister Modi today sought easier access for Indian service companies to the US economy during his talks with US President Obama.
Indian service companies have good presence in the US but there have been issues related to visas for IT professionals from India.
Agreeing to dismantle terror havens:
Furthering Indo-US cooperation on terrorism, the two leaders agreed to make "joint and concerted efforts" to dismantle safe havens for terror and criminal networks like LeT, JeM, ISIS, Al-Qaeda etc. The two countries will also take steps to disrupt financial and tactical support to these terror outfits.
Food security concern at WTO needs solution
Emphasising that India supports trade facilitation, the Prime Minister today told the US President that a solution must be found on its concerns over food security at the WTO.
Invitation to visit India:
The Prime Minister also invited the US President  to visit India at a convenient time, which has been accepted by the White House.
"I look forward to receiving President Obama and his family in India at a convenient time," Modi said in a joint press statement inside the Oval Office of the White House.

PM s  Swachchh Bharat  dream: Some wield broom  some fumePM's 'Swachchh Bharat' dream: Some wield broom, some fume
Archis Mohan & Vrishti Beniwal | New Delhi Oct 01, 2014 12:57 AM IST
The white exterior of prachin (ancient) Valmiki Temple, a stone's throw away from the city's iconic Connaught Place, has recently received a fresh coat of paint. The grass in the lawns is mowed and pavements are repaired. The temple's surroundings, including the adjacent Valmiki Sadan residential quarters, which is home to 300 families, seldom looked this clean, say local people.
On Tuesday afternoon, the temple had a posse of local police and paramilitary personnel guarding its heavily barricaded entrance. The security meant people being turned away, nearly 48 hours before the Valmiki Basti is scheduled to receive Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The PM is to launch the 'Swachchh Bharat Abhiyan' (Clean India Campaign) from Rajpath on October 2, birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. After that, he will visit this locality, where he is expected to inaugurate a toilet block, and wield a broom. He will also spend time at 'Bapu Niwas', the one-room quarter in the temple premises where Gandhi stayed for 214 days - between April 1946 and September 1947. A spinning wheel and a writing desk are preserved here as Gandhi memorabilia.
Valmikis are a Dalit community, and Modi's visit to the residential complex that houses sweepers employed with the New Delhi Municipal Council and the community temple is ripe with symbolism. As a tribute to the Father of the Nation, who laid much stress on cleanliness, the prime minister wants the objective of a 'clean India' achieved by 2019, the year of Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary. His ministers, his party (the Bharatiya Janata Party), and ideological mentor (the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh) are all contributing their might to make the event a success.
However, government servants, who have been asked to sacrifice their October 2 holiday, are not amused. Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth last week sent out a letter asking all employees to be present in their respective offices at 9 am on October 2 and take swachchh shapath (a pledge of cleanliness) at 9.45 am. After this, they are to clean their office premises. Another government order demanded 100 hours of staffers' time for voluntary cleaning of their houses or neighbourhood over the next year.
But the order did not answer a basic question bureaucrats were asking: "What do we do if the area is already clean; should we let it remain unclean a day before?" Safai karmcharis wondered: "Does the government want to get rid of us?"
A senior bureaucrat was unhappy that the Modi government had ruined the festive spirit by making her report to work on Ashtami and Navami. Orders have also been issued to keep offices around Rajpath closed after 2 pm on Wednesday, the eve of the event.
On Tuesday, officers were seen racing against time to meet deadlines before a long weekend. They said, on Thursday, there would also be tree plantation, besides the pledge and cleaning of offices.
The department of revenue in the finance ministry, the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) and Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC), along with their respective attached and subordinate offices, have chalked out detailed action plans to make the prime minister's 'Swachchh Bharat' programme a mass movement. The government will announce a detailed plan after the pledge on October 2. This will include creating awareness by organising essay competitions, cartoon-making events, debates and street theatre events. Government servants will be motivated to write essays on topics like 'my contribution to cleanliness of my office' and 'innovative steps to keep my office neat and clean'.
Ministers in the Modi Cabinet are already leading from the front. Information & Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar launched a 'massive but focused campaign roping celebrities and popular figures to spread the message of a 'Swachchh Bharat'.
Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani has been cleaning schools and roads, while Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Water Resources Minister Uma Bharti on Tuesday raked out some dirt from Lucknow's heavily polluted Gomti river. On Monday, Food & Civil Supplies Minister Ram Vilas Paswan was seen wielding a broom and sweeping the premises of his ministry.
The department of personnel and training, the nodal ministry for administrative issues, has sent detailed instructions to all departments to launch a special drive for cleaning canteens and government offices on October 2. It has said "it is imperative to follow" instructions laid out in paragraphs 9.7 and 9.8 of Chapter IX of DoPT's "Green Book, 3rd edition, 2008".
These instructions say, among other things, how utensils should be "individually" washed and rinsed "under running water" in "wash sink number one", then "passing them on to wash sink number two", sterilised in "wash sink number three which contains light solution of potassium permanganate" and wiped dry with "clean towel". It has asked for routine examination of canteen workers to ensure they take regular haircuts, their nails are clean and trimmed and they do not suffer from "skin disease" or "symptoms of ailments of the alimentary canal".
BJP and RSS are also chipping in with their bit for the cause. Workers of the two outfits across India have been asked to contribute to the campaign for at least two hours on October 2. "We want to turn this into a people's movement," a BJP office bearer said. The Sangh Parivar is using the social media to spread the message, while the New Delhi Municipal Council, which has started a 'Hohoshameshame' Facebook page, has appealed to people to send photographs of those found littering.
The scene at the Valmiki Temple, however, is beset with some confusion. The temple is run by a Valmiki Samaj trust. "We do not take any money from the government or NDMC," temple priest Swami Krishna Shah Vidyarthi says. The priest claims the cleaning and cooking at the temple is done by volunteers, who receive no wages. He complains that civic agency has in the past few days taken over the upkeep of the temple's surroundings and cleanliness of 'Bapu Niwas'.
There is also an interesting political subtext to the event at the Valmiki locality. People in this area are vocal supporters of Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal, who is an MLA from here. Last week, Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu wrote to Kejriwal, requesting AAP to contribute to the campaign. He asked Kejriwal to "ensure that public properties are not defaced by writing on the walls or putting posters". He also asked Kejriwal to ensure "any publicity related to your party is done through authorised means at designated places only".
Kejriwal promised his party's support to the October 2 event, but also asked the minister to make cleanliness an ongoing exercise, and not merely a day-long event. The AAP leader said the government should do something to improve the lives of safai karamcharis. He alleged that some news items published recently showed "some ministers picked up brooms so that their photographs could appear in newspapers". Kejriwal also claimed that "in some cases, roads have been deliberately littered to create a photo opportunity for ministers to use brooms for cleaning those roads". Incidentally, broom is AAP's election symbol.

Modi  Obama create new agenda | Joint statement | CoverageBarack Obama
(There was "great convergence"…)
WASHINGTON DC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama sought to reset ties between India and the United States as both leaders had an extended discussion in the White House on Tuesday, resolving to broaden their cooperation in various fields including defence, intelligence, counter-terrorism, Afghanistan, space exploration and science.
Jointly signed piece in Washington Post
There was "great convergence" between the two sides on peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific, Modi said in comments made shortly after the talks ended. He said the US was an integral part of India's Look East, Link West policy.
"It is natural for India and US to have a strategic relationship," Modi said. "We already have the foundation for a strong partnership and now we have to revive momentum between the two countries."
The two leaders also discussed thornier issues, with Modi saying that he had made the point that India supports trade facilitation at the WTO, but expects the country's concerns on food security to be addressed. He also pushed for easier access to the US market for Indian service companies.
India wants to resolve hurdles in the way of the civil nuclear agreement as this was important for the country's energy security, Modi said.
President Obama said there was much common ground between the two nations and that they had agreed to cooperate on tackling issues such as the Ebola outbreak, for which India has pledged $12 million.
"We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism," Obama said. "We discussed trade and how we can work with each other and decided to deepen our existing ties with India."
Modi said he was inspired by the extraordinary interest in India in the US and said that "we will draw strength and inspiration from this." He also invited US defence companies to come to India as part of his bid to boost investment.
"The president and I spoke about many of the reforms we are undertaking and the focus on making it easy to do business in India," Modi said. "I expect business and economic ties between the two countries would grow at a great pace."
Modi also said that he had invited President Obama and his family to visit India. After their meeting that went on for over two hours, the two leaders went together to the Martin Luther King Memorial. Following this, Modi attended a lunch hosted by Vice President Joe Biden. A joint statement by the two governments was expected to be released later.
Earlier, the two leaders said it was time "to set a new agenda, one that realises concrete benefits for our citizens" in a jointly signed piece in the Washington Post that was published Tuesday morning.
"This will be an agenda that enables us to find mutually rewarding ways to expand our collaboration in trade, investment and technology that harmonise with India's ambitious development agenda, while sustaining the United States as the global engine of growth," they wrote. "As global partners, we are committed to enhancing our homeland security by sharing intelligence, through counterterrorism and law-enforcement cooperation, while we jointly work to maintain freedom of navigation and lawful commerce across the seas."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong chief says  better to caste vote than watch TVProtesters shout slogans outside a flag-raising ceremony where Hong Kong's embattled leader attended in Hong Kong, Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014, to mark China's National Day. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Hong Kong | Posted: October 1, 2014 9:18 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 10:57 am
Hong Kong’s embattled leader attended a flag-raising ceremony Wednesday to mark China’s National Day after refusing to meet pro-democracy demonstrators despite their threats to expand the street protests that have posed the stiffest challenge to Beijing’s authority since China took control of the former British colony in 1997.
READ: Hong Kong leader says Beijing won’t back down
Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying took part in the ceremony — marking the anniversary of the founding of communist China in 1949 — as hundreds of protesters behind police barricades yelled at him to step down, although they fell silent and turned their backs when the ceremony began.
Helicopters flew past carrying the Hong Kong and Chinese flags, with the latter noticeably bigger.
In a speech, Leung made no direct mention of the protesters, who have blocked streets for days across the city to press demands for genuine democratic reforms for Hong Kong’s first direct elections in 2017 to choose the city’s top leader. Beijing has restricted the voting reforms, requiring candidates to be screened by a committee of mostly pro-Beijing local elites similar to the one who handpicked Leung for the job.
READ: Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters defy tear gas
“It is definitely better to have universal suffrage than not,” Leung said. “It is definitely better to have the chief executive elected by 5 million eligible voters than by 1,200 people. And it is definitely better to cast your vote at the polling station than to stay home and watch on television the 1,200 members of the Election Committee cast their votes.”
As he spoke to a group of dignitaries, pro-democracy lawmaker Leung Kwok-hung shouted for him to step down before he was bundled away by security. Local councilor Paul Zimmerman held up a yellow umbrella — umbrellas used by protesters to deflect police pepper spray have become a symbol of the nonviolent civil disobedience movement.
China took control of Hong Kong under an arrangement that guaranteed its 7 million people semi-autonomy, Western-style civil liberties and eventual democratic freedoms that are denied to Chinese living on the communist-ruled mainland.
The territory’s first direct elections are set for 2017, but the recent move by the Chinese government saying the special committee will screen the candidates is seen as reneging on a promise that the chief executive will be chosen through “universal suffrage.”
Changing that is one of the major demands of the protesters.
The growing protests have attracted worldwide attention, with British Prime Minister David Cameron saying continued…

IVRCL rallies over 8% on assets sale plan to pare debtIVRCL rallies over 8% on assets sale plan to pare debt
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 02.01PM IST
Tags:
Corporate Debt Restructuring Empowered Group
(It has put up Rs 4,000 crore…)
NEW DELHI: IVRCL Ltd surged as much as 8.7 per cent in trade on Wednesday after the cash strapped infrastructure major said that it has put up Rs 4,000 crore worth of assets for sale and expects to come out of debt burden in the next two years once the sale is successful, a senior official has said.
At 09:20 a.m.; IVRCL was trading 6.8 per cent higher at Rs 16.50. It hit a low of Rs 16.05 and a high of Rs 16.80 in trade today.
IVRCL Ltd Chairman and Managing Director E Sudhir Reddy said the assets for sale includeRoad projects both operational and under construction and Desalination plant in Chennai, PTI reported.
Corporate Debt Restructuring Empowered Group had earlier approved the company's proposal for a debt recast package of Rs 7,300 crore.
IVRCL is facing cash crunch due to economic slowdown, higher interest charges, and slower pace of execution of projects.
As part of debt recast, IVRCL is also eligible to get a fresh loan of Rs 175 crore that can be used towards meeting working capital requirements besides getting Rs 1,400 crore bank guarantees among other facilities, said the PTI report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jet Airways  SpiceJet flies over 4% on ATF cutJet Airways, SpiceJet fly over 4% on steep ATF price cut
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 09.37AM IST
Tags:
Insurability
(The price of aviation turbine…)
NEW DELHI: Airline stocks such as Jet Airways, SpiceJet rose over 4 per cent in trade on Wednesday after state-run oil marketing companies revised jet fuel ( ATF) prices by a steep 3 per cent on the back of falling international oil rates.
The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 2,077.62 per kilolitre, or 2.98 per cent, to Rs 67,525.63 per kl, the nation's largest fuel retailer said.
Reacting to the news Jet Airways rose as much as 4.7 per cent, while SpiceJet gained 5.7 per cent in trade today.
At 09:25 a.m.; Jet Airways was trading 3 per cent higher at Rs 215.10. It hit a low of Rs 213.95 and a high of Rs 218 in trade today.
SpiceJet was trading 4 per cent higher at Rs 12.82. It hit a low of Rs 13.01 and a low of Rs 12.70 in trade today.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of an airline's operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
This is the third reduction in jet fuel rates since July. Declining international oil prices have made imports cheaper, resulting in price reduction, PTI reported.
In Mumbai, jet fuel costs Rs 69,610.50 per kl as against Rs 71,829.42 per kl previously, IOC said. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Japan could steal China & India s show in Q4Oct 01, 2014, 09.33 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
This market will steal the show in fourth quarter
On a year-to-date basis, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 has lagged behind its peers, up just 0.7 percent.By comparison, India's Sensex and China's Shanghai Composite have risen 26 percent and 12 percent, respectively.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
This market will steal the show in fourth quarter
On a year-to-date basis, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 has lagged behind its peers, up just 0.7 percent.By comparison, India's Sensex and China's Shanghai Composite have risen 26 percent and 12 percent, respectively.
Post your opinion here
 
As fourth quarter kicks off, there's one market in Asia that has investors excited: Japan.
The world's third largest economy may be struggling to shake off the drag from the sales tax hike that took effect in April, but a weakening yen, improving corporate profits and attractive valuations will likely power gains in equities in the coming months, say strategists.
"We are going to get a combination of value meeting growth – the Japanese market is cheap – so there's value, and on top of that we are going to get earnings growth," said Jesper Koll, head of Japanese equity research at JP Morgan Securities Japan.
Read More Japan economy still struggling with tax hike, data show
"[There will be] upward earnings revisions driven by stronger-than-expected top line growth and margin expansion. Corporate Japan has restructured and productivity is just about to explode," he said.
On a year-to-date basis, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 has lagged behind its peers, up just 0.7 percent.By comparison, India's Sensex and China's Shanghai Composite have risen 26 percent and 12 percent, respectively.
Koll's optimism was shared by several other strategists.
"We're overweight Japan. Abenomics is making progress, albeit slowly, the yen continues to weaken, which is good for stocks, and pension fund reform is a huge potential catalyst," said Simon Grose-Hodge, head of investment advisory, South Asia at LGT Bank.
China, India cheer
Asia's economic giants India and China are also expected to come out swinging, extending their solid gains so far this year.
Two catalysts providing gains in China's markets are the upcoming launch of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Connect scheme - which will give global investors greater access to domestic Chinese equities - and the Fourth Plenary Session - a meeting of the Chinese Communist Party's elite 200-plus-member Central Committee that is expected to focus on consolidating anti-graft efforts and deepening reforms for economic sustainable growth.
Read More With China set to open stock trading, investors lay groundwork
"We expect the Fourth Plenum will accelerate reforms, so we're positive on China. But you have to be a stockpicker," said Uwe Parpart, chief strategist at Reorient Group, who is positive on financial and technology stocks in the mainland.
For India, signs of an economic turnaround and fresh reform initiatives will help to fuel further gains in the market. Although market watchers caution that the easy money has been made.
"India's good a lot of good things going on, but you worry can it get any better than this?" said Grose-Hodge .
Read More India's Modi promises US CEOs a return to market reforms
Riding the US recovery
With the US recovery gaining traction, investors say export-oriented markets including Taiwan and Korea also stand to gain in the final three months of the year.
"Data out of the US has begun to show a pickup in capital spending – a positive for Taiwan and Korea," said Grose-Hodge .
Taiwan's Taiex and South Korea's Kospi index are up 4.1 percent and 0.4 percent, respectively, so far this year.
Pockets of weakness
Some Asian markets will struggle however, analysts say.
In Australia, weak domestic economic fundamentals, low earnings per share (EPS) growth and a domestic currency under pressure don't bode well for the stocks, warns Goldman Sachs, which has an underweight rating on the country.
Meanwhile, Hong Kong stocks are set to face challenges amid a rising interest rate environment, softer China growth and higher valuations compared with their mainland counterparts, say strategists.
"Hong Kong is caught in the middle of all sorts of stuff. Firstly, we'll have to see how the current political turbulence pans out," said Parpart. "On top of this, higher interest rates will be negative for Hong Kong, because the market is heavy with real estate, so there will be some downward pressure," he added.
RELATED NEWS

India still hasn t approached many European nations to recover black money: Edmond AllenIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Parel Investment sells 2.72cr shares of Hexaware TechOct 01, 2014, 08.37 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Parel Investment sells 2.72cr shares of Hexaware Tech
Parel Investment Holdings Limited sold 2,72,88,327 shares of Hexaware Technologies at Rs 195.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Parel Investment sells 2.72cr shares of Hexaware Tech
Parel Investment Holdings Limited sold 2,72,88,327 shares of Hexaware Technologies at Rs 195.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 30, 2014 HT Global IT Solutions Holdings Limited bought 2,72,88,327 shares of  Hexaware Technologies at Rs 195 on the BSE.
However, Parel Investment Holdings Limited sold 2,72,88,327 shares at Rs 195.
On Tuesday the share ended at Rs 201.15, up Rs 5.10, or 2.60 percent. It has touched a 52-week high of Rs 208.40.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 11.88 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.93. The latest book value of the company is Rs 29.59 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 6.8. The dividend yield of the company was 5.52 percent.
RELATED NEWS

Brent edges above $95 on relief over China s...Brent edges above $95 on relief over China's PMI
By Reuters | 1 Oct, 2014, 10.02AM IST
READ MORE ON » Opec | oil | Brent
Concern over growing oil supply and the dollar's strength pushed Brent down by more than $2 on Tuesday in its biggest single-day drop.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SINGAPORE: Brent oil futures edged up above $95 a barrel on Wednesday as a positive Chinese economic survey helped the crude benchmark start October firmer after it fell to its weakest level since 2012 in the previous session.
Concern over growing oil supply and the dollar's strength pushed Brent down by more than $2 on Tuesday in its biggest single-day drop since January and the same factors are likely to keep a lid on any price recovery.
Chinese manufacturing activity steadied in September, with the government's Purchasing Managers' Index unchanged at 51.1, a tad higher than market forecasts, offering some relief to investors worried about the slowdown in the world's No. 2 economy.
"It's a tiny bit better than the market expected, but the China bears have been beating their chest very loudly in the past few weeks so we should see some relief rally," said Ben Le Brun, market analyst at OptionsXpress in Sydney.
Brent oil for November delivery was up 34 cents at $95.01 a barrel by 0216 GMT. The contract fell $2.53 to settle at $94.67 on Tuesday, after touching a session low of $94.24, its weakest since June 2012.
US November crude gained 28 cents to $91.44 per barrel after sliding $3.41 in the previous session, its biggest daily drop since November 2012.
Both Brent and West Texas Intermediate crude ended the third quarter with their steepest quarterly loss in more than two years.
Also helping investor sentiment was news that China had cut mortgage rates and downpayment levels for some home buyers for the first time since the 2008 global financial crisis, a step to boost a sagging housing market that has been a drag on the economy.
China, the world's second-biggest oil consumer, is targeting economic growth of around 7.5 per cent this year, a goal that economists say may be at risk unless the government rolls out more stimulus measures to counter signs of a slowdown.
But Le Brun said worries over a supply glut will keep price gains in check unless the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) moves to cut output.
OPEC's oil supply jumped to its highest in almost two years in September, a Reuters survey found, due to a further recovery in Libya and higher output from Saudi Arabia and other Gulf producers.
Some OPEC members have voiced concern over the drop in prices and its meeting on Nov. 27 in Vienna is likely to see a debate on whether output needs to be cut.
"Ultimately, if we see oil prices continue to fall with WTI under $90 and Brent close to $90, OPEC would probably start to get an itchy trigger finger (and proceed with an output cut)," said Le Brun.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Starbucks sees potential in over 50 small In...Avani Davda
("Starbucks has opened 58…)
HYDERABAD: Encouraged by the response to Starbucks stores in major Indian cities, the world's largest coffee chain is now setting its sights on tier-2 and tier-3 cities, a top company executive said.
The move comes after Tata Starbucks, the equal joint venture between Tata Global Beverages and Seattle-based Starbucks Coffee Company reportedly decided to open outlets that are half the average size of existing ones for faster expansion in India.
Stating that Tata Starbucks was "growing aggressively" in India, chief executive officer Avani Davda said it has identified more than 50 tier-2 and tier-3 Indian cities "that have right kind of infrastructure."
Davda said the company is open to trying out different formats that Starbucks has introduced globally, including smaller Express stores and drive-through outlets, which account for more than 40% of the US companyoperated stores with higher average sales. "We will try and see which is right for each market," she told ET after opening the first Starbucks store in Hyderabad, in the Jubilee Hills area, on Tuesday.
The coffee chain has opened 58 stores across Mumbai, Delhi NCR, Pune, Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad in 23 months and "will continue to grow," she said.
Since starting its first India outlet in October 2012, Starbucks has opened stores at an average of one every two weeks, making India its fastest-expanding market. However, Davda said, "We are not in a hurry to expand or in a hurry to say we are going to have X number of stores in this country."
Refusing to divulge details about the joint venture's financial performance, she said, "We are on track and the board is "extremely happy and satisfied with our (financial) performance so far."
According to her, Indian cities in the south, west and north offer great growth potential for Tata Starbucks. "We would like to penetrate them in the right way and we are not going to shy away from opening up the satellite markets as well," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Are FIIs shying away from big bets on IndiaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Are FIIs shying away from big bets on India?
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have not been buying much in India in the past couple of weeks. In fact, there has been some minor selling of about Rs 4,000 crore.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Discussing the FII interest in the Indian equity markets, Steve Brice, Chief Investment Strategist – Group Wealth Management, Standard Chartered Bank, said the country is quite different from other emerging markets, with different fundamentals and dynamics.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have not been buying much in India in the past couple of weeks. In fact, there has been some minor selling of about Rs 4,000 crore.
“The foreign investors have been saying we have got good money on the table with India, let’s get some of the money off now and see if the government delivers on reforms,” Brices tells CNBC-TV18.
According to Brice, India has been doing very well on the back of domestic reforms, but he feels sustaining the performance of past 12 months in the next 1 year would be a tough task. He says the Indian equity markets will see periods of consolidation.
On Fed rate hikes, Brice says emerging markets usually outperform during the rate hike cycle. He says that India to some extent could be more insulated by the event compared to its peers and thinks is a good bet going ahead.
Below is the transcript of Steve Brice's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Foreign investors, FIIs, have not been buying much in India in the past couple of weeks. There has in fact been some minor selling almost about Rs 4,000 crore. What are your specific thoughts on India at these levels, worried about valuations?
A: I suppose - if you look at emerging markets generally, you will exclude India from that, obviously its emerging market but having very different fundamentals and very different dynamics to the rest of the region and group of the emerging markets. So India has performed very well during this period on the back of domestic reform hopes. Clearly, that does need to be followed through with actual delivery and our expectation is that it will do but market is going get ahead of themselves and they are getting too pessimistic maybe the market do a bit of a consolidation here and foreign investors are saying we have got very good money on the table and in India let us take a little bit of it off, see if the government delivers on reforms and if so at least we have got some exposure and we can always add this at the later stage.
Latha: Would you say that the best is over for India at least for 2014?
A: We are going to see the repercussion of the performance over the past 12 months over the next 12 months. I think that is very unlikely but if you ask are we going to see Indian equity market move higher over the next 12 months or through the rest of this year, yes maybe some short-term consolidation but we still believe the trend is firmly high for the market, valuations are no longer as compelling as they were of course but that reform coming through we do expect growth to bottom out and accelerate gradually. We expect the RBI ultimately to start cutting interest rates probably some time in early next year and all of that at least positive backdrop for Indian equities.
One thing that we should highlight is that emerging markets usually outperform during the Fed rate hiking cycle contrary to popular wisdom and the experience to the Fed taper tension. So people are going to be watching that. Who is probably more insulated from the Fed rate hiking cycle, India you can argue is or isn't but we would say that maybe the currency has weakened enough and is likely to be stable going forward. So India seems a good bet.
Reema: Let us talk a bit about the strength in the dollar. The dollar index has been moving in one way. Do you think at some point this will hurt emerging market currencies as well as equities? It is a good question. I think it is one that a lot of people are struggling with; they are saying we are getting more bullish on certain emerging market nations. If we look at the history, it suggests emerging market equities outperforming and Fed rate hiking cycle but dollar strength is not associated with currency strengthen in the region either. So, that’s a potential chink in the armour. 
A: We are certainly taking the view that Asian currencies will be resilient to dollar strength and we have seen that, they have weakened a bit so far in the last few weeks but nothing very significant, that’s the trend we would expect to continue as flows start coming back to the region on 6-12 months basis, not just in India but on a more broad-based fashion. 
Latha: The other side of dollar strength is commodity weakness especially crude. Do you see this trend continuing for several quarters more given the kind of growth numbers we are getting from China and maybe even Europe?
A: If you look at the global commodity index, it has broken key support to be honest, so it looks quite bearish. I think we have to cancel that. As you mentioned oil is driving a significant part of that and we are moving towards, I think there OPEC meeting in November, so they will be saying oil prices has come below USD 100 per bbl, Brent below USD 100 per bbl, around USD 95 per bbl. If we start seeing that going towards USD 80 per bbl then they will be very concerned about that. A lot of budget breakeven in the Middle East hover around that USD 80 per bbl in particular of course Saudi which is a key oil producer. So we would expect if oil prices remain weak to probably start talking in next few weeks about restraining supply to prop up the prices and historically that’s been a reasonably successful policy. So, we do not extrapolate oil price weakness going forward but in the short-term commodities related tightly to the Chinese growth story then may will be under little bit of pressure, the recent property easing measures not withstanding.
Reema: When you said USD 80 per bbl, did you mean Brent or you meant WTI?
A: We are looking at Brent prices so if you are looking at USD 95 on Brent at the moment. If we start moving below USD 90 per bbl then that will be a concern.
Latha: What are your top three asset classes for now?
A: I suppose it is still been dominated by the equity space so our favourite market remains Europe. It had a poor performance year to date on relative basis but we believe that that corporate earnings are improving and the euro weakness just add to that and obviously we have got the ECB policy meeting this week and that likely to reinforce that. US equities will be second on our list and within bonds we generally like Asian local currency bond so our favourite area is Chinese renminbi bonds due to low correlation with equities. We also like Indian government bonds as well.
RELATED NEWS

Modi placing business on top of his US trip agenda was refreshing: CIIIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Boxer Sarita s husband alleges  fixed  bout after lossEYE BROWSE
Bout was fixed, says Sarita Devi's husband after controversial match
Sarita Devi lost her semi-final bout in controversial circumstances and had to be content with the bronze medal in the women's light weight (57-60kg) event of the 17th Asian Games.
Yahoo India –  Tue 30 Sep, 2014
Print
INCHEON: The Indian boxing contingent lodged a protest and demanded a review of Sarita Devi's semi-final bout against South Korea's Jina Park after Sarita Devi lost the match under controversial circumstances and had to be content with the bronze medal in the women's light weight (57-60kg) event of the 17th Asian Games.
The member of the Indian boxing contingent was quoted by PTI saying: 'A protest has been lodged against the decision.'
Sarita Devi's husband was qouted by NDTV saying: 'The bout was fixed and this was an uncivilized decision.'
The 32-year-old Indian lost 0-3 in an unanimous decision to South Korea's Jina Park at the Seonhak Gymnasium.
After losing the first round convincingly, Sarita came back strongly in the next.
Judges B and C of Italy and Poland awarded the round 10-9 to the Indian, however, Judge A of Tunisia gave it 10-9 to the South Korean.
The controversy, though, took place in the third round as the Indian battered Park and had her reeling, but, inexplicably, Judges B and C awarded the round 10-9 in favour of the host fighter while Judge A gave the round 10-9 to Sarita.
The fourth and decisive round was also a close fought affair with nothing to separate the two but all three judges awarded the round 10-9 to the South Korean that sealed her passage to the final of the weight category.
Sarita Devi was visibly distressed by the judges' decision and waited for a while before exiting the ring.
An upset Sarita Devi was quoted by NDTV saying: 'All the training means nothing when such things happen. Didn't know whether to laugh or cry. We sacrifice so much, even time with our kids.'
Recommend

Socrus Bio Sciences board to consider capital reductionSocrus Bio Sciences board to consider capital reduction
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 1:  
Socrus Bio Sciences said its board of directors would meet on October 14 to consider reduction of capital based on audit committee recommendations.
In a filing to the exchanges, the company said that on Tuesday, the board decided to consider reduction of capital of the company up to 95 per cent of the paid up capital against accumulated losses.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

12 killed  45 injured in train collision near Gorakhpur12 killed, 45 injured in train collision near Gorakhpur
Press Trust of India | Gorakhpur (UP) Oct 01, 2014 10:10 AM IST
At least 12 persons were killed and 45 injured when a speeding passenger train allegedly jumped signal and collided with another train which was taking a turn on a loop line near here last night.
The Maduadeeh-Lucknow Krishak Express hit Barauni bound express train from Lucknow from the side while it was on the loop line at Nandanagar railway crossing, about seven kilometers from here, at around 11 p.m, Chief Public Relation Officer of North- Eastern Railway Alok Kumar Singh told PTI today.
Three coaches of Barauni Express were badly damaged in the collision.
12 passengers have died in the accident, Singh said adding the Loco pilot of Krishak Express Ram Bahadur and assistant Loco pilot Satyajeet have been suspended for allegedly overshooting the signal.
"Prima facie it appears the Krishak Express was supposed to stop, but it overshot the signal," he said. The train was going towards Lucknow while Barauni express was coming from the state capital.
45 passengers were injured in the accident and condition of 12 was stated to be serious, the official said.
"An inquiry has been ordered by the railway under Commissioner Rail Safety P K Bajpai to ascertain the cause of the incident," another spokesman Anil Saxena said.
The CPRO said that Rapid Action Force, Gorkha Regiment and railway police have reached the spot and started the rescue work.
The injured have been admitted at different hospitals in Gorakhpur.
The railway has also set up helpline for inquiries for various cities -- Gorakhpur (05513303365, 09794846980), Lucknow (05222233042), Chhapra (09006693233) and Benares (09919041978), the spokesperson said.
Movement of trains on Gorakhpur-Varanasi track was disrupted following the incident and few trains have been diverted.
Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda has expressed 'profound grief' over the loss of lives and announced compensation for the victims.
An enhanced ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh will be given to the families of the deceased, Rs one lakh for grievously injured and Rs 20,000 for those sustaining simple injuries, a railway official said.

Thank You America: Modi to US before leaving for IndiaThank You America: Modi to US before leaving for India
Aviation shares gain on cut in jet fuel pricesAviation shares gain on cut in jet fuel prices
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 09:30 AM IST
Aviation stocks have rallied by up to 6% on the bourse today as state-owned oil companies reduced the price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF) or jet fuel by a steep 3% on the back of falling international oil rates.
Shares of Spicejet has surged 6% to Rs 13.01, while Kingfisher Airlines locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 2.15 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).  Similarly, Jet Airways up nearly 5% to Rs 218.
This is the third reduction in jet fuel rates since July. Declining international oil prices have made imports cheaper, resulting in price reduction, PTI report suggests.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40% of an airline's operating cost and the reduction in prices will ease the burden of the cash-strapped airlines.
 

Xi Jinping unlikely to get directly involvedXi Jinping embraces old guard as Hong Kong challenges party rule
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
China president unlikely to get directly involved
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1bacc8cc-48a6-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EBay plans PayPal spin off next yearStory
eBay follows Carl Icahn's advice, plans PayPal spin off in 2015
Supantha Mukherjee, Lehar Maan,Liana B. Baker and Svea A. Herbst     Bangalore/New York/Boston   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 11:04 IST
A PayPal card sits at a cashier station at a Home Depot store in Daly City, California, February 21, 2012. (Photo: Reuters)
eBay Inc plans next year to spin off PayPal, its fast-growing payments business, giving in to activist investor Carl Icahn's argument for a leaner company better equipped to compete in the competitive mobile payments market .
eBay's shares rose as much as 8 per cent after the company said it would spin off PayPal as a publicly traded company in the second half of 2015, a transaction that will be tax-free to shareholders.
eBay Chief Executive John Donahoe had previously resisted Icahn's proposal, saying PayPal was integral to eBay's business, and vice versa.
Icahn, eBay's sixth-largest shareholder with a 2.48 per cent stake as of June 30, backed off from his demand in April. He also withdrew his two nominees to eBay's board, but in a concession, the company added a 10th independent director.
Several activist investors have stepped up pressure on companies to spin off assets as a way to create value. B/E Aerospace Inc and JDS Uniphase are among those to have agreed, while others such as Darden Restaurants Inc and EMC Corp are fighting it out.
Donahoe, in an interview with the New York Times, acknowledged that eBay was following Icahn's recommended strategy. But he contended the company arrived at its conclusion through "a deliberate process" and not by reacting to pressure.
"A thorough strategic review with our board shows that keeping eBay and PayPal together beyond 2015 clearly becomes less advantageous to each business strategically and competitively," Donahoe said in a statement.
Icahn could not immediately be reached for comment.
The spinoff will separate the payment business - which contributes a little over 40 per cent to eBay's revenue - from its marketplaces and enterprise businesses.
eBay said revenue in its marketplaces and enterprise businesses increased 10 per cent to $9.9 billion in the last four quarters, while PayPal's revenue rose 19 per cent to $7.2 billion.
"By separating marketplace and PayPal, it could make marketplace more attractive as an acquisition (target), which is something that investors have been thinking about since Alibaba's IPO," PiperJaffray analysts wrote.
PayPal faces competition from Google Inc's Google Wallet and a number of other vendors. Apple Inc also plans to enter the online payments market with its Apple Pay service.
"On PayPal, investors will still contemplate the risk of PayPal directly competing with Apple Pay and Google Wallet, which will likely add some uncertainty to PayPal's standalone valuation," PiperJaffray analysts said.
After the spinoff, the new eBay will be headed by Devin Wenig, president of eBay marketplaces and former head of the markets division of Thomson Reuters Corp.
PayPal's chief executive after the spinoff will be Dan Schulman, former head of American Express Co's online and mobile payment business.
"I don't think we would have got Dan if it weren't for having a CEO opportunity and he is just the right guy at the right time," Donahoe said on a conference call with analysts.
Donahoe and Chief Financial Officer Bob Swan will oversee the separation and serve on the boards of both companies.
eBay had a market value of $65.36 billion as of Monday.
The company's shares were trading up 7 per cent at $56.32 on Tuesday morning.
PayPal was founded in the late 1990s and went public in 2002 and was acquired by eBay soon afterward for $1.5 billion.
Goldman Sachs & Co and Allen & Co LLC are eBay's financial advisers and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz is its legal counsel.
(Reuters)

Consumers set to pay for illegal coalblocksA worker unloads coal from a goods train at a railway yard in the Chandigarh. (Reuters)
New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:46 am
More than a third of the penalty burden from the Supreme Court’s cancelling captive coal blocks allocated since 1993 will fall on the state power utilities in four states — Punjab, West Bengal, Karnataka and Rajasthan — and unless the respective state budgets take the hit, the same will be passed on to consumers of power as significant tariff hikes. Assuming the money is recovered from users of power over the next one year, the weighted average tariff hike required would be the highest for Punjab at 20%, followed by West Bengal (8.4%), Karnataka (4.8%) and Rajasthan (1.4%).
Click here for graph
These state utilities along with their private-sector partners would have produced 123 million tonnes of captive coal by March 31, 2015, and will have to cough up an estimated R3,600 crore in penalties at the court-prescribed rate of R295 a tonne.
The private partners — Eastern Minerals and Trading Agency in case of Punjab, West Bengal and Karnataka and Adani Enterprises which is in a joint venture with Rajasthan’s state-run RRVUN — are under no obligation to pay up as the mines were allotted to the respective state undertakings. So contrary to popular perception, not just private companies (without JVs with state undertakings), government power utilities and their hapless consumers will have to bear the brunt of the SC’s judgment.
“We are still in the process of consultations (with the state government) on whether the government pays the penalty or the burden comes to us. The situation will be clear in a day or two,” CMD of Punjab State Power KD Chaudhri told FE.
The Punjab, Rajasthan, Karnataka and West Bengal governments hold some of the 42 operational blocks that the SC said will stand cancelled effective March 31, 2015. It allowed the producing blocks to continue to function under the current dispensations till the end of the fiscal to give the government “breathing space to manage the emerging situation”. After this period, Coal India will manage the blocks till the completion of deallocation.
“We expect the power purchase cost for utilities to rise, particularly in West Bengal and Punjab, where it would increase by R0.50-0.80 per unit given that these plants account for a large share of power purchase,” Crisil said in a recent report.
Apart from the visible cost of penalties, utilities will likely encounter several invisible cost due to uncertainty in the way forward for the operational mines.
The process of handing over operational mines to CIL from the incumbent miner is still vague.
“Transfer of mines to CIL is not likely to be a smooth process considering issues of legal documentation, employees and investment made by existing mine-owners for which they would demand compensation,” Edelweiss said in its report.
Currently, Eastern Minerals and Trading Agency — which holds a continued…

Barack Obama  Narendra Modi pledge to intensify maritimesecurityPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:39 am
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi have pledged to intensify cooperation in maritime security to ensure freedom of navigation in comments that came against the backdrop of China’s expanding maritime ambitions.
A US-India Joint statement issued at the end of summit talks between Obama and Modi at the White House said the two sides also considered enhancing technology partnerships for India’s Navy including assessing possible areas of technology cooperation.
“The leaders agreed to intensify cooperation in maritime security to ensure freedom of navigation and unimpeded movement of lawful shipping and commercial activity, in accordance with the accepted principles of international law.
To achieve this objective the two sides considered enhancing technology partnerships for India’s Navy including assessing possible areas of technology cooperation, the statement said while dealing with issues relating to Defense and Homeland Security cooperation.
The two sides also agreed to upgrade their existing bilateral exercise MALABAR.
The annual MALABAR exercise includes diverse activities, ranging from fighter combat operations to aircraft carriers, through Maritime Interdiction Operations Exercises.

Army helicopter crashes in Bareilly  three officerskilledThe wreckage of the Army helicopter which crashed in Bareilly on Wednesday. Source: PTI
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Bareilly | Posted: October 2, 2014 12:32 am
A Cheetah helicopter belonging to an Army aviation unit in Bareilly district of Uttar Pradesh crashed shortly after it took off on Wednesday morning, killing all three officers on board.
Sources said the helicopter crashed few kilometres from Bareilly around 7.45 am. They said it was on a “maintenance sortie”.
The three officers who were killed were identified as Major Abhijai Thapa, 29, Major Vikas Varyani, 29 and Captain Avinash Somavanshi, 26. According to an officer, Thapa and Somvanshi were pilots and Variyani was an engineer officer. Varyani belonged to Jaipur, Thapa was from Himachal Pradesh and Somavanshi was from Solapur in Maharashtra. Their bodies will be flown to their hometowns on Thursday, sources said.
“General Dalbir Singh, the Chief of Army Staff, and all ranks of the Indian Army express their heartfelt condolences to the grief-stricken families. We pray that god give them the courage and strength to bear this terrible loss,” said the official Twitter handle of Additional Directorate General of Public Information, IHQ of MoD (Army), confirming the identities of the three officers.
Sources said the three officers were on a maintenance sortie. “They had taken off once and landed. And when they went for another sortie, the crash happened almost immediately after the take-off. They died on the spot,” an MoD official said.
The Army has ordered an inquiry into the crash. Sources said that prima facie the cause of the crash appeared to be technical, but the exact cause will be determined only after the inquiry. “It is too early to arrive at determining the cause of the crash,” said an Army official.
The Cheetah-Alouette II is a light helicopter originally manufactured by Sud Aviation and later Aérospatiale, both of France.
The Cheetah has been extensively used in the Himalayas, where it is operating at altitudes beyond 20,000 ft and in Siachen it is the backbone of Army’s strategic military presence.
The Army has for long been pressing for the need to replace these ‘60s helicopters. In fact, in 2007, the then defence minister A K Antony had said in the Rajya Sabha that the “government proposes to withdraw Chetak and Cheetah helicopters from the Army, because the existing fleet of helicopters is of 1960s and 1970s vintage and hence, inadequate for the present operational requirement of the Indian Army”.
Notable accidents involving Cheetah-
January 2003- an Army Aviation Cheetah crashed in Baroda. An inquiry established technical defect as the cause
A Cheetah helicopter of the Indian Air Force (IAF) crashed on April 22, 2004 near LoC in Jammu and Kashmir. The cause of the crash was Human Error.
May 2012 – An army pilot was killed and another injured when the Cheetah helicopter they were flying crashed on the Siachen Glacier, the world’s highest battlefield.

Videocon D2H files for IPO to raise up to Rs 700 crOct 01, 2014, 11.18 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Videocon D2H files for IPO to raise up to Rs 700 cr
The company had received the regulator’s approval in March 2013 for its proposed IPO but did not launch the same due to bad market conditions.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Videocon D2H files for IPO to raise up to Rs 700 cr
The company had received the regulator’s approval in March 2013 for its proposed IPO but did not launch the same due to bad market conditions.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Direct to home service provider Videocon D2H has filed for an initial public offer (IPO) to raise up to Rs 700 crore, the market regulator Sebi said on Wednesday.
The company had received the regulator’s approval in March 2013 for its proposed IPO but did not launch the same due to bad market conditions.
In an earlier interview to CNBC-TV18, the chairman and managing director Venugopal Dhoot had said that Videocon D2H is looking at a Diwali release for its proposed float.
When asked whether the proceeds will be used purely for acquisition or to repay some of the debt, Dhoot has said it would mainly be for expansion.
“We would like to go up to 2 crore customers very soon. Then we will have a big strength and for that expansion purpose we would be requiring money. Debt we will be paying back out of the EBITDA profit which we will be getting and that is quite in control. So, for DTH, the expansion money will be required and that is why we decided to go for IPO,” he had said.
RELATED NEWS

TCS  Wipro  MM  Bajaj Auto to get astro support: GuptaEvery year with commencement on new Samvat (Hindu New Year), astrologically, based on planetary position, certain new sectors start getting astrological support & outperform, while others remain laggard.
During last samavat 2070 among other sectors, pharma and IT sectors received strong astrological support & outperformed.
One should trade only in the stocks of that sectors which are getting very strong astrologically support, since the chances of losing money in such stocks are very less.
Sectors which get strong astro support are not normally affected by downfall in the market.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Socrus Bio Sciences: Outcome of AGMSocrus Bio Sciences: Outcome of AGM
Market may open slightly lowerMarket may open slightly lower
Islam and its interpretationsUpdated: September 29, 2014 01:24 IST
Islam and its interpretations  
What is unique about Islam is that while other religious movements, particularly Christianity, got over their early violent origins, it failed to move on and update its theological precepts  
What is Islam?
I know Islam’s critics will be dying to answer this question, but it is more important to hear it from Muslims themselves because, after all, it is their conflicting interpretations of Islam which are behind so much of the confusion and mayhem around the world. A religion of peace, yet a religion which is invoked to wreak such mindless violence. A religion which is said to accord dignity, respect and equality to women; yet a religion in which a woman’s testimony is only half as good as a man’s. A religion which exhorts its followers to gain knowledge even if it means “going to China”; yet some of whose most noisy campaigners despise knowledge and are prepared to kill little girls for attending school. And a religion which preaches tolerance and coexistence; yet which has become synonymous with hate and intolerance.
So, what is Islam really about?
Islamic theology
In his book, What Is History?, E.H. Carr urged people to read the historian before they read his or her history in order to get a sense of where that historian is coming from. Many Muslims will say that the same analogy applies to Islam: its interpretation depends on who is interpreting it. So, extremists will interpret it to suit their own agenda while moderate Muslims would offer a different interpretation. But the trouble with this explanation is that it is at odds with the claim that Islam is so perfect, that it is beyond debate or interpretation. Its teachings and edicts are meant to be immutable. Take it or leave it. This claim itself then takes a knock when we hear so many bewilderingly different interpretations that, let alone non-Muslims, even ordinary Muslims are left confused and frustrated. A healthy internal debate is one thing, but tawdry public disputes over the fundamentals of Islam — jihad, sharia, caliphate — is quite another.
What, then, is the problem?
To be fair, it is not entirely the fault of interpreters, and in this I include those who wilfully misinterpret it to promote their sectarian or extremist ideas. The potential for misinterpretation and misunderstanding lies in Islamic theology itself. The Koranic text is a minefield of ambiguity, allowing people to cherry-pick its equivocal and often contradictory verses to back their argument. Similarly, it is easy to manipulate Hadith (a compilation of Prophet Mohammad’s sayings and teachings), another major source of legitimacy for Islamic acts. This is because they are too numerous, were pronounced in vastly different situations, and compiled many years after his death with the result that their precise meaning was frequently lost in translation. Sometimes they were quoted outside the original context. They are routinely plucked out of context to support bizarre claims.
Then there is the problem of “inauthentic” Hadith — sayings attributed to the Prophet which he may or may not have uttered. Even many authentic Hadith have been found to be flawed because of misinterpretation or contextual errors.
On jihad
We have seen a great deal of quibbling over the meaning of jihad. Muslims insist that the “real” concept of jihad does not involve violence and bears no resemblance to Islamists’ interpretation of it. The “real” or “greater” jihad, they say, means a peaceful inner spiritual struggle. An armed struggle against an external enemy is regarded as “lesser” jihad and permitted only in specific circumstances — for example, in self-defence. Theoretically true. Yet, it is also true that around the dining table in Muslim households, the term jihad is invariably used in its violent sense and mentioned in the same breath as “kaafirs.” I grew up in an extremely liberal environment, but I don’t recall, in private conversations, jihad ever being referred to in its philosophical sense. In Indian Muslim discourse, the term normally used for personal struggles, whether social, economic or emotional, is “jaddo jehad” derived from Urdu.
Extremists can be accused of inventing circumstances that, in their opinion, would justify violent jihad, or of targeting the wrong “enemy,” and using appallingly brutal methods of executing their “jihad.” But they cannot be accused of inventing the notion of violent jihad itself. There is no denying the streak of violence which — according to distinguished British Pakistani Islamic scholar Ziauddin Sardar — is “inherent” in Islam. But that is not the point. All religions, especially those which set out to gain followers through proselytisation and to conquer empires, have violent histories. Campaigns to “Christianise” Pagan Europe in the Middle Ages were not always peaceful, and then, of course, there is the bloody history of Inquisition and the Crusades.
To a large extent, Islam is often wrongly and wilfully portrayed as being somehow unique in having had a violent history. But what is unique about Islam is that while other religious movements, particularly Christianity, got over their early violent origins, it failed to move on and update its theological precepts. There has been no Islamic equivalent of Enlightenment and Renaissance, and the Islamic mindset remains awkwardly out of step with historical progress, and therefore with modern times — a hiatus reinforced by attempts to assert an Islamic identity through beards and hijabs.
But to return to the question, “what is Islam?” ask any Muslim and they will solemnly enumerate all its nobler aspects: its emphasis on community and oneness which has made it the world’s fastest growing religion; its rejection of caste or class; the spirit of inquiry it fosters; its command not to bow to any temporal authority (thumbs down for authoritarianism and dictatorship); its stress on simple and spartan living; a unique system of zakat to prevent concentration of wealth in a few individual hands; a complete “no, no” to social and economic exploitation; and its egalitarianism. Prophet Mohammed personally oversaw huge reforms in the pre-Islamic slavery practices in Arabia and appointed a former Ethiopian slave, Bilal Ibn Ribah as the first Muezzin in Islam after helping him gain freedom.
Faces of Islam
Muslims will cite Koranic verses and Hadith to underline Islamic injunctions against violence; its command to treat women with respect and accord them equality; its message of tolerance, love, brotherhood, and its exhortation that we treat even our enemies with respect and try to win them over through love and persuasion rather than force. But this is one face of Islam. It also has another, less pleasant, face. For, the Islam preached by the Taliban and their fellow travellers is also Islam; and if you ask them, they will also cite Koranic verses and Hadith to back their claims. Their methods may be extreme but their philosophy does derive legitimately from the same Islamic theology that the good face of Islam does. Muslims must stop being in denial about it.
And this brings us back to what lies at the heart of the problem with Islam — namely the somewhat rough-and-ready nature of the fundamentals of Islamic sources, including the Koran, the central religious text of Islam comprising truths which, Muslims believe, were revealed to the Prophet by Allah from time to time until his death. The Koranic text, in the form of “aayts’’ (verses), is not thematically linked nor provides context with the result that an “aayt” which might have originated in a specific context is sometimes contradicted by another “aayt” on the subject but stated in a different context. This allows a free-for-all scramble for people to grab what might suit them in a given situation. Hence the confusion and the spectacle of extremists and their opponents both quoting the Koran in support of their positions. There is a similar confusion over Hadith, as explained earlier.
The way out is for an Islamic equivalent of the New Testament. Learned Islamic scholars need to put their heads together and present basic scriptures in a manner that the meaning and context of every “aayt” and every Hadith is made unambiguously clear, leaving no room for misinterpretation or misrepresentation. This annotated text should then be declared as the authorised version of Islamic beliefs. Otherwise, we will continue to struggle to understand what real Islam is while leaving the field open for fanatics to distort it at will.
(Hasan Suroor is the author of India’s Muslim Spring: Why Is Nobody Talking About It? E-mail: hasan.suroor@gmail.com)

Apples HQ & India mgmt in a tussle over launch of iPhone 6» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Apple's India unit wants iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus to be launched on Diwali, Cupertino roots for November
By Writankar Mukherjee , ET Bureau | 30 Sep, 2014, 06.58AM IST
Apple last week announced that it had sold more than 10 million units of the iPhone 6and iPhone 6Plus models in just three days.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOLKATA: Apple's headquarters in Cupertino and its management in India are locked in a tussle over the launch of the new iPhone devices in India.
While the parent wants to delay the launch to early November due to unprecedented demand for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in the US and the China launch likely next week, the India team and distributors in the country want to make the most of upcoming festive demand by launching it before Diwali, which falls on October 23. More so because it will be leaving the field wide open to top rival Samsung , which will be launching its flagship devices by then.
That there is strong demand in India is borne out by prices in the grey market. On eBay India, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are available for between Rs 57,990 and Rs 1.29 lakh, based on the model and internal memory.
No marketing hype yet
In grey markets such as Mumbai's Heera Panna shopping complex and Kolkata's AC Market and Fancy Market, the 16GB variant of the iPhone 6 is the most commonly available model at around Rs 60,000-62,000.
There's a waiting period of seven to 10 days for the iPhone 6 Plus and larger memory variants of the iPhone 6. There is no clarity on what the devices will cost officially in India.
The trade has also informed Apple that it would be difficult to surpass last year's record sales of the iPhone 5s — 2 lakh units in the October-December quarter — if the launch takes place after Diwali. To be sure, things didn't go off smoothly last year --iPhone 5s supplies were patchy, leading to a retail stock shortage, something Apple wants to avoid this year.
According to three senior executives with Apple's trade's partners in India, there is no clarity on the India launch date, which is why the company is still not able to drum up marketing hype around the new handsets through avenues such as pre-bookings.
"The India team wants it to launch before Diwali like always but the unprecedented global demand for the new iPhones is making Cupertino think otherwise, which is why unlike other years there is not much buzz in the trade yet," one of the executives said on condition of anonymity. An email query sent to Apple did not elicit any response as of press time.
Apple last week announced that it had sold more than 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models in just three days after the launch on September 19 in 10 markets, setting a new record for the company. It further announced the availability of the new iPhones in 20 additional countries last week and said the devices will be launched in 115 countries by the end of the year.Apple CEO Tim Cook said last week that while the company has managed the manufacturing ramp-up better than ever before with the new iPhones, it could have sold many more if supply was better and is working hard to fill orders as quickly as possible. There is widespread speculation that Apple will debut the new models later this week in China.

Apple software update protects Macs from  Bash  bugApple software update protects Macs from 'Bash' bug
By AFP | 30 Sep, 2014, 10.32AM IST
Technology experts last week warned of a vulnerability in some computer operating systems that could allow widespread and serious attacks by hackers.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Apple on Monday issued a software update to protect Macintosh computers from being bitten by a recently discovered "Bash" bug seen as a threat to Internet-linked devices.
Apple said the update released for OS X Lion , Mountain Lion , and Mavericks versions of its computer operating software patch a Unix shell flaw billed as a dangerous weakness that could be exploited by hackers.
Even though the flaw was found in Unix-based Mac OS and Linux operating systems, most users of Apple computers were believed to have been protected due to default settings in the software running Macintosh machines, according to the California-based company.
"The vast majority of (Macintosh) OS X users are not at risk to recently reported 'Bash' vulnerabilities," an Apple spokesman said in an email to AFP last week.
"With OS X, systems are safe by default and not exposed to remote exploits of Bash unless users configure advanced Unix services."
The US government and technology experts last week warned of a vulnerability in some computer operating systems that could allow widespread and serious attacks by hackers.
Security specialists say that if hackers develop malware to exploit the weakness, millions of Internet-connected devices could be at risk -- from web servers to personal computers to routers, as well as any "smart" or wearable electronic devices using the software.
Some said the security hole would be more damaging than the " Heartbleed " bug which affected millions of computers worldwide earlier this year.
Patches were being made available for the flaw, which is also called " Shellshock ."

Xiaomi & Meizu offer tough competition to iPhone 6 in ChinaBut the grey market for the new iPhones has already dried up, even though they will not officially go on sale in China for a few weeks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Paul Mozur and Shanshan Wang
HONG KONG: When Apple's latest iPhones went on sale this month in Hong Kong, Singapore and New York , among the hip urbanites and tech-obsessed was another group clamoring for the devices: Chinese scalpers looking to make a premium by flipping the phones to smugglers.
But the grey market for the new iPhones has already dried up, even though they will not officially go on sale in China for a few weeks, at the earliest.
Wholesalers who helped orchestrate the smuggling of tens of thousands of the phones into the country are now slashing prices to move inventory. At an electronics market in central Beijing, one retailer was recently selling the low-end iPhone 6 and 6 Plus for 6,500 renminbi to 8,800 renminbi ($1,060 to $1,436), down from 12,000 renminbi to 15,000 renminbi ($1,960 to $2,450) just after the release.
"Stocks of the iPhone 6 are way too high right now," said one wholesaler of smuggled iPhones in Beijing's northwestern tech hub Zhongguancun.
The smugglers' experience represents the new reality for Apple in China.
Four years ago, the iPhone 4 was a status symbol, with the black market booming before the product was officially introduced. Today, the iPhone is simply one option among many, as local companies like Xiaomi and Meizu Technology rival Apple in terms of coolness while charging less than half the price.

iPhone 6 finally cleared for China launchApple iPhone 6 finally cleared for launch in China
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 30, 2014: 2:56 AM ET
 
How much does your iPhone really cost?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Apple has finally been granted regulatory approval by the Chinese government to sell the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
The company received a key license after addressing various security risks concerning personal data that had been raised by Chinese state-owned media outlets, according to a government statement.
Apple said its new smartphones will go on sale Oct. 17, nearly a month after the devices first hit stores in select countries around the world. Pre-orders will begin Oct. 10.
The debut will mark the first time that all three of China's biggest state-run wireless carriers will be able to offer the new iPhone at launch. China Mobile, the largest, became the final major carrier to ink an iPhone agreement with Apple in December.
Related: Apple iPhone 6 goes on sale, and the lines are insane
Apple's coveted iPhones have typically gone on sale in China after they've been released for sale around the world, leaving black market smugglers to fill the gap with phones that are bought legitimately in stores as far away as New York.
In the days after the iPhone 6 launch, the phones were on sale outside Apple stores in Beijing for $1,000 over Hong Kong prices.
Apple competes against a slew of rivals in China, including Samsung and local smartphone maker Xiaomi . Samsung's latest offering, the Galaxy Note 4, went on sale Monday.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 2:56 AM ET
Most Popular

Priced at Rs 49 990  will BlackBerry Passport win heartsHome
Priced at Rs 49,990, will BlackBerry Passport win hearts in India?
Price at Rs 49,990, the BlackBerry Passport comes packed with Quad Core 2.2 GHz Processor with three GB RAM and 32 GB memory and 13 mega pixel rear and two mega pixel front cameras.
Yahoo India Tue 30 Sep, 2014
More Photos
Prev Next
After months of teasing, BlackBerry's latest and most interesting device for some time, the Passport, has finally launched in India at a price of Rs 49,990.
After months of teasing, BlackBerry's latest and most interesting device for some time, the Passport, has finally launched in India at a price of Rs 49,990.

Reserve Bank Keeps Rates on Hold  Warns on InflationYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Keeps Rates on Hold, Warns on Inflation
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 13:43 (IST)
Commercial Mining of Coal to be Allowed After Auction: Finance Minister
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) sent a strong signal on Tuesday that it will refrain from cutting interest rates until it is confident that consumer inflation can be reduced to a target of 6 per cent by January 2016.
The RBI policy review statement reinforced Governor Raghuram Rajan's commitment to tame inflation in a country that has long struggled with prices rising at double digit levels annually, causing most distress for the country's poor.
The RBI kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8.0 per cent, as widely expected, and also left its main liquidity levers - the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and the cash reserve ratio (CRR) - untouched.
Warning of upside risks to its 2016 inflation target, the RBI said policy moves would hinge on inflation trends.
"This continues to warrant policy preparedness to contain pressures if the risks materialise," the RBI statement said. "Therefore, the future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data."
Consumer price inflation slowed to 7.8 per cent in August, making the RBI far more confident that the near-term target of 8 per cent inflation in January would be met.
In a separate report on inflation, the RBI spelled out its concerns for the future, noting elevated inflation expectations among households and an enduring risk of higher food prices because structural issues were taking time to solve.
The central bank projected inflation to ease to 6 per cent by November but soon rise to around 8 per cent by January through March 2015 as a favourable base effect is likely to reverse.
A Reuters poll last week showed most analysts expect the RBI will not cut interest rates until the April-June quarter.
"The key takeaway is that the central bank is now focused on achieving the 6 percent inflation target rather than the 8 per cent target," said Soumyajit Niyogi, an analyst for SBI DFHI Primary Dealership.
Economy to Grow Faster
Investors in India's bonds are happy with the priority Dr Rajan gave to breaking the "back of inflation" in a speech last week. And, on Tuesday, the benchmark 10-year paper was down 1 basis point to 8.48 per cent from its previous close.
Filled with hope by the election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi last May, investors in India's booming stock market have been undeterred by the high interest rates.
The new Modi government has backed Dr Rajan, though the RBI's strategy is far less popular with businesses, which want relief from high interest rates, and banks which want to lend more.
The RBI on Tuesday reiterated its economic growth projection at 5.5 per cent for 2014/15 and said it expects the economy to grow 6.3 per cent in 2015/16.
Mr Modi's reformist government will want more priority to be given to boosting economic growth, but it will have to play its part by remedying structural issues that create supply bottlenecks, and by reducing its fiscal deficit.
In the absence of rate cuts, all the RBI has offered so far this year to help growth has been modest measures to make more credit available.
Ultimately, India needs far stronger investment if it is to decisively recover from the sub-five percent growth suffered in the past two years, and grow fast enough to provide jobs for the millions of young people entering the labour market.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

BSE to auction govt bonds worth Rs 4 176 cr on Oct 1BSE to auction government bonds worth Rs 4,176 crore today
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 12:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), the country's largest bourse, will on Wednesday auction government debt securities worth Rs 4,176 crore for overseas investors .
The auction would be conducted for overseas investors at the ebidXchange platform of the BSE for government debt securities, as per information provided by the bourse.
"...Live bidding session for allocation of debt investment limits for FII (Foreign Institutional Investors)and Sub-accounts shall be conducted on Wednesday, October 1, 2014 on exchange's 'ebidxchange'," BSE said in a circular issued on Tuesday.
The debt auction quotas give overseas investors the right to invest in debt up to the limit purchased.
The auction will begin at 3:30 pm and will close at 5:30 pm. A mock bidding session would be conducted on Tuesday to check the system performance.
In the auction conducted by National Stock Exchange (NSE) earlier this month, government bonds had attracted bids worth Rs 4,963 crore , against such securities valued Rs 3,117 crore on offer.
Foreign investors have invested a net amount of over Rs 1.2 lakh crore in debt market so far in 2014. Equity market has also seen similar trends with overseas fund inflow of over Rs 83,000 crore since the beginning of the year.

Chopperdeal: 70 million Euros received as kickback  ED to courtPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 30, 2014 7:28 pm
Businessman Gautam Khaitan, arrested in connection with the Rs 3,600-crore AgustaWestland chopper deal case , on Tuesday was remanded in five-day Enforcement Directorate (ED) custody after the probe agency alleged that Rs 360 crore was paid as kickbacks in the entire deal.
Khaitan, who was on the board of Chandigarh-based company Aeromatrix which was allegedly a front firm for the financial dealings in the chopper deal, was produced before the court after expiry of his seven days custodial interrogation and ED sought extension of his remand by a week.
Seeking extension of his custody, ED prosecutor Naveen Kumar Matta told Metropolitan Magistrate Sunil Kumar Sharma that during the probe conducted by the agency, they have found that in the 552.25 million Euros deal, 70 million Euros was paid as kickbacks between 2010 and 2012.
“During the investigation, we have found that in this 552.25 million Euros deal, 70 million Euros was paid as kickbacks. The probe in Italy in the matter is going on and we are here to trace the proceeds of crime,” Matta said.
Senior advocate P V Kapur, appearing for Khaitan, opposed the contentions of ED saying there was no apprehension that his client will flee from justice and he had always cooperated in a separate probe being conducted by the CBI in the matter.
He argued that no proper justification has been given by ED to seek Khaitan’s custody for another seven days.
“He (Khaitan) is a soft target. More serious allegations have been levelled against other co-accused. Khaitan, being a lawyer, is the softest target whereas others have not been arrested yet,” Kapur argued.
The court, after hearing the submissions of both the parties, extended the ED’s custody of Khaitan by five more days.

Assam flood toll rises to 43; nearly six lakh affectedIn Goalpara, nearly 3.7 lakh people are affected and more than around 80,000 in Kamrup Rura. (Source: PTI)
Guwahati | Posted: September 30, 2014 8:13 pm
The flood situation in Assam continued to remain grim with report of one more death today, taking the toll to 43 so far, while nearly six lakh people are affected in the natural disaster.
According to the daily flood report by Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA), one body was recovered in the worst-hit Goalpara district.
With this, 20 people have lost their lives in Goalpara, followed by 16 deaths in Kamrup Rural, six in Kamrup Metro and one in Dhubri during the latest wave of floods in Assam.
ASDMA said 431 villages across six districts are still affected in the flood with nearly six lakh people affected due  to the flood waters.
In Goalpara, nearly 3.7 lakh people are affected, followed almost one lakh in Nagaon and more than around 80,000 in Kamrup Rural, it added.
The authorities are operating 165 relief camps and shelter homes, where around 1.5 lakh people are staying at this moment.
In Goalpara, around 70,000 people are staying at relief  camps, while almost 60,000 people are living in such places in Nagaon, ASDMA said.
Over 93,000 hectares of crop area are still under water across the state. In Goalpara, over 37,000 hectares of area have been affected, hitting nearly 83,000 farm families.
In Goalpara, 81,582 houses were either fully or partially damaged due to the flood.
ASDMA said there have been reports of severe damage of government infrastructure like schools, health centres and offices in many districts n account of the natural disaster.
Meanwhile, Brahmaputra is flowing above the danger mark at Nimatighat in Jorhat district and Kopili at Dharamtul in Nagaon, ASDMA said.
The affected six districts are Goalpara, Kamrup Rural, Nagaon, Morigaon, Nalbari and Dhemaji.

Microsoft introduces Windows 10By James O'Toole   @jtotoole September 30, 2014: 3:28 PM ET
 
28 years of Windows in :75
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Meet the new and improved Windows.
No, it's not Windows 9 -- Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) is going straight from Windows 8 to Windows 10.
Microsoft showed off the latest version of its flagship operating system at an event in San Francisco Tuesday. It wasn't a complete unveiling -- Microsoft focused on a handful of features that will benefit business customers.
Here's a quick rundown:
- Return of the Start menu. After being inexplicably removed from Windows 8, the Start menu is back, and includes a new personalizable space for favorite apps, programs and websites.
- Apps in windows. With Windows 10, Microsoft has standardized the format for apps from the Windows Store and regular desktop programs. Both now run in traditional windows that can be resized and minimized from the bar at the top.
Related: Microsoft buys Minecraft for $2.5 billion
- Multiple desktops. A feature Mac users have enjoyed for years: the ability to create and swap between different desktops.
- A soup-ed Snap. The "Snap" feature, which allows users to work on multiple apps at once from the same screen, has been redesigned with a new quadrant layout to allow for up to four programs at once.
- New Task view button. A new button on the task bar takes you straight to a single screen that displays all your open apps and files (the old Alt + Tab trick).
One noteworthy aspect of Tuesday's announcement was the revelation that Microsoft will allow business customers to choose specific Windows features to upgrade one at a time, rather than being forced to transition all at once from an older version.
Windows 10 is a key part of new CEO Satya Nadella's effort to position Microsoft as a "mobile-first, cloud-first" company with a particular emphasis on productivity software. The goal is to make products like Office, Outlook and Skype staples for individual customers regardless of the device they're using, and to transform Windows from a desktop operating system to cloud computing platform that can be accessed from anywhere.
Related: Under Ballmer, Clippers bench the iPad
Microsoft says Windows 10 "will run across the broadest range of devices ever," from consumer products like PCs, tablets, Xboxes and phones to enterprise data centers and "Internet of Things" connected devices. There will be just a single app store for all these formats, and Microsoft says it will be possible for developers to write an application once and then deploy it across device types.
The company didn't provide a timeline for when it would announce new consumer-focused features, let alone when Windows 10 would be available to the public. Microsoft typically shows off Windows features incrementally to customers to try them out and provide feedback.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 2:51 PM ET
Most Popular

40 Years Ago... And now: Tata Motors - The car dream that turned sour40 Years Ago... And now: Tata Motors - The car dream that turned sour
Krishna Kant |  Oct 01, 2014 12:48 AM IST
At the annual shareholders' meeting of Tata Motors (then Tata Engineering and Locomotive Company, or Telco) in August 2001, Ratan Tata offered to resign from the company's chairmanship if shareholders so wished. Though Tata's offer remained just that - merely an offer - quite a few shareholders and analysts criticised the management strategy of transforming Telco into a full-fledged passenger car maker.
The trigger for the collective angst was the company's results for 1999-2000, which were announced just three months prior to the shareholders' meeting. Telco had reported its biggest yearly loss of Rs 500 crore, partly due to the fact that it had invested nearly Rs 1,700 crore, which was a quarter of its revenue in the mid-1990s, to develop an indigenous passenger car from scratch. But the Indica, which was commercially launched in 1998, proved to be a cash guzzler. It was only after the launch of the V2 that the Indica tasted success and became India's second largest selling hatchback by the middle of 2004. But the success proved to be short-lived as sales took a hard knock after competition closed in. Volumes began to lag from 2005-06.
The story is almost the same for other Tata models. Before the Indica, Telco had launched the Tata Sierra in 1991. The model was a cross between a utility vehicle and a passenger car, but could not retain its appeal for long. Since then, the Tatas have launched over a dozen different models of cars and utility vehicles, but success has been elusive despite the initial excitement.
When the Sumo hit the road in 1994, customers who were used to the vagaries of soft-top utility vehicles, saw it as a refreshing change and lapped it up. Within two years, Telco came close to becoming the top utility maker, till its thunder was stolen by Toyota's Qualis and Mahindra's Bolero. Telco didn't upgrade the Sumo in time, allowing the competition to catch up.
Tata Safari, India's first indigenous sports utility vehicle, met a similar fate. When first launched in 1998, it was ahead of its time, but the product was not upgraded for over a decade, turning it into - as an analyst describes it - an old daddy in its segment.
The biggest setback for Tata Motors was, of course, failure of the Nano. Touted as a the world's cheapest car and the centre piece of Tata's strategy to tap the opportunity at the 'bottom of the pyramid', the car failed to excite buyers after the initial hype. Its positioning and brand narrative became too downmarket for India's middle class, for whom buying a car is a statement of financial and professional success.
The net result of all this is evident. During the year ended March 2014, Tata Motors sold as many passenger cars in India as it did in 2003-04. Many say Tata Motors has perhaps paid the price for being too ambitious. Just think of it - its portfolio includes the country's cheapest car (Nano) as well as the expensive sports utility vehicle (Aria). Even Maruti Suzuki, which sells nearly 10 times more cars than Tata Motors, doesn't straddle so many segments. The story might have been different if Tata Motors had tried to win one segment at a time just like it built its commercial vehicle business.
Financial ups and downs
Tata Motors is no stranger to financial volatility. The company was set up at the dawn of India's independence to manufacture locomotives (for trains) and construction equipment. Within a few years, it diversified into commercial vehicles and became the market leader by the early 1970s with two out of every three trucks on Indian roads carrying a Tata badge. While the success made Telco an automotive behemoth and the second most important company in Bombay House after Tata Steel (then Tisco), it was faced with a peculiar problem.
Commercial vehicles are a painfully cyclical business, and every boom is followed by a deep and painful downturn that could set the company and its shareholders back by years. Being the market leader with a large installed capacity, a downturn was more painful to Telco's shareholders. This is clear from a cursory look at the company's financial ratios over the years.
The company offered stable and predictable returns on equity (RoE) to shareholders till the mid-1970s.
There was a spike in profitability in the next few years, but the good run was ruptured by the economic slowdown in the late 1980s. In the year ending March 1987, Telco's RoE declined to 1.4 per cent, a ratio previously seen in the early 1950s when the company was still in its infancy.
A JOURNEY ON FOUR WHEELS
1988: Launched Tata Mobile, India's first pick-up truck
 
1991: Introduced Tata Sierra, a cross between an SUV and pick-up
 
1992: Introduced Tata Estate
 
1994: Tata Sumo hit showrooms, company's first utility vehicle built from scratch and powered by engine from its LCV range
 
1998: Indigenously developed passenger car Tata Indica showcased at Auto Expo
 
1998: Tata Safari, India's first sports utility vehicle hits showrooms
 
2001: Launched second-generation Indica: Indica V2
 
2002: Launched its first sedan Tata Indigo built on Indica platform
 
2005: Tata Safari upgraded with new common rail engine
 
2007: Tata Motors and FIAT establish a joint venture in India
 
2008: Unveiled Tata Nano at Auto Expo
 
2008: Acquired Jagaur land Rover from Ford Motor Co
 
2008: Launched new generation Tata Indica Vista
 
2009: Launchednew generation of Tata Indigo Manza
 
2010: Launched of Tata Aria, India's first crossover
 
2012: Launched next generation Tata Safari Storme
 
2014: Unveiled Tata Zest and Bolt at Auto Expo
The cyclicality worsened as the Indian economy was progressively opened up to competition, including foreign capital, from the early 1980s. The die was cast when Ratan Tata took over as chairman in 1988: If Telco wanted to retain its financial heft and its numero uno position in the automotive sector, it had to de-risk itself from the commercial vehicle cycle and diversify into the more predictable and fast growing passenger car business.
"Since we already had 60 per cent share of the commercial vehicle business, how much farther can we go in that segment? We needed to have another segment. Having been in the television business (Nelco) and seeing that grow, I was quite convinced that the car business was going to be a big business, provided we were at the lower end," said Tata in a media interview about his strategy to push the company towards passenger cars.
In the interview, Tata also revealed that Sumant Moolgaonkar, the legendary former chairman of Telco, and J R D Tata, in fact, wanted to get into passenger cars much earlier.
It had signed up with Honda in 1986 to manufacture the Accord in India, but the government refused permission, forcing it to invest in product development in-house.
Thus began Telco's struggle to find a place in the domestic passenger car market without losing focus on its bread-and-butter commercial vehicle business.
The journey has been rough indeed. But for the 2007 acquisition and turnaround of Jaguar Land Rover, Tata Motors would have been in deep trouble now. JLR, which has emerged as the fastest growing and one of the most profitable luxury car makers in the world, now accounts for nearly 90 per cent of Tata Motors' consolidated revenues and all of its profits.
Meanwhile, the struggle in the domestic market continues. Will Zest, the latest Tata Motors showpiece, reverse the trend? One has to wait and see.

Feds Unveil Cleanup Plan for Nuclear Waste DumpAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Hong Kong protesters boo the Chinese flag as Beijings shadow loomsThe Future of Hong Kong
October 1, 2014
HONG KONG—China celebrates “National Day” on October 1 to mark the anniversary of the creation of the People’s Republic of China in 1949. The holiday is usually punctuated with pomp, fireworks and ridiculously large flower arrangements on the mainland, as well as in Hong Kong and Macau.
But this morning’s National Day flag-raising ceremony in Hong Kong highlighted the growing tensions between the Asian financial hub and Beijing. As Hong Kong’s pro-democracy protesters demanding universal suffrage—specifically the right to nominate candidates for the city’s top elected position—expand in size and scope,  everyone is waiting to see how and when Beijing will respond.
Chinese and Hong Kong flags are raised every morning at Golden Bauhinia Square, outside Hong Kong’s massive convention center, in a short ceremony that is usually just attended by mainland and foreign tourists. (A bauhinia is the flower that adorns the Hong Kong flag.) This morning, because it is National Day, Occupy Central organizer Joshua Wong and a group of about 20 Hong Kong protesters staged a silent protest in the square during the ceremony, turning their backs to the flags as they were raised, forming crosses with their hands.
Joshua Wong leads students in silent protest at National Day flag-raising in Hong Kong http://t.co/uGlGTxAcvT pic.twitter.com/EczQ7KibaU
— SCMP News (@SCMP_News) October 1, 2014
Outside the official flag-raising ceremony area, things were much less sedate. Several hundred black-clad, yellow-ribboned protesters ranged across pedestrian walkways and thronged streets outside the square, carrying signs and volleying back and forth shouts of “universal suffrage” and occasional cries for Hong Kong to become independent.
The growth of the protests in recent days has been both a blessing and a curse, some participants said. “We appreciate all the people who have come out,” said Daniel Chan, a 21-year old student who has been participating in the Occupy Central protests for the past three days. But, he said, some of the newer recruits “don’t understand the meaning of the movement.” Chanting slogans of independence “is not our purpose,” he said, the movement only wants Hong Kongers to be able to vote freely.
As the Chinese national anthem played as the China and Hong Kong flags were raised, protesters outside the square unfurled umbrellas, which have become a symbol of the demonstrations , and held them silently aloft. But they didn’t stay silent for long: When two helicopters flew past the crowd over Victoria Harbor, one carrying a giant Chinese flag and the second a smaller Hong Kong flag, the protesters burst into spontaneous jeers.
Umbrellas up and boos as the Chinese flag is flown by over HK harbor #OccupyCentral pic.twitter.com/fOMGihVqYI
— Heather Timmons  (@HeathaT) October 1, 2014
After the flag raising, Bloomberg reported , Hong Kong chief executive Leung Chun-ying and other officials “drank champagne on a red stage in a reception hall festooned with Chinese and Hong Kong flags as a white-coated band played patriotic tunes.”
Minutes later, protesters quietly dispersed into the streets of Wan Chai, one of Hong Kong’s main business districts. Chan said he didn’t expect any reaction from Beijing to the Occupy Central protests. “I don’t think they will respond at this moment,” he said. “We’re all protesting in a peaceful way.”
 

Will October rattle markets more than usualOct 01, 2014, 08.23 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
Will October rattle markets more than usual?
Markets enter the month on a wave of heightened volatility, and are already showing signs of being spooked by the Fed and concerns about European and Chinese growth.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Will October rattle markets more than usual?
Markets enter the month on a wave of heightened volatility, and are already showing signs of being spooked by the Fed and concerns about European and Chinese growth.
Post your opinion here
 
While often a scary month, this October has an especially long list of demons for markets to contend with—from the major shift in US monetary policy and a global economic slowdown to a host of percolating geopolitical hazards, from Kiev to Hong Kong to Brasilia.
This week alone, there is a European Central Bank meeting Thursday, where it is expected to detail its asset-backed purchase program, coming just as the Fed is stepping back. There is also the September employment report Friday, a key data point for the Fed, and there are general elections in Brazil over the weekend.
Markets enter the month on a wave of heightened volatility, and are already showing signs of being spooked by the Fed and concerns about European and Chinese growth.
"October is historically a turnaround month, where the markets tend to turn around after weakness but often the weakness carries on into October. Maybe, we have to get to the middle of the month—until we get some Chinese data and then we turn around. We think stocks are probably headed higher from here to year end," said Jeff Kleintop, chief international market strategist at Charles Schwab.
Read More Why the next global crisis may come from China
October is a critical turning point for Fed policy and in a highly choreographed wind down, the Fed October 29 is expected to announce it is finishing its quantitative easing—the controversial bond buying program that many strategists say has added liquidity and helped provide a strong backdrop for stock market gains.
The Fed then begins a slow walk toward its first rate hike sometime next year, so each piece of economic data is even more important than usual since that is what is guiding the Fed's hand.
"This is the first time in years that we're looking forward to the next year, and people are starting to think about allocations and investments ... and you're highly confident you're facing an interest rate hike," said John Briggs, head of cross asset strategy at RBS. Briggs said the market's "buy the dip" mantra may no longer stand. "We don't know what kind of rate hike cycle we'll see, but we're fairly certain it's going to begin next year."
Economists mostly expect the first rate hike in midyear 2015, but that could shift depending on the economy. That puts the onus on US data, starting this Friday with the September employment report, expected to show 225,000 jobs were created and an unemployment rate, barely changed at 6.1 percent.
JP Morgan chief economist Bruce Kasman said October data will be a critical stage setter for the fourth quarter, following on two positive quarters for US growth after the first quarter's dismal weather-related slump.
"We're turning to the fourth quarter, which is an important quarter as to how its playing itself out...The issue now is do we sustain the momentum. We've had a good run and I think it's impressive how the US has held up through the late summer," he said.
Read More S&P 500, Nasdaq extend quarterly win streak to seven
Kasman said he is watching to see how much a lift the consumer will get from lower inflation, largely due to lower gasoline and other energy prices, and whether there is weakness coming into the economy from overseas.
"I'm concerned with the fact that we've had three times in this expansion growth pick up for a couple of quarters, and each time it's turned back over," he said. "We want to see if something new is kicking in here, as we go into the fourth quarter."
A highlight of the third quarter has been the strong performance of the US greenback, with the dollar index up nearly 8 percent—its best quarterly gain in six years. The dollar has ridden the tail wind of a better US economy, compared with weakness in Europe, Japan and China—and it has made strong strides against the euro and the wilting Japanese yen.
It is now also making gains against emerging markets currencies, some of which are especially hurt by the direct hit their commodities dependent economies are taking from the stronger dollar.
The dollar has also risen, while Treasury yields have stayed relatively low, amid a quarter rife with geopolitical events—any one of which could impact markets. The sanctions against Russia for its actions against Ukraine continue to be a worry for the weakened European economy.
Read More Hong Kong protests affect the big money
Air attacks by a US-led group on Islamic extremists in Iraq and Syria have not affected energy markets, but traders are watchful for any impact. This week's demonstrations by citizens seeking democratic elections in Hong Kong raises longer term questions about a simmering political issue in China and reforms there.
Markets have also reacted negatively to success in the polls of incumbent Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, who is running against Marina Silva, a candidate seen as a stronger proponent of reform and growth policies.
"There are a lot of things that are happening around the world right now that don't add up to a macro story, but do run some risks of turning into something under certain circumstances," Kasman said.
Read More Rousseff gains momentum in tight Brazilian election
The dollar strength is expected to continue, and it could be a headwind for some markets in the fourth quarter. Strategists point to oil, with Brent down 15 percent in the third quarter, and gold, down more than 8 percent.
October kicks off Wednesday with a series of other important reports, including ISM manufacturing data, construction spending, ADP private payroll data, and September auto sales.
Read More Stock bulls like chances for strong fourth quarter
Kleintop said the risk in Friday's jobs report is that it shows a pickup in wage inflation. "That's something the hawks would jump on right away and say there's a more robust labor market," he said. A stronger labor market could push the Fed to raise rates sooner.
While he expects China data to surprise on the upside, Kasman said the risk is China will surprise to the downside. "We're focused on the US and China as the two big drivers. One delivering upside surprise, and the other delivering downside surprise," he said.
One positive for US markets could be the corporate earning season. Alcoa reports October 8, and major banks release earnings the following week.
"I think the expectations are pretty low — 6 or 7 percent. I think we'll hit that and probably exceed that. I think you'll hear from some companies about what's going on overseas. Things are a little weaker but some of the consumer oriented companies in the US will say things are looking better," said Kleintop. "I think the real catalyst is more around what's going on in Europe."
Kleintop said the expectations of double digit earnings growth for European companies, however, appear overly optimistic and could be a problem for markets.
Events to Watch
Oct. 1 - China's National Day
Oct. 2 - European Central Bank meeting
Oct. 3 - US September employment report
Oct. 5 - General elections, Brazil
Oct. 8 - FOMC minutes from September meeting
Oct. 8 - US Q3 corporate earnings season, Alcoa reports
Oct. 10-12 - IMF meets in Washington
Oct. 15 - US retail sales
Oct. 20 - China Q3 GDP, retail sales, industrial production
Oct. 22 - US CPI
Oct. 30 - US Q3 GDP
Oct. 31 - US personal income/spending (Sept.), Q3 Employment cost index
RELATED NEWS

Petrol to be cut by 65paise/litrePetrol to be cut by 65paise/litre
Loans unlikely to get cheaper any time soon  but your deposits may earn lessLoans unlikely to get cheaper any time soon, but your deposits may earn less
ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 08.52AM IST
Tags:
Arundhati Bhattacharya
(Banks in no hurry to cut loan…)
MUMBAI: Borrowing costs may not fall any time soon for those aspiring to buy a car or a home, but deposit rates have alredy begun to come down, with the State Bank of India slashing rates on select tenors, after the Reserve Bank of India kept policy rates unchanged on Tuesday.
"There is no change (in loan rates) immediately on the cards. But that does not mean one will have to wait for a year," said Chanda Kochhar, MD & CEO of ICICI Bank, the largest private sector bank. Arundhati Bhattacharya , chairman of State Bank of India, the country's largest bank, also gave some hope to borrowers.
"The way the monetary policy has been put out this time, the tone seems to be dovish as compared to the March tone," she said speaking to media after meeting RBI governor Raghuram Rajan.
"The benchmark rate (base rate) is unlikely to come down immediately because credit demand is very subdued and liquidity is not an issue," said BK Batra, deputy managing director of IDBI Bank. "But lending rates over the last one year have come down without any lowering of base rate. Today, a triple-A corporate is in a better position to borrow short-term money at 10-25 basis points over the base rate against 50 to 100 bps over the base rate a year ago," he said. IDBI Bank's base rate is pegged at 10.25%. SBI and ICICI Bank have pegged their base rate at 10%.
"Credit has not picked up and the system has sufficient liquidity. Corporates are having various avenues to raise funds and investment climate is yet to turn around," said TM Bhasin, chairman of the Indian Banks Association and chairman and managing director of Indian Bank. "Going forward, banks govdone by some large banks," he said.
However, ICICI Bank's Kochhar feels bankers will have to bear in mind financial instruments that are competing with deposits before lowering rates. "Today, even deposits are competing with many other financial instructions... You have to see where the consumers have options," she said.
Aditya Puri, managing director and CEO of HDFC Bank, said that both lending and deposit rates are a function of credit demand. "At this point of time, the credit demand is not exceedingly healthy. If credit demand picks up, you won't see lowering of deposit rates. If it does not pick up and there is a lowering of deposit rates, you can possibly see some reduction of loan rates," he said. may reduce deposit rates as
FEATURED ARTICLES

The essential app for Hong Kong protestersThis app is helping Hong Kong protesters organize without a cell network
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 30, 2014: 11:05 PM ET
 
Meet the man connecting Hong Kong protesters
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Anyone who has ever been to a big sporting event or a stadium concert knows that large crowds can quickly overwhelm local cell towers, making communication pretty much impossible.
Pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong -- who need functioning phones to organize -- appear to have found a solution to this problem.
More than 100,000 people in Hong Kong downloaded an app called FireChat in a recent 24-hour period. The app allows protesters to keep chatting, even when their phones lose mobile network connectivity.
FireChat works by connecting users in a daisy chain, or mesh network, via Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. No mobile network is required, and users can choose to remain anonymous.
"With FireChat, it's completely decentralized," said Micha Benoliel, CEO of Open Garden, the app's developer. "And that means you can get connectivity from the people and devices around you -- directly."
Related: Hong Kong protesters willing to pay economic price
The benefits of FireChat have caught the attention of demonstration organizers, many of whom are encouraging protesters to download the app.
"Before you go near the government headquarters, please go to the App Store and download FireChat," Joshua Wong, the 17-year-old leader of a student protest group , urged supporters on Facebook. "Use this app to broadcast our situation to the outside world."
Photo essay: Police use tear gas as 'Occupy' comes to Hong Kong
Benoliel, who was in Hong Kong as protests escalated over the weekend, said the protesters were well prepared and well organized, and had anticipated that large crowds would complicate communication.
"They knew that at some point the cellular networks would be shut down or would just be overloaded by a number of people gathering in the same place, so they know that Firechat is a way to remain connected and communicate," Benoliel said.
While Benoliel said that FireChat was not designed specifically with protest movements in mind, it does seem to be catching on at demonstrations. In Taiwan, "Sunflower Movement" protesters also used the app earlier this year as they protested closer ties with Beijing.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 11:05 PM ET
Most Popular

12 killed  many injured as express trains collide near GorakhpurComments
At least 13 passengers were killed and 45 injured when two trains collided sideways near Gorakhpur railway station in Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday night.
Later on Wednesday, railway minister Sadananda Gowda visited the spot and met the injured receiving treatment in various hospitals.
The collision took place at around 11pm near Nandnagar crossing, about seven kilometres from Gorakhpur, when  Lucknow-bound Krishak Express reportedly overshot the signal near Gorakhpur station and hit the Barauni express coming from the state capital.
The north eastern railway (NER) has ordered a probe into the accident. It will be headed by commissioner Rail Safety P K Bajpai.  
Two trains, Chauri Chaura Express and Maduadi Krishak, on the track were cancelled and the route of at least half-a -dozen trains was diverted in order to ease traffic.
Chief public relations officer of North- Eastern Railway Alok Kumar Singh said loco pilot of Krishak Express Ram Bahadur and assistant Loco pilot Satyajeet have been suspended pending enquiry.
The impact of the collision was so intense that three coaches of Barauni Express got derailed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed grief and announced compensation for the victims.
An ex-gratia payment of Rs. 2 lakh each to the next of the kin of those killed and Rs. 50,000 each to the seriously injured will be given from the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund.
The NER has announced Rs. 50,000 to the kin of the dead, Rs. 25,000 to those who suffered serious injuries and Rs. 5000 to those who received minor injuries.
Railway helpline for inquiries are. Gorakhpur (05513303365, 09794846980), Lucknow (05222233042), Chhapra (09006693233) and Varanasi (09919041978).

Investment cycle could take-off in 6 months: Rana KapoorOct 01, 2014, 09.55 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Investment cycle could take-off in 6 months: Rana Kapoor
"The Fortune 500 companies have no restrictions, no seatbelts. They are the ones who can seriously invest in India and that is an opportunity which in my opinion is at a turning point," Rana Kapoor, MD and CEO of Yes Bank said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Investment cycle could take-off in 6 months: Rana Kapoor
"The Fortune 500 companies have no restrictions, no seatbelts. They are the ones who can seriously invest in India and that is an opportunity which in my opinion is at a turning point," Rana Kapoor, MD and CEO of Yes Bank said.
Post your opinion here
The investments are going to come from the foreign direct investment (FDI) route.
Rana Kapoor
Founder & CEO
Yes Bank
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan, Rana Kapoor, MD and CEO of  Yes Bank spoke about how Modi’s visit to the US has spurred a lot of confidence and why investment by the Fortune 500 companies in India is the need of the hour . He further adds that with the sentiment improving back home, one can expect the investment cycle taking-off in the next six months.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview
Q: What PM Narendra Modi has been able to do in terms of convincing investors to review their decision to invest in India, put in significant amounts of money into India. Do you believe he has been able to strike the right cord?
A: The best part is that there is a lot of confidence, conviction and the quality of the communication has been very good. So he is building the bridges, he is creating a commitment with fortune 500 companies. It is not just about politics or geopolitics. The circumstances today which are very important is how Modi and Indian business is able to motivate Fortune 500 companies. The Fortune 500 companies have no restrictions, no seatbelts. They are the ones who can seriously invest in India and that is an opportunity which in my opinion is at a turning point.
Q: People will invest in India only if they see the economy turning around as well. Yes of course the government needs to do more in terms of ease of doing business etc but also want to see a real turnaround as far as the economy is concerned. Credit growth continues to be sluggish. By when do you really see the investment cycle taking off?
A: The underlying investment cycle will improve with the atmospherics, with the overall sentiment and confidence in the economy is really picking up. So the next step is to get the investments going. The investments are going to come from the foreign direct investment (FDI) route and slowly and steadily as Indian balance sheets overcome recession, so it will take a while, six months in my opinion by April. Very important for derisking right now is that there should be M&A, there should be decongestion of balance sheets and that is the need of the hour for derisking of the economy. Once you get the foreign investments going, then you can press on the peddle steadily.
Yes Bank stock price
On November 24, 2014, at  10:27 hrs Yes Bank was quoting at Rs 699.00, down Rs 4.4, or 0.63 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 712.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 292.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 42.39 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.49. The latest book value of the company is Rs 172.11 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.06.
RELATED NEWS

PMS on high as investors queue up for bull m...You are here: Home > Collections > Investors
Portfolio management schemes on a high as rich investors queue up for a bull market ride
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 09.09AM IST
Tags:
ASK Investment Managers
(According to data released…)
MUMBAI: Many well-heeled investors, better known as HNIs , are pouring money into portfolio management schemes (PMS) offered by brokerage houses investing in the listed stocks.
Assets under management (AUM) of discretionary PMS - programmes where the fund manager is free to take an investment call -- have more than doubled over the past one year, from Rs 15,097 crore in September 2013 to Rs 32,040 crore in August 2014, according to data released by Sebi.
While a slice of the AUM rise can be attributed to a surging market, portfolio managers confirm good inflows from existing as well as new clients. Investors can participate in a PMS by either writing a fresh cheque of a minimum Rs 25 lakh, or handover his existing equities portfolio (worth Rs 25 lakh or more).
"Due to high volatility in the equity market, many HNI investors are finding it increasingly difficult to manage their stock portfolio and are seeking professional help," says Aashish Somaiyaa, MD and CEO, Motilal Oswal Asset Management . Once an investor signs up for a PMS service, the existing equity portfolio is restructured in line with the model portfolio chosen by the investor.
Even though only a few PMS products have generated robust and steady returns, investors unfailingly go for them during every bull market. Managers of PMS try to differentiate themselves from mutual funds by offering greater flexibility in terms of stock selection as well as offering specific themes to attract investors.
Many of them run concentrated portfolios with 10-15 stocks. They have higher ability to take risk and buy into small- and micro-cap shares. For example, Motilal Oswal PMS runs a scheme which invests in midand small-cap stocks; the scheme is marketed as "the next trillion dollar opportunity".
The story they sell is: while the journey from $100 billion GDP to $1 trillion took 30 years, the next trillion dollars may take only seven years - an opportunity that the fund manager asks in vestors to capitalise on.
Another entity, ASK Investment Managers , runs a PMS named the Indian Entrepreneur Portfolio (IEP). Here, the fund manager invests in entrepreneur driven companies that have clocked a minimum profit ofRs 100 crore and have a return of capital employed (RoCE) of 25%.
In addition to metros, PMS managers are spotting opportunities in smaller cities like Agra, Ludhiana, Bareilly, Hubli and Vijawada. Apart from sales teams of brokerages, some PMS schemes are sold by wealth managers in private and MNC banks to their HNI clients looking at diversifying stock portfolio and taking focused bets.
For example, ASK wealth managers PMS schemes are sold by Kotak Wealth Management and several foreign banks to their HNI clients. Though PMS schemes do not have a lock-in period, fund managers often insist investors come in with at least a three-to-five year perspective.
"Investors often negotiate the fees with PMS providers which is a combination of fixed fees plus profit sharing or only profitsharing," says Amit Doshi, director, Care Portfolio Managers.
With portfolio managers competing with each other, many brokerages charge only if there is profit instead of the customary practice of charging a fixed annual fee.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI in no mood to abandon fight against infl...RBI in no mood to abandon fight against inflation
Oct 1, 2014, 10.08AM IST
Tags:
(Admittedly, the CPI inflation…)
By Radhika Rao
The Reserve Bank of India stuck to its neutral tone on Tuesday, extending its status quo on the benchmark rates. The central bank is unlikely to abandon its anti-inflationary stance in haste, before any lasting improvement in the inflation outlook.
Admittedly, the CPI inflation trajectory is on track to meet the early-2015 target of 8%. But the disinflationary path will not be a straight line. There will be considerable swings in the readings between October and March 2015, influenced by base effects (due to last year's exchange rate and vegetable price shocks).
Alongside the base effects, the recent moderation in perishable food prices is also expected to add to the initial downswing in CPI readings until December. But this effect will wear off into March 2015 and CPI may inch back towards 8% notwithstanding the tame food prices. Against this backdrop, the RBI will be reluctant to over-react to single data-points and is likely to keep the repo rate unchanged until end fiscal year 2015.
Meanwhile, the markets continue to build rate cut expectations, even in the face of a cautious central bank. The RBI, in fact, signalled its hesitance to lower rates by shifting focus to the early-2016 target of 6%, after the 8% goal looked within reach. The move to shift the goalpost, we believe, reflects the RBI's serious view on moulding inflationary expectations and affirming its inflationfighting credibility.
In case the RBI cuts rates in response to slightly sub-8% inflation, it is inadvertently conveying to the markets that it is comfortable with the present price outlook. Instead, by bringing in the 6% target in view, the central bank has emphasised that the fight against inflation is not over yet. We also believe that rather than being fixated at the nominal target, the RBI will also be mindful of the disinflationary path and the underlying drivers. A combination of recent domestic and external drivers has calmed inflation concerns, but not all are driven by structural improvements.
Firstly, the significant moderation in the international fuel prices has reduced the scale of increases needed in the subsidised fuel prices. But the decision to completely deregulate diesel pricing is yet to be taken up. Secondly, even as the monsoon deficit has narrowed sharply, the skewed distribution of the rains could emerge as a pipeline risk for food prices over the next two quarters. Contained increase in the minimum support prices, meanwhile, was a timely move to contain foodgrain prices.
Thirdly, subsidy rationalisation plans are yet to be outlined to back the fiscal consolidation plans. If the optimistic revenue projections and growth turnaround do not materialise, the deficit situation is likely to turn worrisome later in the year and require cutback in capital expenditure to meet targets. Next, concerns over the narrowing output gap (into FY16) and the prospect of higher aggregate demand feeding into inflation also warrant attention.
Finally, volatility is likely to heighten as the markets price in US rate hikes. Even as the USTs and Indian rate differentials are wider than the long-run averages, we believe the RBI will be wary of lowering policy rates in the face of higher US rates.
To sum it up, easing inflation is positive for the economy, but we are some distance away from reaching RBI's comfort levels. Until a sustained downtrend towards CPI at 6% is achieved, the RBI is likely to keep rates on hold until end-FY15 and beyond.
The writer is an Economist with DBS Bank
FEATURED ARTICLES

US favours Indias entry into elite nuclear clubsUS favours India’s entry into elite nuclear clubs
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 1:  
The US on Tuesday broadbased its strategic ties with India by pledging to back New Delhi’s entry into elite nuclear clubs and as a permanent member of the reformed UN Security Council.
In a joint statement issued at the end of the five-day visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to the US and after his summit meeting with President Barack Obama, the two countries decided to cooperate in combating terrorism.
They stressed the need for concerted and joint efforts including the dismantling of safe havens for terrorist and criminal networks.
This would include efforts to disrupt all financial and tactical support for network such as al-Qaeda, Lashkar-e- Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, the D-company and the Haqqanis. They reiterated their calls for Pakistan to bring the perpetrators of the November 2008 Mumbai terror attacks to justice.
Seeking to expand cooperation in strengthening global non-proliferation and export control regimes, the two leaders committed themselves to continue to work towards India’s phased entry into the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG), the Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR), the Wassenaar Arrangement and the Australia Group.
The President affirmed that India meets MTCR requirements and is ready for membership in the NSG. He supported India’s early application and eventual membership in all four regimes.
As active participants in the Nuclear Security Summit process, the United States and India welcomed progress toward reducing the risk of terrorists acquiring nuclear weapons or related materials, and noted their shared commitment to improving nuclear security nationally and globally.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Rupee falls 19 paise against dollar in early tradeRupee ends 15 paise higher at 61.61
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 1:  
The rupee today ended 15 paise higher at 61.61 against the dollar on the back of dollar sales by banks and exporters. It ended yesterday at 61.76.
The domestic unit opened weaker at 61.92 and touched a low of 61.94 and a high of 61.58 in intra-day trade.
A dealer with a public sector bank said as the rupee approaches the 62 level, exporters sold the rupee to get better levels to sell dollars.
Markets will be shut from Thursday to Monday for public holidays and re-open for trading on Tuesday.
The interbank call money rates, the rates at which banks borrow short-term money from each other, ended lower at 7.50 per cent against the previous close of 8.10 per cent. Government bond (8.40 per cent G-Sec, maturing in 2024) yields softened to 8.46 per cent from Tuesday’s close of 8.51 per cent. The price of the security ended higher at Rs 99.46 from previous close of Rs 99.25.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Crude oil prices rebound in AsiaCrude oil edges up from more than 2-year low, glut caps gains
Reuters
Tweet
London, Oct 1:  
Oil edged up from a more than two-year low to near $95 a barrel on Wednesday as a slightly better-than-expected Chinese factory survey countered worries of an economic slowdown in the world's No. 2 oil consumer and ample supplies.
Growth in China's manufacturing sector held up in September but remained subdued. The Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) came in at 51.1, just ahead of forecasts for a 51.0 reading and offering some relief to investors worried about slowing growth.
Concern over increasing OPEC oil supply, weak European and Chinese growth and a stronger dollar pushed global benchmark Brent to its lowest since June 2012 on Tuesday, and the same factors are likely to keep a lid on any price recovery.
"The sentiment remains overwhelmingly bearish at the moment: there is little support for demand, while supply is strengthening," Carsten Fritsch, a commodities analyst at Commerzbank, said.
Brent crude was up 23 cents at $94.90 a barrel by 1005 GMT. On Tuesday, it touched a session low of $94.24, its weakest since June 2012. U.S. crude gained 41 cents to $91.57.
European economic data offered little relief. The euro zone's PMI shrank to 50.3 in September, its lowest since July 2013 and only slightly above the 50 that separates growth from contraction.
The dollar index rose slightly on Wednesday, weighing on oil prices after reaching a four-year peak on Tuesday.
US crude gained some support from industry group the American Petroleum Institute's weekly supply report, which said crude inventories fell by 463,000 barrels, rather than increasing by 700,000 barrels as analysts had expected.
Investors will be looking to official inventory data from the U.S. government, due on Wednesday at 1430 GMT, to confirm the surprise drawdown.
Brent's drop below $100 has brought prices below the level publicly endorsed by top OPEC exporter Saudi Arabia, but so far there has been no sign of any price-supporting supply cutbacks from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries.
In September, OPEC oil supply jumped to its highest in almost two years, a Reuters survey found, due to a further recovery in Libya and higher output from Saudi Arabia and other Gulf producers.
"OPEC needs to cut production to rebalance oil markets, yet we see no evidence or sense of urgency for a faster reduction in production," Morgan Stanley analysts including Adam Longson said in a note.
Some OPEC members have expressed concern over the drop in prices, and a debate is likely to occur at its meeting on Nov. 27 in Vienna on whether output needs to be reduced.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Sensex down 25 points; metals  oil & gas stocks dragTweet
Mumbai, Oct 1:  
Sensex closed with a loss of 63 points with investors preferring to stay on the sidelines with the markets remaining close for the next five days.
The benchmark index opened on the positive side at 26,681 against the previous close of 26,631. It made a high of 26,684 and low of 26,548 before closing at 26,568. Turnover on BSE was down Rs 2,680 crore against Rs 3,821 crore recorded on Tuesday.
In NSE, Nifty was down 19 points at 7,946.
Foreign portfolio investors’ investment in shares was down six per cent at Rs 5,103 crore in September against Rs 5,430 crore in August. In last nine months, FPIs have bought shares worth Rs 83,438 crore.
Shares of Tata Group companies were under heavy selling pressure. While Tata Steel and Tata Power were down five pre cent at four per cent, Tata Motors fell two per cent.
Bank stocks dipped for the second in a row after Reserve Bank of India retained key bank rates in its credit policy announced on Tuesday. Some of the bank stocks that were down in a volatile trade include ICICI Bank (-0.47%), Axis Bank (-0.81%), State Bank of India (-0.79%) and HDFC Bank (-0.38%).
Shares of Maruti Suzuki dipped three per cent to Rs 2,969. The company on Tuesday said it will proactively inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of 69,555 diesel vehicles (55,938 units of old Dzire, 12,486 units of old Swift and 1,131 units of Ritz) manufactured between March, 2010 and August, 2013.
Rupee depreciation against dollar helped IT stocks to gain. As many as five top IT companies including Wipro, Infosys, HCL Tech, Tata Consultancy and Tech Mahindra hit their 52-week high.
Some of the major gainers include Berger Paints (5%), Bata India (5%), Suzlon (5%), Jubilant Foods (4%), Bharat Electronics (3%) and Wipro (3%).
Major losers were Infratel (-4%), Sobha (-3%), Maruti (-3%), MRF (-3%), Apollo Tyres (-3%) and IndusInd Bank (-3%).
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Markets choppy; Hero Motocorp  Wipro top gainersMarkets choppy; Hero Motocorp, Wipro top gainers
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 10:14 AM IST
Markets are swinging between the positive territory and negative territory in the morning trades as gains in Auto and IT stocks cap losses in metal and banking shares.
 
At 10.15 AM, the 30-share Sensex is down 6 points at 26,624 and 50-share Nifty is down 5 points at 7,960.
 
However, the broader markets are trading firm with the midcap index up 0.2% and the smallcap index up 0.3%.
 
Market breadth is strong with 1,089 gainers and 835 losers on the BSE.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee fell as low as 61.95 per dollar on Wednesday, its weakest level since March 4, as traders unwound positions ahead of holidays and at a time when the greenback is gaining globally.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours on Tuesday, 30 September 2014, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 485.93 crore on that day.
 
Buzzing stocks:
 
Hero Motocorp is up 2% after after the company reported growth of over 30 percent for September 2014. M&M, Tata Motors and Bajaj Auto are up between 0.5-2%. However, Maruti Suzuki is down 0.5%. The company will recall 69,555 units of the Dzire, Swift and Ritz models manufactured between March 2010 and August 2013 to repair wiring harness fitment.
 
Brent tumbled to its lowest since July 2012 while benchmark US oil also recorded a heavy fall on Tuesday, amid further signs of excess oil crude supplies on both sides of the Atlantic.
 
ICE November Brent, the international oil benchmark, fell 2.8 per cent to $94.47 after hitting an intraday level of $94.24 – the lowest in more than two years.
 
Thus, oil marketing companies like IOC, HPCL, BPCL have cut petrol prices by 65 paise per litre and are trading higher between 0.5-1%.
 
Aviation stocks have rallied by up to 6% on the bourse today as state-owned oil companies reduced the price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF) or jet fuel by a steep 3% on the back of falling international oil rates.
 
Shares of Spicejet has surged 6% to Rs 13.01, while Kingfisher Airlines locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 2.15 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).  Similarly, Jet Airways up nearly 5% to Rs 218.
 
In the technology pack, TCS and Wipro have gained between 1.5-3% on the back of depreciating rupee.
On the flip side, financial stocks are trading lower after Reserve Bank of India's neutral stance on key policy rates. Axis Bank, SBI and HDFC twins have lost between 0.3-0.6%.
Global Markets:
 
Asian shares got off on the back foot on Wednesday as continued civil unrest in Hong Kong sapped confidence, while the dollar index was in sight of a four-year high after marking its best quarterly gain in six years.
 
Trading in Asia was expected to be more subdued than usual, with China closed for National Day and investors warily monitoring developments in Hong Kong's pro-democracy unrest, as thousands of protesters stepped up pressure on the city's pro-Beijing government.
 
US stocks slipped on Tuesday, dragged down by energy and materials shares as economic data disappointed.
 
Major indexes also posted losses for the month, but ended the quarter with gains.
 
US consumer confidence fell in September for the first time in five months and home prices in July rose less than expected from a year earlier, underscoring the unsteady nature of U.S. growth. Analysts are skeptical of how many more gains are in store for the market this year.
 
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.17%, to 17,043, the S&P 500 lost 0.28%, to 1,972 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.28%, to 4,493.
 

Markets open on a cautious note; Oil shares gainMarkets open on a cautious note; Oil shares gain
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 09:35 AM IST
Markets have opened tad higher shrugging off weakness in the global markets and Reserve Bank of India's neutral stance on key policy rates. However, China’s steady official PMI data has boosted the sentiments of the market participants.
 
At 9:35AM, the 30-share Sensex is up 9 points at 26,639 and 50-share Nifty is up 2 points at 7,966.
 
However, the broader markets have opened in green with the midcap index up 0.1% and the smallcap index up 0.3%.
 
Global Markets:
 
Asian shares got off on the back foot on Wednesday as continued civil unrest in Hong Kong sapped confidence, while the dollar index was in sight of a four-year high after marking its best quarterly gain in six years.
 
Trading in Asia was expected to be more subdued than usual, with China closed for National Day and investors warily monitoring developments in Hong Kong's pro-democracy unrest, as thousands of protesters stepped up pressure on the city's pro-Beijing government.
 
US stocks slipped on Tuesday, dragged down by energy and materials shares as economic data disappointed.
 
Major indexes also posted losses for the month, but ended the quarter with gains.
 
US consumer confidence fell in September for the first time in five months and home prices in July rose less than expected from a year earlier, underscoring the unsteady nature of U.S. growth. Analysts are skeptical of how many more gains are in store for the market this year.
 
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 0.17%, to 17,043, the S&P 500 lost 0.28%, to 1,972 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.28%, to 4,493.
 
Sectors & stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE Consumer Durables is the top gainer up nearly 1% followed by Healthcare, Auto, IT and Metal indices up between 0.2-1%. However, Realty, FMCG and Oil & Gas indices are losing sheen on the BSE. Bankex is trading 0.3% lower.
 
Auto shares are trading mixed ahead of the release of September sales numbers starting today. Hero Motocorp and Bajaj Auto are up 1.3% and 0.5% each. However, Maruti Suzuki is down 0.5%. The company will recall 69,555 units of the Dzire, Swift and Ritz models manufactured between March 2010 and August 2013 to repair wiring harness fitment.
 
Pharma shares are trading higher on renewed buying. Sun Pharma, Dr Reddy’s Lab and Cipla have gained between 0.3-1.5%.
 
Brent tumbled to its lowest since July 2012 while benchmark US oil also recorded a heavy fall on Tuesday, amid further signs of excess oil crude supplies on both sides of the Atlantic.
 
ICE November Brent, the international oil benchmark, fell 2.8 per cent to $94.47 after hitting an intraday level of $94.24 – the lowest in more than two years.
 
Thus, oil marketing companies like IOC, HPCL, BPCL have cut petrol prices by 65 paise per litre and are trading higher between 0.5-1%.
 
In the technology pack, TCS and Wipro have gained 0.5%  each.
 
Sesa Sterlite, NTPC and ICICI Bank are aome of the notable names in green among others and are up between 0.5-1%.
 
On the flip side, financial stocks are trading lower after Reserve Bank of India's neutral stance on key policy rates. Axis Bank, SBI and HDFC twins have lost between 0.3-0.6%.
 
ITC and HUL are down on profit booking and are trading lower by 0.5% and 0.3% each.
The market breadth is positive on the BSE with 992 shares advancing and 582 shares declining.
 

Markets in red: Wipro rallies 3%  Opto Circuits slips 4%; top betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Maharashtra
Sensex, Nifty rangebound; top fifteen stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 10.37AM IST
Tags:
Anil Ambani
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a narrow range on Wednesday, led by gains in Infosys, TCS , Wipro, Hero MotoCorp and Sun Pharma.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also pared early morning gains and was trading around its crucial psychological level of 7950, weighed down by losses in banks, FMCG, realty and metal stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,640.18, up 10.67 points or 0.04 per cent. It touched a high of 26,683.70 and a low of 26,587.15 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 7,965.20, up 1.5 points or 0.01 per cent. It touched a high of 7,977.50 and a low of 7,952.20 in trade today.
"We believe it's just a pause prior to next directional move so traders should uphold cautious approach at current juncture," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"Ideally, they should trade low beta counters from FMCG & Pharma space to avoid unmanageable losses. On benchmark front, our negative view will remain intact till the Nifty sustains below 8050 spot," he added.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
IOC, HPCL, BPCL: State oil firms have slashed petrol prices by 65 paise per litre from Wednesday because of falling international oil prices, which may also brighten ruling BJP's prospects in Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections.
At 10:00 a.m.; IOC was trading 0.6 per cent higher at Rs 364.55, HPCL was up 1.06 per cent to Rs 487.80 and BPCL was trading 0.12 per cent higher at Rs 656.40.
SpiceJet & Jet Airways: The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 2,077.62 per kilolitre, or 2.98 per cent, to Rs 67,525.63 per kl, the nation's largest fuel retailer said.
At 10:00 a.m.; SpiceJet was trading 3.3 per cent higher at Rs 12.73 and Jet Airways was up 2.4 per cent to Rs 213.30.
Wipro Ltd: The government has approved the proposals of Wipro Ltd and Mumbai Futuristic Economic Zone to set up SEZs in Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.9 per cent higher at Rs 614.
IVRCL: Cash strapped infrastructure major IVRCL Ltd has put up Rs 4,000 crore worth of assets for sale and expects to come out of debt burden in the next two years once the sale is successful, a senior official has said.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 7.4 per cent higher at Rs 16.60.
Reliance Capital Ltd: Laying out an ambitious growth agenda for Reliance Capital , Anil Ambani today said the company would triple the capital deployed in housing finance activities besides looking to double market capitalisation in next three to four years.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.5 per cent lower at Rs 452.75.
Apollo Hospitals Ltd: Healthcare major Apollo Hospitals and global pharma firm Sanofi today joined hands to provide diabetes care programmes through the Indian healthcare major's Apollo Sugar Clinics.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.7 per cent higher at Rs 1140.
JSW Steel Ltd: Despite rise in input costs and higher duty on import of coking coal, JSW Steel Limited today announced cut in the prices of steel products for the month of October. The company has cut Rs 500-750 per tonne for flat products and Rs 1,000 per tonne for long products, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.16 per cent lower at Rs 1155.
IDFC Ltd: Infrastructure financing company IDFC Ltd has further pared its foreign investment limit to 48 per cent to meet requirements for the banking operations after having granted a licence by RBI earlier this year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 136.95.
State Bank of India: Deposit rates have started moving down even as Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday kept rates unchanged. State Bank of India said that it has reduced rates on term deposits up to 45 days by one percentage point to 6% - the second downward revision in a month.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 2437.
Shemaroo Entertainment Ltd: Shemaroo Entertainment Ltd shares will list on Wednesday, October 1, 2014. The equity shares of Shemaroo Entertainment Limited shall be listed and admitted to dealings on the Exchange in the list of 'T' Group of Securities.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.6 per cent higher at Rs 171.
Reliance Power: Reliance Power (RPower) plans to invest nearly Rs 50,000 crore in the next five years to undertake various expansion projects, including increasing power generation and coal production.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 70.25.
NTPC: State-run National Thermal Power Corporation today signed a coal-swapping agreement with Gujarat State Electricity Corporation (GSEC) at Gandhinagar to swap 10 lakh metric tonnes (MT) of coal.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 139.70.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Thank You America   says Modi as he leaves US for homeModi says 'Thank You America' as he ends trip
PTI  Washington, October 01, 2014
First Published: 09:57 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 18:46 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
Winding up his whirlwind five-day US visit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi "thanked" America for what he said was a highly "successful and satisfactory trip" to the country. "Thank You America," Modi said as he concluded his last official engagement at an event organised by the US Indian Business Council (USIBC) on Tuesday.
US President Barack Obama of the United States with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
After that he directly left for the Andrews Air Force Base, from where his Air India One took off for Frankfurt on route to New Delhi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama after briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday. (PTI photo)
"My visit has been very successful. From here I am going to airport directly," Modi said.
Read: Modi, Obama announce better trade ties, joint fight against terror
On Tuesday Modi met President Barack Obama in the Oval Office of the White House, at the end of which the two leaders issued a joint statement that promised to take the India-US relationship to a new height.
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington on Tuesday. (PTI photo)
Modi was seen off at the Andrews Air Force Base by the Indian Ambassador to the US S Jaishankar and the Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal.
When he arrived at the Air Force Base a day earlier, he was received by the Deputy Secretary of State, William Burns ? both being unusual for a working visit like this.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama during briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington. (PTI photo)
On Monday evening, Obama hosted Modi for a official private working dinner and yesterday the two met for nearly two hours at the Oval Office, following which the US President and the Prime Minister together went to the Martin Luther King, Jr Memorial.
Obama, it is understood, decided to join Modi on this visit which many analyst said reflected the close bounding the two leaders have established among themselves in such a close time.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (3rd L) speaks to reporters with US House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) (2nd R) and Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) (R) after meeting in Boehner's offices at the US Capitol in Washington. Also pictured are US Representative Steny Hoyer (D-MD) (back row, from L), Representative Joe Crowley (D-NY), Representative George Holding (R-NC) and Representative Ed Royce (R-CA)(Reuters)
 
Later in the day, Modi was hosted for lunch by Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the State Department, following which he drove down to the Capitol Hill for a tea hosted in his honor by Joe Boehner, Speaker of the US House of Representatives.
In the first leg of his five-day US trip, Modi spent four days in New York, where he addressed the annual session of the United Nations General Assembly on September 27, and stormed the Indian American community by addressing the diaspora with a packed Madison Square Garden in the Big Apple on September 28.
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr Memorial in Washington. (PTI photo)
In New York, Modi held meetings with a host of top American businessmen including breakfast with CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, while top American leaders like Bill and Hillary Clinton, and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
In all he met more than 50 top US lawmakers and three Governors including South Carolina's Nikki Haley.
During his trip, Modi visited the 9/11 Memorial in New York and the Gandhi Statue in Washington DC.
He held a series of meetings with the Indian diaspora, including the dinner that was hosted in his honor wherein he stood for nearly two hours to get photographed with more than 700 Indian-Americans.
Watch: Modi leaves for India contented, thanks America

Violence  abuse part of life for Africans in DelhiComments
For Joseph Akuma, going to the grocery store is a task he needs to specially prepare himself for.
“I have to prepare myself to not lose my cool, to be ignored by salespersons and to be charged more than the retail price,” said Akuma, 19, who lives in Vasant Vihar with friends and is from Nigeria. He came to Delhi a year ago as a student at a private university in Noida. 
While incidents such as the one reported on Sunday, where a mob assaulted three African nationals inside the Rajiv Chowk Metro Station premises, are extreme, more covert forms of racism are common.
The people facing discrimination come from various countries in the African continent, USA and Europe as well. Some are part of the diplomatic circles, while some are here for studies or business. A largechunk of those who come to the city, do so as medical tourists.
All face discrimination in different forms. In high-profile areas such Khan Market and the malls of Vasant Vihar, store keepers ignore them and charge more money for products. In other areas such as Munirka and Khirki Extension, the discrimination is more open.    
People of African descent in the city have learnt to live with the stares and judgment that they receive on the streets of Delhi but violence is also becoming increasingly common.
“Every time I go out at night, I am accosted for drugs. For people in the city, any African is a drug peddler. I am an M Phil student and am studying African literature but for most people around me my colour defines who I am,” said Lisa, who is from Cameroon and has been in India for three years.
The increasing violence, however, has raised the hackles of many African nationals.  
For the 26-year-old Nigerian Percy Opuku, her stay in the capital has been a rollercoaster ride.
Though discrimination by shopkeepers, landlords and rickshaw drivers had become an everyday affair for her and her roommates but things got out of control after a bunch of around 15 neighbours beat her up, tore her clothes and hurled abuses at her in south Delhi’s Munirka village.
The incident took place in May when Opuku had gone to a grocery store in the neighbourhood to get some essentials. She alleges that when she was about to leave the store the shopkeeper suddenly started calling her a thief.
“Before I could realize what had happened, two men from the store grabbed my arm and started abusing me in Hindi. They then started gathering people walking on the streets. I was badly beaten up and my clothes were torn. But no one from the crowd tried to save me,” said Opuku.
The city had shown its racist face in February this year when former Delhi law minister Somnath Bharti asked police personnel to raid the homes of Ugandan women living in Khirki Extension in the dead of the night. The residents had alleged that they were involved in prostitution and drug peddling.

Alcohol  chocolate or sex: what Indians would give up for internetOctober 1, 2014
How much exactly do Indians love the Internet? Dearly.
An international survey by Indian communication services provider Tata Communications show that Indians end up spending more time on the Internet than most of their global counterparts. The survey had a total of 9,417 respondents from six countries: India, US, UK, Singapore, Germany and France.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Around 14% of  Indians spent more than 12 hours a day on the Internet—that is double the global rate.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Only 44% of Indian users said they could live without Internet access for 12 hours—lowest among the countries surveyed.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Fifty three percent of Indians miss the Internet while 18% of them feel anxious when they don’t have access to it. Such dependance on Internet is not seen in the other countries surveyed.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Indians are least willing to give up sex for internet access. They would give up television without blinking an eye. The survey shows that 43% of Indians are wiling to give up watching television in exchange for Internet access. But only 19% are willing to give up alcohol and 4% are willing to turn celibate—lowest among all the countries surveyed.
This abiding passion for the Internet is good news for the companies such as Google and Facebook which are trying to tap into India’s growing Internet user base. Rajan Anandan, Google India’s managing director, expects Internet users in India to  go past the US  by the end of 2014.
Google recently launched its Android One—a Nexus-like program for inexpensive smartphones—hoping to get  millions of Indians on the Internet for the first time . There are still 1 billion people in India who don’t have access to the Internet, according to Google’s Sundar Pichai, vice president of Android, Chrome and Google Apps.
But such obsession with Internet might be getting a bit out of hand already.
A research by National Institute of Mental Health  and Neurosciences found that  73% of teenagers in Bangalore are affected by psychiatric distress  with Internet addiction as one of the main reasons behind it.
As a result, several Internet de-addiction centres are sprouting in India. The concept—popular in the US—is relatively new in India but is getting traction.
Youngsters, who are taken to such centres, spend long hours browsing the web, often get agitated when they don’t have access to it and even  steal money to go out to cyber cafes . India’s first such centre was opened in Bangalore which was followed by Delhi and, most recently, in  Punjab .
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

IDFC slipped 1% as it brings down FII limit to 48%Hi Guest
IDFC slipped 1% as it brings down FII limit to 48%
At 09:45 a.m.; IDFC was trading 0.5 per cent lower at Rs 136.55. It hit a low of Rs 136 and a high of Rs 138.50 in trade today. NEW DELHI: IDFC Ltd slipped as much as 0.9 per cent in trade on Wednesday after the infrastructure financing company has further ...

Infosys Collaborates with Stanford University to Accelerate Education and Research in Data Science and AnalyticsInfosys Collaborates with Stanford University to Accelerate Education and Research in Data Science and Analytics
10 000 pigeons released on Chinas National Day searched by govt for suspicious materials:reportPrint
Associated Press | Beijing | Posted: October 1, 2014 11:06 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 11:12 am
The 10,000 pigeons released in a ceremony Wednesday for China’s National Day underwent unusual scrutiny, each having its feathers and anus checked for dangerous materials, state-run media reports said, reflecting government jitters over possible attacks.
The symbols of peace were released at sunrise in Beijing’s symbolic heart of Tiananmen Square in a ceremony for the Oct. 1 holiday to celebrate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China.
Beijing domestic security police officer Guo Chunwei was quoted in the Jinghua Times as saying workers checked the wings, legs and anus of each pigeon ahead of time to ensure they were “not carrying suspicious material.” The entire process was videotaped, and the birds were then loaded into sealed vehicles for the trip to Tiananmen Square, the newspaper said.
A similar report appeared in the Beijing News, and the People’s Daily tweeted about it in English: “10,000 pigeons go through anal security check for suspicious objects Tue, ready to be released on National Day on Wed.”
The reports drew amused and derisive responses from some Chinese readers, and many news sites, including the Beijing News website, later deleted the reports. However, the Jinghua Times report and the People’s Daily tweet were still visible as of midday Wednesday.
The notched-up security measures reflect heightened concern about violence following a string of attacks blamed on separatist militants from the country’s ethnic Uighur Muslim minority, as well as bus explosions and random slashing attacks attributed to disgruntled individuals. Last October, three Uighurs in a vehicle rammed through crowds in front of Tiananmen Gate in central Beijing and set off explosives in an attack that killed themselves and three bystanders.
Beijing authorities also are sending police helicopters to monitor highway checkpoints, ring roads within the city, major intersections and areas with heavy traffic, including popular tourist spots such as the Great Wall and the Summer Palace, the Beijing News said. The capital also has mobilized 850,000 citizen volunteers to help keep a lookout in the city of about 20 million people, the newspaper said.

US Government confirms first case of Ebola in thecountryDr. Edward Goodman, left, epidemiologist at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas, and Dr. Mark Lester, Southeast Zone clinical leader for Texas Health Resources, they are caring for the Ebola infected patient in Dallas (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Dallas | Posted: October 1, 2014 11:06 am
The first case of Ebola diagnosed in the US was confirmed on Tuesday in a patient who recently traveled from Liberia to Dallas – a sign of the far-reaching impact of the out-of-control epidemic in West Africa.
The unidentified man was critically ill and has been in isolation at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital since Sunday, federal health officials said. They would not reveal his nationality or age.
Authorities have begun tracking down family, friends and anyone else who may have come in close contact with him and could be at risk for becoming ill. But officials said there are no other suspected cases in Texas.
At the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Director Tom Frieden said the man left Liberia on Sept. 19, arrived the next day to visit relatives and started feeling ill four or five days later. He said it was not clear how the patient became infected.
There was no risk to any fellow airline passengers because the man had no symptoms when he was traveling, Frieden said.
Ebola symptoms can include fever, muscle pain, vomiting and bleeding, and can appear as long as 21 days after exposure to the virus. The disease is not contagious until symptoms begin, and it takes close contact with bodily fluids to spread.
“I have no doubt that we’ll stop this in its tracks in the US But I also have no doubt, that as long as the outbreak continues in Africa, we need to be on our guard,” Frieden told reporters.
“It is certainly possible that someone who had contact with this individual, a family member or other individual, could develop Ebola in the coming weeks,” he added. “But there is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here.”
He said he didn’t believe anyone on the same flights as the patient was at risk.
“Ebola doesn’t spread before someone gets sick and he didn’t get sick until four days after he got off the airplane,” Frieden said.
Frieden briefed President Barack Obama by phone about the diagnosis, the White House said.
Word of the infection alarmed the local Liberian community.
“People have been calling, trying to find out if anybody knows the family,” said Stanley Gaye, president of the Liberian Community Association of Dallas-Fort Worth. “We’ve been telling people to try to stay away from social gatherings.”
Four American aid workers who became infected in West Africa have been flown back to the U.S. for treatment after they became sick. They were cared for in special isolation facilities at hospitals in Atlanta and Nebraska. Three have recovered.

Could a merger follow the PayPal-eBay splitAmazon.com
(An independent PayPal will…)
NEW YORK: PayPal's split from long-time partner eBay Inc. makes Carl Icahn mighty happy. But he doesn't think PayPal should stay single for long.
Icahn, who months ago called on eBay to spin off the lucrative online and mobile payment service, continues to believe that the payments field must be consolidated, either by PayPal buying up smaller rivals or by merging with another major player.
"In light of the development of strong competition such as the advent of Apple Pay, the sooner these consolidations take place, the better,'' he wrote on his website Tuesday in the wake of eBay's announcement that it will split off PayPal by the second half of 2015.
An independent PayPal will be much more appealing to potential customers like Amazon.com who compete with eBay. And PayPal will have more freedom to aggressively take on new mobile pay challenger Apple Pay.
PayPal services $1 of every $6 dollars spent online. It collects fees from over 150 million users who use the online service to send money to other users and pay for goods and services in more than 200 markets. The service posted 20 per cent revenue growth in the last quarter to $1.95 billion - representing nearly half of eBay's total revenue. And it's on track to process 1 billion mobile payments this year. The company's PayPal Here and One Touch mobile payment service, which it acquired with the purchase of Braintree, compete with players such as Square and Google Wallet.
The payoff is huge for whichever player can ultimately own the digital wallet space: mobile payments could spike to $58.4 billion by 2017 from just $1 billion last year, Citi Investment Research analyst Mark May said in August. And the pressure is on. Apple Inc. , which has 800 million user accounts through iTunes, threw down a gauntlet last month with the announcement of its own mobile payment service Apple Pay, built into the iPhone 6.
So what might be PayPal's first solo move?
Some analysts say the company could be a takeover target. Google and Microsoft, not to mention Visa and Mastercard, have tried to build online payment platforms with varying degrees of success, notes Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Youssef Squali. While Google is unmatched in Internet search, it has struggled with Google Wallet and Checkout, and acquiring PayPal could be a way for Google to quickly secure a leadership position in commerce and payments, R.W. Baird analyst Colin Sebastian has suggested. He also points out that PayPal will end up with a sizable amount of cash and none of eBay's debt.
New CEO Dan Schulman will bring both mobile and prepaid payment experience to the company. Schulman, 56, was founding CEO of Virgin Mobile, before leading the prepaid group at Sprint Nextel and most recently expanding mobile and online pay services at American Express. Citi's May noted that few people have that background in financial services, mobile technology and payments - three key strengths to be competitive going forward in digital payments.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IVRCL surges 9% as the cash-strapped firm puts up assets worth Rs 4 000 cr for saleIVRCL rallies over 8% on assets sale plan to pare debt
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 02.01PM IST
Tags:
Corporate Debt Restructuring Empowered Group
(It has put up Rs 4,000 crore…)
NEW DELHI: IVRCL Ltd surged as much as 8.7 per cent in trade on Wednesday after the cash strapped infrastructure major said that it has put up Rs 4,000 crore worth of assets for sale and expects to come out of debt burden in the next two years once the sale is successful, a senior official has said.
At 09:20 a.m.; IVRCL was trading 6.8 per cent higher at Rs 16.50. It hit a low of Rs 16.05 and a high of Rs 16.80 in trade today.
IVRCL Ltd Chairman and Managing Director E Sudhir Reddy said the assets for sale includeRoad projects both operational and under construction and Desalination plant in Chennai, PTI reported.
Corporate Debt Restructuring Empowered Group had earlier approved the company's proposal for a debt recast package of Rs 7,300 crore.
IVRCL is facing cash crunch due to economic slowdown, higher interest charges, and slower pace of execution of projects.
As part of debt recast, IVRCL is also eligible to get a fresh loan of Rs 175 crore that can be used towards meeting working capital requirements besides getting Rs 1,400 crore bank guarantees among other facilities, said the PTI report.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Short IDFC  says Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Short IDFC, says Manas Jaiswal
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com is of the view that one can short IDFC as the stock may test Rs 130.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, "Bank Nifty is looking very weak. I am expecting around 400-500 points fall in Bank Nifty.  IDFC  has broken the support of Rs 140. It has started making lower-tops and lower-bottoms. I am expecting a target of Rs 130 which is the 200 days moving average. So one can go short at current levels and keep a stoploss above Rs 141."
At 10:49 hrs IDFC was quoting at Rs 138.40, up Rs 1.15, or 0.84 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 138.70 and an intraday low of Rs 136.
RELATED NEWS

Go long in HPCL  advises Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Go long in HPCL, advises Manas Jaiswal
According to Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com, one can go long in Hindustan Petroleum Corporation with a target of Rs 505.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, "Few days back  Hindustan Petroleum Corporation  (HPCL) made a high of Rs 505. There after it corrected and took support exactly at 50 day moving average. On Friday, it bounced back and made a piercing pattern on daily chart. Yesterday it broke the neck line of inverse head and shoulder pattern on the intraday chart."
"HPCL has the potential to test its recent high of Rs 505 again. One can go long at current levels and keep a stoploss below Rs 474," he added.
Disclosure: Analyst does not have any special positions in the stock but has recommended the stock to his clients.
RELATED NEWS

Socrus Bio Sciences - Outcome of AGMSocrus Bio Sciences - Outcome of AGM
China Sept factory activity steadies but economic outlook still weakChina Sept factory activity steadies but economic outlook still weak
Gold futures fall 0.60% on weak global cuesGold, silver futures fall on weak global cues
PTI
New Delhi, Oct 1:  
Gold and silver futures moved down as speculators trimmed positions amid a weak global trend.
Gold futures fell 0.60 per cent to Rs 26,965 per 10 gram today while silver futures moved down by 1.11 per cent to Rs 38,859 per kg.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold prices for delivery in October were trading lower by Rs 164, or 0.60 per cent, at Rs 26,965 per 10 gram in a business turnover of 273 lots. On similar lines, metal prices for delivery in December eased by Rs 154, or 0.57 per cent, to Rs 26,818 per 10 gram in 273 lots.
Silver for delivery in March next year traded lower by Rs 436, or 1.11 per cent, to Rs 38,859 per kg in a business turnover of one lot. Similarly, the white metal for delivery in December declined by Rs 310, or 0.80 per cent, to Rs 38,206 per kg in a business volume of 798 lots.
Market analysts said the fall in gold and silver futures was mostly due to a weak overseas market where it fell to the lowest since January as the outlook for higher US interest rates and a stronger dollar cut demand for precious metals as hedges against inflation.
Meanwhile, gold traded 0.19 per cent lower at USD 1,206.40 an ounce in Singapore. Silver traded 0.47 per cent down at USD 16.89 an ounce, the lowest since March 2010.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Were Rajdeep Sardesai s 5 questions on Modi provocativeWere Rajdeep Sardesai's 5 questions on Modi provocative?
Jency Jacob | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 10:22 AM IST
Social media has been on fire the last couple of days after news broke of an alleged scuffle between noted TV anchor and Consulting Editor of Headlines Today Rajdeep Sardesai and pro-Modi supporters outside Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday. While news agencies initially reported based on Sardesai’s tweet that he was heckled and manhandled, numerous videos, first person accounts and tweets that followed seem to suggest that even the facts, let alone the truth, lurk in the grey zone.
 
Let’s consider the facts. While this may be the first time that Rajdeep has faced the ire of pro-Modi supporters face-to-face, a look at his Twitter timeline clearly shows that he has been the target of pro-Modi netizens in the run-up to the general elections. So it’s safe to assume that provocation is not new for a man who has built a solid journalistic career over more than two decades.
 
But times have changed. Conventional media is no longer the final frontier for facts in a breaking news event. While supporters as well as present and former colleagues of Sardesai jumped to his defense castigating the hecklers as part of an organised mob to muscle the media into submission, a video showing him as throwing the first punch went viral. The video has done more damage to Sardesai than he could have imagined, as a serious lapse of judgement due to severe provocation (that reportedly included name calling, slogans and vile abuse) has had several fence sitters on this issue questioning why a senior editor had to resort to fisticuffs.
 
We can’t say if Sardesai will express regret for his action, but the larger question is if he should. Common sense and the video suggest that he should. After all, for years, Sardesai has anchored prime time news shows demanding exemplary behaviour of public figures and exhorting politicians in somewhat similar situations to apologise for their acts of violence, however minor. If there was ever a chance for him to acknowledge an honest lapse of judgement, it is now. And expressing regret will not be a sign of weakness but of strength, a signal that he can be self-critical, and not just of others, and that this incident is an unfortunate aberration for someone who has always held the high moral ground.
ALSO READ:  Bhakts on a rampage
 
The worrying aspect of the incident, though, is the nature of the mob that he confronted. Since the videos went viral, several people have accused Sardesai of asking provocative questions and courting trouble, as it were, at a time when the Indian-American community was celebrating the presence of Modi’s maiden visit to the US. But no one has said what exactly was provocative. It is as if there is an imaginary rule book prescribed by the ministry of broadcasting that describes go and no-go areas for a journalist while reporting on the Prime Minister.
 
Let’s take a look at some of the questions that Sardesai asked. 
 
·         ‘’What do you want Prime Minister Narendra Modi to say in his address?’
 
·         ‘Can one man (Narendra Modi) change India?’
 
·         ’Did you pay your way for a ticket to Madison square garden?’
 
·         Has the media been unfair to Narendra Modi?
 
And after considerable heckling that interrupted his broadcast, this exasperated one:
·         Did Narendra Modi teach you to behave badly?
 
 
Coming close on the heels of a spectacular BJP victory in May this year in which many Indian Americans played their part either through donations or active volunteering, there was widespread anticipation over what he would have to say to his fans in the US. Expectations were high, and Sardesai was only echoing what everyone already had on their minds.
 
Modi’s rise to the Prime Ministership, too, has been spectacular, much like Indira Gandhi’s ascension to power had been. What’s more, like Obama who was also an outsider to a nation’s cronyist capital and who now lives in the White House, Modi too came to power on a promise of changing the ‘system’, an endeavor that has felled others before him, including Rajiv Gandhi and Manmohan Singh. To ask if Modi is up to the task is something on the minds of all Modi-watchers, even his fans. That question was directed to the perfect focus group, if there ever was one – a set of mostly youngsters who left India in search of better opportunities and defined the frustrations of a modern and young India.
 
As for asking if they had paid to come watch Modi, as happens in any high profile event, tickets often change multiple hands. If at all, Sardesai was likely trying to gauge the craze for getting entry to the event. After all 40,000 people had queued up for 18000 tickets, we are told.
 
One of the core grouses of the PM’s supporters has been the alleged anti-Modi bias of the Indian media, going back to the 2002 Gujarat riots. Contrary to his usual line of questioning, Sardesai this time stopped short of mentioning the riots. One of the supporters named Mahender who is seen in the video being pushed by Sardesai has written a blog post (Read here) to say that he called Sardesai 'News Trader No. 1'. That he had no business to enter a live discussion unsolicited and call a journalist a ‘News trader’ -- a term first used by Modi in a different interview to describe journalists – is lost on those expressing outrage on part of the mob. In fact, when Sardesai directed the same question to some US Republican Party members later, their answers were hugely in favour of Modi and were received with loud clapping from Indian Americans standing nearby.
 
As for the one about Modi teaching them to be rude, this was probably unnecessary. But to be fair to him, it comes after repeated heckling and sloganeering of 'Sardesai murdabad’.
 
People are, of course, free to draw their own conclusions after seeing the videos and reviewing these questions. But one can’t deny that a journalist cannot be bound by rules of a faceless mob while reporting at an event. After all, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not asked for public support to shut down adversarial journalists. His approach has been of silently ignoring his detractors. Maybe these so-called self-styled defenders of brand Modi need to take a cue from their leader and leave journalists to do their job.

Isro  NASA to collaborate on Mars explorationIsro, NASA to collaborate on Mars exploration
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Oct 02, 2014 12:48 AM IST
The Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) has joined hands with the US’s National Aeronautics and Space Administration (Nasa) to launch a joint satellite mission to observe the Earth, as well as laying the ground work for future exploration missions to Mars.
Officials from the two space agencies met on the sidelines of the International Astronautical Congress in Toronto on Tuesday to discuss and sign a charter that establishes a Nasa-Isro Mars Working Group for enhanced cooperation between the two countries in Mars exploration. They also signed an international agreement that defines how they would work together on the Nasa-Isro Synthetic Aperture Radar (NISAR) mission, planned to be launched in 2020.
“The signing of these two documents reflects the strong commitment Nasa and Isro have towards advancing science and improving life on Earth. This partnership will yield tangible benefits to both our countries and the world,” Nasa Administrator Charles Bolden was quoted as saying in the agency’s press release,
The group will seek to identify and implement scientific, programmatic and technological goals that Nasa and Isro have in common regarding Mars exploration. The group will meet once a year to plan cooperative activities, including potential Nasa-Isro cooperation on future missions to Mars.
The spacecraft sent by both the agencies have just arrived in the Mars orbit. Nasa’s Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN) spacecraft arrived on September 21. MAVEN is the first spacecraft dedicated to exploring the tenuous upper atmosphere of Mars. Isro’s Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM), India’s first spacecraft to Mars, arrived on September 24 to study the Martian surface and atmosphere and demonstrate technologies needed for interplanetary missions.
One of the working group’s objectives will be to explore potential co-ordinated observations and science analysis between MAVEN and MOM, as well as other current and future Mars missions.
John Grunsfeld, Nasa associate administrator for science was quoted as saying that the new agreements between Nasa and Isro in Earth science and Mars exploration would significantly strengthen Isro-Nasa ties and the science that both would be able to produce as a result.
The NISAR mission, targeted to launch in 2020, would take global measurements of the causes and consequences of a variety of land surface changes on Earth.
The joint NISAR Earth-observing mission will make global measurements of the causes and consequences of land surface changes. Potential areas of research include ecosystem disturbances, ice sheet collapse and natural hazards. The NISAR mission is optimised to measure subtle changes to the Earth’s surface associated with motions of the crust and ice surfaces. NISAR would improve scientists’ understanding of key impacts of climate change and advance their knowledge of natural hazards.
NISAR would be the first satellite mission to use two different radar frequencies (L-band and S-band) to measure changes in the Earth’s surface less than a centimetre across. This allows the mission to observe a wide range of changes, from the flow rates of glaciers and ice sheets to the dynamics of earthquakes and volcanoes.
Under the terms of the new agreement, Nasa would provide the mission’s L-band synthetic aperture radar (SAR), a high-rate communication sub-system for science data, GPS receivers, a solid state recorder, and a payload data subsystem. Isro would provide the spacecraft bus, an S-band SAR, and the launch vehicle and associated launch services.
Nasa had been studying concepts for a SAR mission in response to the National Academy of Science’s decadal survey of the agency’s Earth science programme in 2007. The agency developed a partnership with Isro that led to this joint mission. The partnership with India has been key to enabling many of the mission’s science objectives.
Nasa’s contribution to NISAR is being managed and implemented by the agency’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California.
Nasa and Isro have been cooperating under the terms of a framework agreement signed in 2008. This cooperation includes a variety of activities in space sciences such as two Nasa payloads — the Mini-Synthetic Aperture Radar (Mini-SAR) and the Moon Mineralogy Mapper — on Isro’s Chandrayaan-1 mission to the moon in 2008. During the operational phase of this mission, the Mini-SAR instrument detected ice deposits near the moon’s northern pole.

Road test and review: Volkswagen Polo GT TSI & GT TDIPrint
‘Hot hatch’ is often a loosely used term to describe any good-looking hatchback with impressive performance figures. But in reality, the hot hatches in India can be counted on the fingers of one hand – and the Polo GT is arguably the best among them. Truly a wolf in sheep’s clothing, the Polo GT is already proven to tickle a hardcore enthusiast's fancy. Now that Volkswagen has updated the GT along with the new Polo, let’s find out what’s in store with the new Polo GT.
Design
One needs to work at Volkswagen to spot the design changes to the New Polo. But that’s not a downer because Polo is widely admired for its classic, sober design. Along with the subtle changes to the New Polo, the TSI and TDI get GT badging on front grille and the tailgate. GT TSI gets the badging on the C pillar as well. What add some sportiness to the New Polo GT’s exterior are the black rear spoiler and ORVMs.
Open the door and the GT garnish on the doorstep welcomes you to a cabin that gets a more serious makeover. Contrary to the dual tone dashboard on the regular Polo, the GT gets an all-black, impeccably put together interior. The flat-bottomed steering wheel fits well in the hands and it makes ingress and egress easier. Aluminum pedal cluster adds to the sporting flair and, overall, the cabin feels premium.
Performance
The sweet combination of 1.2 TSI and 7-speed DSG is a formula that Volkswagen doesn’t want to mess with, so the mechanicals of the GT TSI remain unaltered. 174 Nm of torque is a remarkable output for a car of this size; even sweeter is the fact that the peak torque is available from as low as 1500 rpm and all the way to 4100 rpm.  Since the superior performance is achieved with the help of a turbocharger, there’s an inevitable lag but the clever ratios of the DSG gearbox mask it well.
The Polo TSI can sprint from 1-100 kmph in 9.7 seconds and onto a top speed of 190 kmph. The DSG box offers three driving modes – ‘D’, ‘S’ and manual. In the ‘D’ mode, the DSG upshifts earlier and ensures better fuel efficiency while the Sport mode holds on to the gear till the rev limit before shifting. Manual shifting is lever-actuated and I missed paddle shifters big time when looking for some engine braking and a quick burst of power thereafter. But the DSG gearbox anyway shifts quickly and smoothly, and is sure to put a smile on your face.
The Polo GT TDI gets some changes under the bonnet as well. The 1.6 TDI motor has made way for the 1.5 litre unit from the new Polo. However, it has been tuned to deliver an extra 15PS of power and 20Nm of torque, and the result is the same output as the 1.6 TDI – 105 PS of power and 250 Nm of torque. The diesel feels punchier than the petrol variant but will be available only with a five-speed manual transmission. Although there is some turbo lag and the 1.5 feels a bit ho-hum compared to the outgoing 1.6 litre unit, the closely set gear ratios along with slick and precise gearshifts ensure pleasant driving.  
Both TSI and TDI engines are superbly refined and they return 17.21kmpl and 19.91kmpl respectively, which is really remarkable considering the fact that both are performance machines.
 
Ride and Handling
Carmakers generally play it safe while selecting the route for test drives and journalists often end up on long stretches of highways where there is hardly any prospect of testing the car’s handling capability. But in a bold attempt to highlight the handling prowess of the Polo GT, Volkswagen chose the winding narrow roads of Lonavla and as an icing on the cake, they even set up a handling circuit on the Aamby Valley airstrip.
The track had an autocross course, low and high-speed slaloms, 0-100 and hard braking tests. The GTs stuck well under most circumstances but there’s slight understeer due to the added power to the front wheels. However, the extra weight of the TDI engine and ESP on TSI keep things under control. There’s precious little bodyroll and minimal dive under hard braking, and both GTs came out in flying colours in the rigorous track test.
Equipment
The GT range gets an integrated audio system with USB, AUX, Bluetooth connectivity and voice command control. They come with airbags for the driver and passenger as well as anti-lock braking system (ABS) as standard. Being an automatic, the GT TSI also gets Electronic Stability Programme and Hill-hold functions. The GTs are equipped with parking sensors instead of a more convenient reversing camera.
Bottom-line
Both Polo TSI and TDI are priced at 7.99 lakh, ex-showroom New Delhi. The GTs come only in the top trim level, which makes them a very expensive option. The performance of both cars is sensational. Since the Polo GT TSI achieves better performance from a smaller engine, it’s fun to drive while being economical. The GT TDI, on the other hand, comes as a blessing for diesel lovers who craved a real ‘hot hatch.’
Pagination

Analyst Corner: Buy Bharat Electronics  target Rs 2 250  says EdelweissE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

China Scrambles To Censor Social MediaChina Scrambles To Censor Social Media
Reuters  | By                                                                Paul Carsten
reddit
The Instagram logo is displayed on a tablet on December 20, 2012 in Paris. Instagram backed down on December 18, 2012 from a planned policy change that appeared to clear the way for the mobile photo sharing service to sell pictures without compensation, after users cried foul. Changes to the Instagram privacy policy and terms of service set to take effect January 16 had included wording that appeared to allow people's pictures to be used by advertisers at Instagram or Facebook worldwide, royalty
BEIJING - Chinese censors and opponents of the protests sweeping Hong Kong are engaging in a cat-and-mouse game with demonstrators and commentators in a bid to stop news of the unrest spreading online and, in particular, reaching the mainland.
Tens of thousands of pro-democracy protesters have braved police tear gas to make their views known.
Spreading the word over Western and Chinese social networks is a lot safer, but it is becoming increasingly difficult as mobile phone networks are disrupted and concerns about possible surveillance grow.
The intervention is beyond what is normal for the usually free-talking Hong Kong, even as people are used to Chinese censors scrubbing the Internet in the mainland when mass demonstrations erupt.
On Sunday, users reported that Facebook Inc's photo sharing app Instagram was inaccessible on China's mainland.
Chinese websites, including Baidu Inc's search engine and the Twitter-like Weibo Corp microblog, have set about deleting references to the Hong Kong demonstrations.
Others have reported messages on Tencent Holdings Ltd's hugely popular WeChat messaging app being removed.
"I think it is still quite safe except WeChat, which is China," said Oscar, a 21-year-old student at Hong Kong's Polytechnic University, who uses Facebook and WhatsApp to communicate and plan with other protesters.
"It depends on your phone, because some China (brand) phones, they can detect your messages," he said.
Others in Hong Kong were still using WeChat, but had noted signs of censorship.
"WeChat is not blocked, I think some stuff is being deleted," said Jennie, who, after growing up in mainland China and being educated in the United States, now runs a Hong Kong-based charity.
"I forwarded an article (on Hong Kong) on today and it was deleted. The mainland should think it's good people are expressing ideas on behalf of the mainland government, but they even deleted that. Basically they're preventing the opportunity for dialog, which if you think about it is quite scary."
OFF THE GRID
One of the most popular tools for getting around network disruptions during recent demonstrations is FireChat, an "off-the-grid" messaging app where users can communicate with other users via Bluetooth without being connected to the internet.
It was the most downloaded app from Hong Kong's iOS App Store on Monday, and the more people who use the app, the further its signal is broadcast. The range from one device to the next is 40-70 meters.
Christophe Daligault, chief marketing officer at Open Garden Inc, the San Francisco-based company behind FireChat, said that despite widespread adoption of the app during internet blackouts in Iran and Iraq earlier this year, Hong Kong's embrace of FireChat was by far the largest.
"What we're seeing right now is beyond anything we've seen," he said.
Daligault warned, however, that messages on the app are public and people might want to avoid using their real names. Nevertheless, in a city of 7 million people, FireChat had more than 100,000 new users sign up in Hong Kong in under 24 hours.
As wireless networks went down in parts of Hong Kong on Sunday night, a possible result of saturation or network overload, demonstrators jumped onto FireChat to send updates about the protest and the latest police movements.
Others in Hong Kong posted messages on social networks about an invitation to download an app which some suspected was a virus being sent by the movement's opponents.
Hong Kong's internet is not subject to censorship like websites and apps on the mainland. There, more than 150 Weibo posts in every 10,000 were being censored on Sunday, a record high for 2014, according to censorship watchdog Weiboscope.
Despite that, images of the police reaction to largely peaceful protests were still being shared and discussed on the microblog as of Monday.
"All my friends ... know what's happening in Hong Kong," said Jennie in Hong Kong. "They're tweeting from Weibo and WeChat and forwarding articles. Not expressing personal views, but there are articles being forwarded."
At the same time, Chinese authorities ordered all websites to "immediately clear away information about Hong Kong students violently assaulting the government and about 'Occupy Central'," according to China Digital Times, another censorship watchdog.
"My dad saw an article discussion I forwarded on the 'deeper' issues causing the current situation, and he replied: 'Oh it's been deleted'," said Jennie. "And that's it, he didn't seem to be bothered by it." (Additional reporting by Farah Master in HONG KONG, Jeremy Wagstaff in SINGAPORE and Beijing Newsroom; Editing by Mike Collett-White)
More:

You Know You Wanna See Mr. Bean In The  Mona LisaLast week we were graced with John Malkovich's homage to some of history's most iconic images. Now, thanks to a humorous caricature artist, British actor Rowan Atkinson, aka Mr. Bean, is making his own mark on (art) history .
Rodney Pike replaced the faces of nearly 30 works with Atkinson's in an ongoing series that includes images of Leonardo da Vinci's "Mona Lisa," Gilbert Stuart's "George Washington" and Rembrandt van Rijn's "Self Portrait."
The results of the digitally edited portraits are nothing short of remarkable.
Who knew Atkinson's mischievous round eyes, rosy cheeks and thick brows would fit so seamlessly into some of history's most revered portraits?
Check out some of Pike's cheeky remastered works, below, and see more of his celebrity caricatures over at his online portfolio .
H/T Bored Panda
More:

BSE Sensex down 30 points in early trade ahead of RBI policyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jaya s conviction in DA case an opportunity for BJP(Politics in Tamil Nadu will…)
By: Nilanjan Mukhopadhyay
Though it is too early to say whether political developments in Tamil Nadu present the Bharatiya Janata Party with a chance to emerge as a major player, there is no denying that they present BJP with an opportunity. The conviction of J Jayalalithaa in the disproportionate assets case will undoubtedly precipitate one of the biggest political shakeups after the one that followed the death of MG Ramachandran. That phase ended only after MGR's protege wrested control from his widow.
Jayalalithaa may eventually stage a political comeback, like Lalu Prasad, but for that it is mandatory to secure bail and move freely even if she stays disqualified from contesting. While in jail, she will prevent desertions from her party and oversee emergence of new leaders, she will find it tough to be at ease with crowd-pullers in her party. BJP has not cheered the conviction but chosen to be circumspect. This is because of the personal warmth Jayalalithaa shares with PM Modi.
Modi repeatedly reminds everyone that in politics there are no full stops and he would not want to burn bridges with her. In future, she may even emerge as an ally. In any case, BJP cannot bank on the permanence of its seven-party alliance.
Like BJP, other parties also sense potential of the moment. DMK will explore resurrection before the 2016 polls, while Vijayakanth's DMDK, Ramadoss' PMK and Vaiko's MDMK will aspire for greater roles. Fringe players too seek more importance.
Ramadoss has already met Karunanidhi to invite him for his granddaughter's wedding. Similarly, Vaiko spoke favourably about the DMK patriarch while Vijayakanth has called for opposition unity against AIADMK. Clearly, BJP will ensure that it is not left alone if realignment among Dravidian parties takes place.
Politics in Tamil Nadu will continue to be impacted by developments in Sri Lanka and whether the Rajapakse regime agrees for devolution of power. Moreover, BJP is actively pitching for a new maritime policy with Colombo to resolve continuing fishing row. Modi has given little indication of his Sri Lankan policy. His pledge during campaign that sentiments of states would be taken into account can now be leveraged to ensure a bigger foothold for his party in Tamil Nadu.
BJP registered a significant presence in the parliamentary poll mainly on the strength of Modi's charisma and can hope to ride piggy back on this. The party will have to restrain its enfant terrible, Subramanian Swamy's elation at having been one of the petitioners against Jayalalithaa.
BJP will be wrong to assume that its emergence in Tamil Nadu is now predestined. Many knots will unravel in coming days, probably seeing shifts in BJP strategy. Tamil Nadu is likely to see new alliances and fresh faces. If people indicate they want to look beyond Dravidian politics, every party will have to go to the drawing board for fresh strategies, BJP included.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mamata dissents  wants governor bound by aid & advice of CMConstitution
(The stand can be traced to…)
NEW DELHI: West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has struck the sole discordant note in the Centre's consultations underway with the state governments over ratifying the twin bills, which will replace the collegium system of appointments to the superior judiciary with a broad-based National Judicial Appointments Commission (NJAC).
Banerjee has said the law be changed to take away any discretion resting with the Governor on this issue, a senior official told ET, adding that the CM has insisted in a letter written to the Centre that the Governor should be bound by the aid and advice of the chief minister.
The stand can be traced to the often bitter relationship that successive governments in West Bengal have had with the state governors. All other states have responded positively to the two bills, said the official, who did not wish to be identified.
Rajasthan had convened a special session and ratified the twin bills, one of which is a Constitution amendment bill, the official said. He added that most other state governments have assured that this will be done in the next three months when assemblies are in session.
The Narendra Modi-led government is unlikely to change the law to suit one state, the official said, ruling out any possibility of a rethink on the stipulation of consultations with the Governor. As per the bills, the respective chief minister will also be separately consulted although there is no provision in the law to deal with the eventuality of a difference of opinion between the two.
NJAC is expected to give an equal say to the executive in the appointments, restoring the pre-1993 position, originally provided for in the Constitution. The top court changed the system of appointments in 1993, when it introduced the collegium system comprising the Chief Justice of Indian and senior judges of a court, eliminating any executive role.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Defence Minister Arun Jaitley to miss military meet with RussiaUnion minister for Defence Arun Jaitley to miss military meet with Russia
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 30, 2014, 05.33AM IST
Tags:
AIIMS
(The government has launched…)
NEW DELHI: Union minister for Defence and Finance, Arun Jaitley , who is under treatment at AIIMS, will not attend a World Bank meeting slated for October in the US and his illhealth could also lead to the postponement of a crucial joint military meeting with Russia.
Officials told ET that it was almost certain that Jaitley would not travel to the US to participate in the World Bank meet scheduled for October 10-12. Jaitley was also scheduled to speak at an investor meet and do one-on-one video conferences with investors. He was expected to visit Pentagon during his trip to Washington DC on the invitation of his US counterpart Chuck Hagel . He had already skipped a meeting of FMs from G-20 nations in Australia in September.
Jaitley was admitted to a private hospital here for gastric bypass surgery on September 2 for lowering weight and treatment of diabetes. He was readmitted last week, as per the hospital, for treatment of gastroenteritis, and moved to AIIMS on Sunday. News agency Reuters quoted officials as saying that his absence for almost a month had begun to slow decisionmaking, including delays to appointments of officials such as the chief economic adviser in the finance ministry. But officials told ET Jaitley had been working from the hospital.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India & US proclaim  Chalein Saath Saath: Forward together we goBarack Obama
(The US and India commit to…)
WASHINGTON: India and the US today issued a vision statement "Chalein Saath Saath: Forward Together We Go" promising that their "strategic partnership" would work to combat terror threats and prevent the spread of weapons of mass destruction.
The statement, which also said that the Indo-US partnership will be a "model" for rest of the world, came even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi dwelt at length on the threat posed by terrorism, asserting that there is a need to take this challenge "seriously".
"There is a need to take the challenge of terrorism seriously. It's sad that many countries could not earlier understand the ugly face of terrorism which is enemy of humanity," Modi said while addressing the Council for Foreign Relations in New York before proceeding to Washington on the second and final leg of his five-day visit to the US.
Modi said terrorism cannot be measured on the scale of political plus and minus. "The world will have to speak in one voice against terrorism."
The vision statement was issued ahead of the private dinner hosted by President Barack Obama for Prime Minister Modi at the White House before the summit talks between leaders of the world's two largest democracies.
It said US-India strategic partnership is a joint endeavour for prosperity and peace, and through intense consultations, joint exercises and shared technology, their security cooperation will make the region and world safe and secure.
"As leaders of two great democratic nations with diverse traditions and faiths, we share a vision for a partnership in which the United States and India work together, not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world," the White House said releasing the statement.
"Together, we will combat terrorist threats and keep our homelands and citizens safe from attacks, while we respond expeditiously to humanitarian disasters and crises.
"We will prevent the spread of weapons of mass destruction, and remain committed to reducing the salience of nuclear weapons, while promoting universal, verifiable, and non-discriminatory nuclear disarmament," it said.
Asserting that the US and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century, the White House said, "Our partnership will be a model for the rest of the world".
According to the vision statement, the two countries will support an open and inclusive rules-based global order, in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including in a reformed United Nations Security Council.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Other state leaders in BJPs grand Maharashtra campaign planBJP
(Leaders with community…)
MUMBAI: The BJP, after separating from its 25-year-old ally Shiv Sena just weeks ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly polls, seems determined to win the state election battle. The party has a strategy in place, and is going to invite senior leaders, and even BJP chief ministers from other states, to campaign in specific areas of Maharashtra for an emotional -- or community -- connect.
In the next few days, Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje Scindia is expected to campaign in the Dhule and Jalgaon areas. The Scindias, who are Marathas hailing from Dhule, could tilt the scales in favour of BJP in Dhule.
Similarly, Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar is supposed to address meetings in the South Konkan region, areas which are closer to his home state Goa. Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu may also hold campaigns for the BJP in Nanded, because it has a large population of Telugus.
Minister of Chemicals and Fertilisers Anant Kumar will campaign in the Kolhapur-Sangli belt, where there are a number people who speak Kannada. The BJP's campaign strategy is simple: use these leaders in such a way so that they strike a chord with the voters.
Another BJP leader Murlidhar Rao, who hails from Andhra Pradesh, would be campaigning in Solapur, which again has a fairly large Teluguspeaking community. The biggest draw for the BJP though is Minister of Human Resource Development Smriti Irani -- who hails from Mumbai itself -- and a number of the saffron units in the state want her to campaign in their respective regions.
BJP's National Vice- President, Vinay Sahasrabuddhe said that the party would be using these leaders because they can speak Marathi as well as other languages. "It is a fact that Maharashtra is a predominantly Marathi-speaking state. Fortunately, the BJP has several multilingual stalwarts like Anant Kumar and Venkaiah Naidu who are capable and understanding and even speaking in Marathi. The party would be using them for this ability."
Plans are also on to rope in Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, though it is still not certain where he would be campaigning from. The BJP, which has got good response from the Gujarati community during the Lok Sabha polls, is not taking the community for granted either: Gujarat BJP leader Purshottam Rupala would be campaigning in South and North Mumbai because of a large presence of Gujaratis there. Rupala is also expected to campaign in Nandurbar which borders Gujarat.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex ends 33 points up post RBI policy reviewMarket update: BSE Sensex caps gains on selling in interest-sensitive stocks
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 17:58 IST
The Sensex had lost 29.21 points in the previous session (Photo: Reuters)
The BSE benchmark Sensex on Tuesday surrendered most of its early gains and closed a moderate 33 points higher on selling in interest-sensitive stocks like banking and realty, after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) kept interest rates unchanged in its bi-monthly monetary policy review.
In a highly volatile trade, the BSE sensex opened higher and rose to the day's high of 26,851.33, a jump of 254.22 points from its previous close , after RBI announced its bi-monthly policy. However, selling in banking and realty sector stocks and other blue-chip stocks, gave up most of its gain to close the session 33.40 points (or 0.13 per cent) higher at 26,630.51.
The 30-share barometer had lost 29.21 points on Monday after participants trimmed positions ahead of the RBI monetary policy review.
Similarly, the broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty, in two-way movements, finally settled 5.90 points (or 0.07 per cent) higher at 7,964.80 after touching the day's high of 8,030.90 and a low of 7,923.85.
Brokers said the central bank's decision to keep key policy rates unchanged was largely in line with investor expectations and had little impact on buying by participants but profit-booking at improved levels, minimised the gains, spread over a broad front.
The Reserve Bank, in its monetary policy, left the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent, statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) at 22 per cent and the cash reserve ratio static at 4 per cent.
Global cues were not conducive as Asian markets ended lower after a Chinese manufacturing gauge missed estimates. European markets were also weak in early trades.
While 14 of the 30 Sensex scrips ended with gains led by Sun Pharma (up 2.77 per cent), HDFC (2.17 per cent) and Bajaj Auto (2 per cent), BHEL, Axis Bank and Hindalco remained major losers.
Sectorally, BSE Consumer Durabless index gained the most by rising 1.75 per cent, followed by Healthcare (1.35 per cent), Oil & Gas index (1.14 per cent) and FMCG index (0.66 per cent). However, Banking index shed 0.47 per cent, followed by Realty index (2.66 per cent) and Auto index (0.06 per cent).

Modi-Obama joint edit: Defining relations in 21st centuryBarack Obama
(Chalein saath saath, that's…)
NEW DELHI: The arrival of a new government in New Delhi is the right time to expand collaboration in trade, investment and technology that aligns with India's development goals while sustaining US as the global engine of growth, US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in a joint article in Washington Post on Tuesday.
The article that appeared hours before the two sat down in White House for a one-to-one meeting evoked names like Swami Vivekananda, Martin Luther King, Mahatma Gandhi and Henry David Thoreau, and called for exploring ways in which businesses, scientists and governments can partner between the two countries.
This was the first time that an Indian PM had jointly written an editorial with the leader of the host country virtually setting the agenda for their talks. The US President recently had penned a joint piece with French President Francois Rollande.
ET learnt that the idea for a joint article came from White House after US officials heard Modi was writing an editorial for the Wall Street Journal. The PM agreed to it immediately and notes were exchanged electronically before the text was finalised at their dinner meeting in Washington on Monday night.
The editorial suggested the Swach Bharat campaign — Modi's ambitious plan for a Clean India — could be an immediate priority where both nations could collaborate. "We will leverage private and civil society innovation, expertise and technology to improve sanitation and hygiene throughout India," the two leaders said.
Outlining their security partnership the editorial in a veiled reference to China's territorial claims in the South China Sea region and objection to Indian energy investments there, the two leaders stressed, "As global partners, we are committed to enhancing our homeland security by sharing intelligence, through counterterrorism and law-enforcement cooperation while we jointly work to maintain freedom of navigation and lawful commerce across the seas".
The veiled reference to China was also evident when they wrote that the two countries remain committed to the larger effort "to integrate South Asia and connect it with markets and people in Central and Southeast Asia". It has been learnt that developing connectivity links between India and Southeast Asia in the backdrop of China's ambitions in the region is part of Delhi-Washington third country cooperation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama  Narendra Modi vow to boost strategic tiesSave precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi vowed on Monday to expand and deepen their countries' strategic partnership and make it a model for the rest of the world.
In a joint "vision statement" issued after their first meeting at a White House dinner, the two leaders said they would work together "not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world."
They said their countries would cooperate in security and fight terrorism and back a "rules based" global order in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including a reformed UN Security Council.
They also vowed to work together against the threat posed by climate change and to cooperate to address the consequences of unchecked pollution.
"We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century. Our partnership will be a model for the rest of the world," the "vision statement" said.
The two leaders also said the two countries would work to ensure that economic growth brought better livelihoods for all people and stressed the importance of open markets and fair and transparent practices to allow trade to flourish.
With President @BarackObama . We had a wonderful meeting and talked about a wide range of issues. pic.twitter.com/MRDjEjujCn
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 30, 2014
The United States has been keen to expand business and security ties with India, which is sees as a key counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia. Obama has backed Delhi's bid to become a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council.
However, so far the relationship has failed to live up to his declaration in 2010 that it would become "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st Century."
Modi has maintained a frantic schedule during his visit, which began on Friday, even though he is fasting in accordance with Hindu custom and drank only warm water at the White House dinner.
As part of an effort to spur foreign investment, he met more than a dozen U.S. corporate leaders earlier on Monday and told them he was committed to liberalizing India's economy, which has underperformed other emerging markets recently after years of breakneck growth.
On Saturday, Modi addressed the U.N. General Assembly and then appeared before some 60,000 people at a musical event in New York's Central Park aimed at ending global poverty and bringing essentials such as sanitation to all.
On Sunday, he received a rapturous welcome from a big crowd of Indian-Americans in an appearance in New York's Madison Square Garden arena.
He will hold further talks with Obama and his administration on Tuesday.

Learn as if you were going to live forever: Satya Nadella to students7
0
New Delhi: Live as if it's your last day, but learn as if you have to live forever, said Satya Nadella, the India-born Chief Executive of global software giant Microsoft while interacting with students on Tuesday.
At an interactive event with students, Nadella, who is on his maiden visit to India after taking over as the CEO of the US-headquartered firm, said one should be passionate about what he or she does and should never stop learning irrespective of the heights they scale.
He, along with Human Resources Development Minister Smriti Irani, was addressing students at an event, which was streamed live across 20 states, 300 cities and 750 locations.
Satya Nadella, along with Smriti Irani, was addressing students at an event, which was streamed live across 20 states, 300 cities and 750 locations.
#satya nadella #smriti irani #microsoft #students
Nadella advised the youth that they should "fall in love with what you do. Then it doesn't feel like work!" Talking about the opportunities in India, he said the energy and optimism in the country is palpable.
"As you prepare to change the world, the opportunity before you is unparallelled. All of you represent a multi-disciplinary approach to innovation -- and that will change the future. The mobile first, cloud first is a very rich canvas for innovation -- it is not the device that is mobile, it is the person that is mobile." He added that "in the long run, EQ (emotional quotient) trumps IQ 9 (intelligence quotient). Without being a source of energy for others very little can be accomplished."
Reminiscing his journey, Nadella said when he was growing up, he had not anticipated that he would "go west of Mumbai". "...and then I land up in Wisconsin. Believe me, my journey has not been a simple journey of progress.
There have been many ups and downs and it is the choices that I made at each of those times that have helped shape what I have achieved," he added.
16

Petrol price cut by 65p;diesel rate to wait for PM s returnSep 30, 2014, 09.07 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Petrol price cut by 65p;diesel rate to wait for PM's return
State-owned oil firms, which skipped raising rates on September 16 even though their cost had gone up, cut prices in view of the downward trend in international markets. Petrol price was reduced by 54 paisa a litre without including local sales tax or VAT, with effect from midnight tonight.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Petrol price cut by 65p;diesel rate to wait for PM's return
State-owned oil firms, which skipped raising rates on September 16 even though their cost had gone up, cut prices in view of the downward trend in international markets. Petrol price was reduced by 54 paisa a litre without including local sales tax or VAT, with effect from midnight tonight.
Post your opinion here
 
Petrol price was today cut by 54 paisa a litre, but the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years was put off until the return of Prime Minister Narendra Modi from the US.
State-owned oil firms, which skipped raising rates on September 16 even though their cost had gone up, cut prices in view of the downward trend in international markets. Petrol price was reduced by 54 paisa a litre without including local sales tax or VAT, with effect from midnight tonight.
After accounting for the incidence of local sales tax, petrol rate in Delhi was reduced by 65 paisa to Rs 67.86 per litre, according to  Indian Oil Corp (IOC), the nation's largest fuel retailer. In Mumbai, petrol price was cut by 68 paisa to Rs 75.73 per litre. Petrol price was last cut by Rs 1.50 a litre, excluding state levies, on August 31. That reduction in Delhi came to Rs 1.82 per litre.
Alongside, the price of non-subsidised 14.2-kg cooking gas LPG cylinder, which consumer buy after exhausting their quota of 12 subsidised bottles in a year, was cut by Rs 21 to Rs 880 in Delhi. However, a reduction diesel rates, the first since January 2009, was put off till Modi's return from the US as the Oil Ministry felt it did not have a clear mandate to reduce rates post the January 2013 decision of the Cabinet to raise prices by 40-50 paisa a litre every month.
Petrol price was cut as it is a deregulated product needing no government intervention. Softening international oil rates has meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre.
Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan is believed to have already written to Modi on the emerging scenario. Also, the ministry has written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of state assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana. A decision will be taken after Modi's return, they said.
RELATED NEWS

Gandhi  Orwell legacy splits Bihar s Motihari over getting a landmarkGandhi, Orwell legacy splits Bihar's Motihari over getting a landmark
Sagar Suraj , Hindustan Times  Motihari, Bihar, September 30, 2014
First Published: 21:23 IST(30/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:15 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
The lake town of Motihari in Bihar has turned into a battleground for self-styled champions of Mahatma Gandhi and George Orwell’s legacies. While the pro-Gandhi group wants a memorial to the Mahatma who launched a Satyagraha movement from Motihari, the other side supports a project to turn a crumbling brick bungalow where the Animal Farm author was born into a monument to him.
Self-styled champions of George Orwell’s legacies showing support for a project to turn a crumbling brick bungalow where the Animal Farm author was born into a monument dedicated to him. (HT Photo)
About a hundred people held a demonstration and a fast on Tuesday, saying those opposed to the Orwell memorial were racists with totalitarian tendencies, traits both Orwell and Gandhi criticised.
Orwell was born Eric Arthur Blair on June 25, 1903 in the city near the Nepal border while his father, Richard W Blair, worked as an agent in the opium department of the civil service in colonial India.
The family’s tiny single-storey bungalow was in disrepair until the Bihar government kicked off the project to turn it into a protected monument this year.
“We are proud that Motihari is the birthplace of such a great and world-renowned writer,” said activist Muna Giri, who led the pro-Orwell demonstration. “Had they (the detractors) known him, they would not have opposed Orwell. Both Orwell and Gandhi fought against injustice.”
The pro-Gandhi group, however, wants the bungalow to be demolished and a Satyagraha Park to be set up in the area to honour the Mahatma. Orwell was a symbol of the British Raj and its imperialism, they said, and all signs of his legacy should be blotted out from the city.
“We are committed to protest the development work at the Orwell site,” said advocate Mamta Rani Verma, who is spearheading the pro-Gandhi movement. “The Satyagraha Park should be built first.”
Verma and others say Gandhi's first Satyagraha movement began at this site in 1917 against the high taxes imposed on indigo farmers by the British regime.
The local administration has, so far, maintained a distance from the controversy. This reporter tried to contact area district magistrate Abhay Kumar Singh, but he remained unavailable for comment.
Orwell, who lived in Motihari for a year as a child before leaving for England, wrote admiringly of Gandhi in his 1949 essay “Reflections on Gandhi”.
But he also criticised his famously austere lifestyle.
“No doubt alcohol, tobacco and so forth are things that a saint must avoid, but sainthood is also a thing that human beings must avoid,” Orwell wrote.

India  US to dismantle terror networks  develop smart citiesIndia, US agree to dismantle terror networks; develop smart cities
Reuters –  Tue 30 Sep, 2014
Print
WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama and new Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi vowed on Monday to expand and deepen their countries' strategic partnership and make it a model for the rest of the world.
In a joint "vision statement" issued after their first meeting at a White House dinner, the two leaders said they would work together "not just for the benefit of both our nations, but for the benefit of the world."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama broadly agreed to make ‘joint and concerted efforts’ to disrupt the flow of financial and tactical support for Lashkar-e-Tayiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad, underworld don Dawood Ibramin and Haqqani network and to dismantle terror safe havens.
Other highlights
India-US Group to address all implementation issues to speed up deployment of US origin nuclear reactors in India.
India-US agree on joint & concerted efforts, including dismantling of safe havens for terrorist & criminal networks.
US to cooperate as knowledge partner for India's planned National Defence University.
India-US decide to renew Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for a further 10 years.
Infrastructure platform to facilitate US & Indian firms in expanding infrastructure projects.
US to be lead partner in developing Allahabad, Ajmer and Vizag as smart cities.
India-US decide to renew Framework Agreement for defence cooperation for a further 10 years.
India and US have decided to renew the framework agreement for defence cooperation for a further 10 years.
Prime Minister Modi also in invited President Obama and his family to visit India at his convenience.
They said their countries would cooperate on security and to fight terrorism and would back a "rules based" global order in which India assumes greater multilateral responsibility, including a reformed U.N. Security Council.
They also vowed to work together against the threat posed by climate change and to cooperate to address the consequences of unchecked pollution.
"We have a vision that the United States and India will have a transformative relationship as trusted partners in the 21st century. Our partnership will be a model for the rest of the world," they said in their statement said.
The two leaders also said their countries would work to ensure that economic growth brought better livelihoods for all people and stressed the importance of open markets and fair and transparent practices to allow trade to flourish.
Washington has been keen to expand business and security ties with India, which it sees as a key counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia. Obama has backed New Delhi's bid to become a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council.
However, the relationship has failed to live up to his declaration in 2010 that it would become "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st Century."
Modi, who came to power in May, has received a warm welcome in the United States, even though he was denied a visa in 2005 over rioting in his home state three years earlier that killed more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims. Modi denies any wrongdoing and has been exonerated by an Indian Supreme Court investigation.
He has maintained a frantic schedule since arriving in America on Friday, even though he is fasting in accordance with Hindu custom and drank only warm water at the White House.
As part of an effort to spur foreign investment, he met more than a dozen U.S. corporate leaders early on Monday and told them he was committed to liberalizing India's economy, which has underperformed other emerging markets recently after years of breakneck growth. [ID:L2N0RU1SJ]
'BIG THINGS'
On Saturday, Modi addressed the U.N. General Assembly and then appeared before some 60,000 people at a musical event in New York's Central Park aimed at ending global poverty and bringing essentials such as sanitation to all.
On Sunday, he received a rapturous welcome from a big crowd of Indian-Americans in an appearance in New York's Madison Square Garden arena.
Modi's spokesman, Syed Akbaruddin, said the dinner meeting was "extremely convivial" and the two leaders found they had a common interest in technology and shared experience in that they were relative political outsiders before coming to power.
He said they agreed they "should focus on some big things they can achieve in a finite time period in the next few years."
Modi sought suggestions from the U.S. business leaders as to how the investment environment could be improved. When some complained about unpredictable taxes, he said he was "committed to a stable tax regime" as this was necessary to encourage investment, Akbaruddin said.
He said Modi had invited the U.S. BlackRock investment management firm to stage a major conference in India early next year to bring in big investors from around the world. He said BlackRock had said the event could bring in as much as $6 billion in investment.
Among those attending the breakfast meeting with Modi were the chief executives of Caterpillar Inc and Boeing Co.
Caterpillar Chairman and CEO Doug Oberhelman told, Reuters he had been impressed by Modi's determination to revive the Indian economy. "I believed him. He was very serious," he said.
However, last week the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and 15 other business associations representing various sectors gave a more cautious assessment, questioning Modi's record and urging Obama to press him to remove barriers to trade. [ID:nL6N0RQ4JU]
They highlighted India's blockage of a key World Trade Organization deal reached last year, which overshadowed a July 30-Aug. 1 visit to India by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry. [ID:nL4N0Q744H]
Speaking at the Council on Foreign Relations think-tank, Modi reiterated his WTO stance, saying that while India supported the trade pact, its demands for food stockpiles were not incompatible with it.
He stressed his campaign to encourage domestic manufacturing and India's desire for U.S. know-how, something U.S. firms have been reluctant to share without stronger intellectual property protections.
(Reporting by David Brunnstrom; Editing by Michael Perry and Robert Birsel, from Reuters, and Agencies)
Recommend

HK sees protests lasting for long periodHong Kong expects democracy protests to last for ‘long period’
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40ba38de-485b-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bezos  Nadella  now Zuckerberg: US comes to India | Hopeful on India: NadellaAmaon
(Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg may…)
NEW DELHI: Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg will be visiting India this month and will most likely meet in this country one of the biggest fans (and user) of the social networking phenomenon he has created — Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Zuckerberg's visit to India, Facebook's fastest-growing market, will mark a hat-trick of India visits by high-profile CEOs of American corporations in a fortnight. Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and Microsoft boss Satya Nadella are already in the country now.
Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad confirmed to ETthat Zuckerberg, one of the world's youngest billionaires with a personal wealth estimated at $33 billion, has sought meetings with the prime minister and other senior ministers between October 9 and 10.
Second Facebook honcho to visit India
The minister declined to share more details of the meetings, but Facebook is widely tipped to be partnering the government in Swachh Bharat, one of Modi's pet initiatives aimed at improving cleanliness levels across the country.
A spokesman for Facebook India declined comment on the visit as well as the proposed partnership. Zuckerberg, 30, will be the second top executive from Facebook to come calling since the Modi government was sworn into power.
In July, Facebook's Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg visited the country and also met Modi, who was among the early Indian politicians to effectively use the power of social networks first during the election campaign and later even in government.
Modi has alluded to the power of Facebook and Twitter, another social networking tool he uses regularly, in his speeches, most recently in one of his public speeches in the US.
When Modi met Sandberg in July, he had suggested the use of Facebook for improving governance, better interaction between people and government, and to attract more tourists to India. He had also spoken to her on how Facebook could assist India in his drive to improve cleanliness. Modi will launch a Swachh Bharat campaign in Delhi on October 2 and the government plans to propagate the massive project through a social media outreach programme on Facebook.
Zuckerberg's visit will not be all about schmoozing with the government. Another person familiar with the visit said Zuckerberg will speak at the Facebook-promoted Internet.org's Content and Usability Summit, which is being held in Delhi. The summit aims to focus on accelerating the creation and consumption of locally relevant content and value-added services in India, according to an invitation sent out by Internet.org.
India is an important market for the social networking company. According to market research firm eMarketer, India is the company's second-biggest market after the US in terms of the number of users. India, however, will account for the fastest growth — 40% — in people logging on to the social networking platform in 2014. The number of users in India will touch 108.9 million by the end of the year compared with 77.8 million in 2013 — almost 10% of the Indian population and mostly young people.
The Modi government is also tying up with the charity foundation of Microsoft founder Bill Gates, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which will share its R&D experience and also transfer technology to build cost-effective toilets across the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mangalyaan sends 3D image of MarsHere's a 3D image of Mars from Mangalyaan photos
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 01, 2014
First Published: 08:56 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:54 IST(1/10/2014)
The Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) on Tuesday uploaded a 3D image of Mars - generated using multiple pictures acquired by Mars Color Camera in the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM).
3D image of Mars taken by the Mars Orbiter Mission. (Courtesy: Isro)
India's maiden spacecraft to Mars - MOM had reached the Red Planet on September 24.
"An anaglyph 3D image of Mars - generated using multiple pictures acquired by Mars Color Camera," says the Facebook page of Isro.
But before that Isro also loaded for public an easy way on how to make your own 3D glasses.
On Monday, Isro had uploaded the regional dust storm activities over northern hemisphere of Mars - captured by Mars Color Camera. The image was taken from an altitude of 74,500 km from the surface of Mars.

Sensex down 16 points in early trade on profit-bookingOct 01, 2014 at  04:23pm IST
Nifty ends below 7950; IT surges, Hero up, Maruti falls 3 per cent
0
0
Mumbai: The market ended a dull day of trade on a flat note. The Nifty ended tad below 7950 down 19.25 points at 7945.55 while the Sensex slipped 62.52 points at 26567.99. Oil & gas and FMCG stocks were beaten down while IT stocks gained on dollar strength.
Wipro, Infosys, M&M, TCS and Hero were top gainers. On the losing side were Maruti, Tata Steel, GAIL, Tata Power and Reliance.
Similarly, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty fell 8.05 points, or 0.10 per cent, to 7,956.75.
Wipro, Infosys, M&M, TCS and Hero were top gainers.
#sensex #nifty #bse #nse
Brokers said apart from profit-booking by speculators after Tuesday's gains, capital outflows by foreign funds and a mixed trend in overseas markets, influenced sentiments here.
Besides, cautious approach by participants in view of a holiday-shortened week as markets will remain closed on Thursday and Friday for Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi and Dussehra, respectively, also cast its shadow, they said.
Among other Asian bourses, Japan's Nikkei was trading 0.26 per cent higher in early trade on Wednesday, while Hong Kong's financial markets are closed for public holiday.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 0.17 per cent lower in Tuesday's trade.
1

Separate toilet for girls  demand students of Madhya Pradesh government higher secondary schoolIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Wipro hits 14-year high as government clears SEZ in Andhra PradeshWipro hits 14-year high as government clears SEZ in Andhra Pradesh
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 10:22 AM IST
Shares of Wipro were trading higher by 3% to Rs 614 on National Stock Exchange (NSE) in otherwise subdued market  on reports that the government has approved the proposal of Wipro to set up SEZs in Andhra Pradesh. The benchmark CNX Nifty was down 0.06% at 7,960 points at 1025 hours.
Wipro Ltd has proposed to set up IT/ITES zone in Andhra Pradesh on an area of 1.22 hectares, the PTI report suggests.
The stock opened at Rs 598 and touched high of Rs 616, its highest level since March 2000 on NSE. A combined around 1.08 million shares changed hands on the counter so far on NSE and BSE.
 

Here s what will drive Apple iPhone 6 to mor...You are here: Home > Collections > Apple
Here's why Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus may win the race with premium smartphones
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 10.22AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(Apple iPhone's larger,…)
NEW DELHI: Apple's new devices — iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus — are expected to corner a chunk of the premium market when they are introduced in India on the back of pent up aspirational demand.
The Cupertino-based company's new gadgets could beat back competition from upcoming launches by leading brands such as Samsung, Sony and BlackBerry in this low-volume, high-value category of smartphones, say analysts.
The brand's iconic status — besides features such as a larger, crisper screen, faster processor, better camera and onboard storage of as much as 128 GB — will continue to draw consumers, analysts add.
"Success of upcoming flagship devices such as iPhone 6 series, BlackBerry and Xperia Z3 will be quite polarised towards iPhones as the rich urban consumer will look to get her hands on the most aspirational brand in the market right now, which is Apple," said Tarun Pathak , a senior research analyst at Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research.
Of the two, the iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch display could fare better, given the demand for handsets with larger screen sizes, analysts said.
While there is uncertainty over whether Apple will start selling the new iPhones in India before or after Diwali, Samsung is set to launch its Note 4 phablet before the festival of lights. Although the India prices for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have not been officially disclosed, they are available in Delhi's grey market for between Rs 1,00,000 and Rs 2,00,000, three to four times the expected price, and an indication of the huge interest in the products.
The unlocked, 128 GB iPhone 6 Plus costs $949 (about Rs 58,600) in the US, according to Apple's website.
However, launch delays and supply issues given the huge global demand and "exorbitant pricing" could affect demand for the new iPhones for at least the next two or three months, Pathak cautioned, indicating that if Apple missed the upcoming festival season, competitors such as Samsung and Sony could steal a march over it in the near term. Apple sold over 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models in the three days after the launch on September 19.
Sony started sales of flagship products Xperia Z3 and Xperia Z3 Compact last week at Rs 51,990 and Rs 44,990, respectively, while Black-Berry launched its Passport smartphone on Monday for Rs 49,990. Samsung introduced the Galaxy ALPHA smartphone for Rs 39,990 last week.
The new and upcoming launches, which showcase technological advancements and innovations, could provide a fillip to growth in the premium segment of smartphones, which start at Rs 35,000. Sony has improved its display, hardware and design over the Z2, while Samsung brought a steel-bodied phone for the first time in the Galaxy Alpha. BlackBerry's Passport offers a unique square display, which allows greater reading space, apart from an innovative touch-enabled keyboard that combines a physical keypad with virtual keypad functions.
According to Counterpoint Research, the market share of smartphones above Rs 35,000 was limited to 2.5% in the first quarter till March and fell to 2.3% by June. The decline was mainly blamed on the lack of innovation, which wasn't appealing enough for consumers to replace their already expensive handsets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama-Modi committed to facilitate actions necessary to increase trade another fivefoldObama-Modi committed to facilitate actions necessary to increase trade another fivefold
PM Modi resets India-US relations in summit talksPM Modi resets India-US relations in summit talks
Non-bank finance cos fall on worries about bad loan normsNon-bank finance cos fall on worries about bad loan norms
Microsoft: Next version is Windows 10Skips version 9 to emphasise advances
San Francisco, Oct 1:  
The next version of Microsoft’s flagship operating system will be called Windows 10, as the company skips version 9 to emphasise advances it is making toward a world centred on mobile devices and Internet services.
The current version, Windows 8, has been widely derided for forcing radical behavioural changes. Microsoft is restoring some of the more traditional ways of doing things and promises that Windows 10 will be familiar for users regardless of which version of Windows they are now using.
For instance, the start menu in Windows 10 will appear similar to what is found in Windows 7, but tiles opening to the side will resemble what is found in Windows 8.
Joe Belfiore, a Microsoft executive who oversees Windows design and evolution, said Windows 10 will offer “the familiarity of Windows 7 with some of the benefits that exist in Windows 8” to help business users make the transition.
Microsoft offered a glimpse of its vision for Windows at a San Francisco event on Tuesday aimed at business customers.
Microsoft is making a technical preview version available to selected users starting Wednesday. It plans to unveil details about consumer features early next year, with a formal release in mid—2015.
Analysts consider the success of the new Windows crucial for Microsoft and new CEO Satya Nadella, who must show that Microsoft can embrace mobile devices without sacrificing the traditional computing experience.
The new software represents an attempt to step back from the radical redesign that alienated many PC users when Windows 8 was introduced two years ago. But it’s not a complete retreat from Microsoft’s goal of bridging the gap between PCs and mobile devices: It still has touch—screen functions and strives to create a familiar experience for Windows users who switch between desktop computers, tablets and smartphones.
Microsoft executive Terry Myerson said Windows 10 will be “a whole new generation” and, as expected, will work across a variety of devices —from phones to gaming consoles.
Microsoft currently has three main systems Windows 8 for traditional computers and tablets, Windows Phone 8 for cellphones and Xbox for its gaming console. By unifying the underlying systems, software developers will be able to create apps for the various devices more easily. Consumers will also be able to switch devices more easily and avoid having to buy the same apps multiple times.
That doesn’t mean the apps will look the same on the various devices. Developers will still be able to adapt apps for the various screen sizes, but won’t have to start from the beginning for each version.
User interfaces on the various devices may also differ, even as they share underlying technologies. For now, Microsoft plans to keep the current Xbox interface on the game console.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Task forces set up to lay down roadmap for new regulatorybodiesPrint
New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 11:16 am
The government on Tuesday announced setting up of four task forces to lay down the roadmap for developing four new regulatory agencies — Public Debt Management Agency (PDMA), Financial Sector Appellate Tribunal (FSAT), Financial Data Management Centre (FDMC) and Resolution Corporation (RC).
The setting up of these four agencies, along with restructuring of the existing regulatory agencies, was suggested by the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission (FSLRC) in its March 2013 report.
The terms of reference of the four task forces will be to study the international best practices for debt management, procedural rules of courts and tribunals, information systems, and resolution mechanisms, and develop the organisational design and financial plans for setting up the four agencies.
Each task force will have 8-13 members drawn from current and former members in the government and the judiciary, and existing financial sector regulators like the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), and Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), among others.
The task force on PDMA will be headed by former Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) chairman Dhirendra Swarup. The task force on FSAT will be headed by Justice NK Sodhi, former chief justice of Kerala and Karnataka high courts and former presiding officer of the securities appellate tribunal. The task force on FDMC will be headed by former RBI deputy governor Subir Gokarn and the task force on RC will be headed by former Sebi chairman M Damodaran.
fe Bureau | The Financial Express
 

Factories expand at slowest pace this Sept: PMIBank of India
(Elevated inflation and…)
NEW DELHI: Manufacturing grew at its slowest pace in nine months in September, indicating that festive demand was yet to take effect. The weak output and order flows slowed the pace of expansion, a private survey showed on Wednesday, pointing toward the possibility of a wobbly economic recovery.
The HSBC manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) — which gauges factory activity based on data from 500 large companies — was down to 51 points in September from 52.4 in August on back of a slowdown in new order flows. A reading of more than 50 in the index shows expansion.
"Manufacturing activity continues to slow amid weaker output and new order flows. Responding to the slowdown, firms lowered purchases and trimmed inventories," said Frederic Neumann, co-head of Asian Economic Research at HSBC.
The new government has already announced measures to get manufacturing back on track. Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched the Make In India drive last week in an effort to revive and strengthen the sector to create jobs and boost economy.
Manufacturing has shown signs of recovery this year, as it expanded after a gap of two quarters at 3.5% in the quarter ended June. The economy grew at a nine-quarter high of 5.7% in Q1, led mainly by the industry sector.
In the last two fiscal years, the economy has grown at decadal lows of less than 5%.
Cancellation of 214 coal blocks by the Supreme Court last week poses a risk to government's manufacturing revival efforts.
The index of eight core industries data released by the government showed coal output expand in double digits at 13.4%, however it does not seem sustainable.
The capital goods sector witnessed the steepest growth in September, which may point towards an investment pickup in the economy. While output expanded for the 11th straight month as a result of improved demand, the pace of expansion slowed. New orders also rose for the 11th month running.
Export demand also strengthened in September, with Indian manufacturers seeing new business growing at an accelerated pace. In contrast, export growth in August decelerated to a fivemonth low of 2.35% because of a topossible slump in the euro zone.
"Panel members commented on strengthening demand from key export clients. Marked expansions in foreign orders were reported in consumer and intermediate goods sub-sectors, while exports fell at producers of investment goods," the report said.
The euro zone, which accounts for about 18% of India's exports, is on the verge of entering a recession for the third time in six years. The 18-nation bloc saw zero economic expansion in the quarter ended June.
India manufacturing activity struggled last year as the private sector refrained from investing on account of high interest rates.
Though inflation has shown signs of easing, RBI kept interest rates unchanged on September 30.
"On the positive side, the rate of cost inflation decelerated sharply and output prices were unchanged. The central bank is likely to look beyond near-term moderation and keep policy rates elevated so as to rein in entrenched inflation expectations," said Neumann.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hero MotoCorp gains 3% on strong September salesHero Moto gains 3%; expert's take on auto stocks
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 10.31AM IST
Tags:
Hero MotoCorp
(The company sold over 6,00,000…)
MUMBAI: Shares of two-wheeler major Hero MotoCorp gained nearly 3 per cent in September on the back of strong sales in festival season.
The company sold over 6,00,000 units last month, up 30 per cent, from year-ago period. Retail sales from September 25-30 jumped to 1.7 lakh units, up 15 per cent, Y-o-Y.
"As despatches will continue till midnight of September 30, the final tally for the month is expected to be much higher," the company said in a statement.
It has lined-up 10 product launches during festive season.
Here's what Sanjay Dutt, Director, Quantum Securities, has to say on auto stocks:
You would see robust monthly sales in auto sector but I am not too enthused on Hero Motors. These stocks are over-owned, price to perfection positives are built in there. Everyone on the street is talking about festival demand which is reflected in the price.
From a longer term perspective, M&M or Maruti would still be a better bet in a portfolio. But, these are also on correction mode. You would see two-three rough days for the entire auto sector for whatever reason and that is the time one should be buying them.
There could be an opportunity in Ashok Leyland but with a caveat that I want to buy it on a correction.
The fact that my view is negative on the markets in the immediate short term is because you have already seen a 200% rise. There is a good chance of a reasonably good correction coming in the most of these stocks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Come soon before it s too late  Modi tells US businessesHi Guest
Come soon before it's too late, Modi tells US businesses
The US Chamber of Commerce President, Tom Donohue, in his brief remarks welcomed Modi's commitment to replace "red tape with red carpet".  Photograph: Courtesy, USIBC Asserting that India is on the move to becoming a country with a business-friendly environment, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has exhorted top US corporates to establish and expand their base in India before it is too late. "Take the benefit of the fast paced development and changes in the Indian economy," Modi said in his address ...

DSP BlackRock Micro Cap restricts fresh investmentsDSP BlackRock Micro Cap restricts fresh investments
Army helicopter crashes; three officers killedArmy helicopter crashes; three officers killed
Press Trust of India | Bareilly (UP) Oct 01, 2014 10:30 AM IST
An army helicopter today crashed moments after taking off from an airbase here, killing the two pilots and an engineer.
"The incident occurred this morning. Three officer were killed," an army official said.
According to sources, the helicopter was on a routine flight.
Eyewitnesses claimed that the chopper appeared to be in trouble moments after taking off. It soon caught fire and crashed at the airbase.
Two pilots and an engineer on board the chopper were killed in the crash.
Senior administration and police official have reached the spot.

Apollo Hospitals gains on collaboration with SanofiApollo Hospitals gains on collaboration with Sanofi
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 11:23 AM IST
Shares of Apollo Hospitals Enterprise are trading nearly 2% higher to Rs 1,140 on the BSE after the company collaborated with global pharmaceuticals firm Sanofi  to provide integrated diabetes care programs via Apollo Sugar Clinics.
 
The first wave of this collaboration will focus on the establishment of 50 Apollo Sugar Clinics.
 
Through this partnership, Apollo and Sanofi plan to leverage their respective expertise in diabetes to provide patients with access to comprehensive educational resources, treatment and care programs for better management.
 
The stock opened at Rs 1,123, touched a high of Rs 1,149 and a low of Rs 1,123 on the BSE. A total of 5,687 shares exchanged hands on the BSE so far.
 

TABcab to honour ISRO scientists by carrying messages &photosPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 1, 2014 11:39 am
To honour ISRO scientists for their achievement of the Mars Orbiter Mission, TABcab, city’s fleet of radio cabs, will display on its 200 vehicles their photos and messages congratulating the space agency.
The messages would felicitate ISRO and also display photographs of scientists and ‘Mangalyaan’, the spacecraft, TABcab said in a release here.
This exercise is being undertaken to celebrate the great achievement and pay respects to the scientists who have created a history in Space studies, the release said.
“The achievement has swept the entire nation with a feeling of pride and happiness. ISRO is the first one across the globe to successfully accomplish the Mars Mission in a record time of three years and within a budget of Rs 450 crore,” said the release.
Jagdish Purohit, Managing Director, TABcab said “the achievement of ISRO’s M-O-M has astonished nations across the globe for India’s competencies in numerous areas like research, project management, execution and technology.
“TABcab’s effort through this initiative is not only to honour ISRO but also to salute their contribution in creating history in space studies,” he added.

Relatives to slug it out in Maharashtra pollringPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 1, 2014 11:32 am
Maharashtra will witness many politicians battling it out against their relatives who are contesting as candidates of rival parties to enter the Assembly.
Ashish Deshmukh, nephew of NCP leader and Food and Civil Supplies minister Anil Deshmukh, is pitted against his uncle in Katol, which Anil has been representing since 1995.
Ashish, who is a BJP candidate, is the son of former State Congress Chief Ranjit Deshmukh while his elder brother Amol is the NCP candidate from Ramtek for the October 15 polls.
Ashish said he was always with the BJP and contested the 2009 assembly polls from Saoner.
“I lost narrowly. I am a supporter of smaller states which the BJP advocates. NCP has done injustice to Vidarbha and I want to ensure that NCP does not get a single seat in the region,” he told PTI, asserting that political ideologies do  not come in way of family relations.
His brother Amol was interested in getting a ticket from the Congress. But the party fielded Shiv Sena leader turned Congressman Subodh Mohite. Instead of contesting as an independent, Amol went into the NCP fold.
Politics drove a wedge in the family of late BJP leader Gopinath Munde when he chose his eldest daughter Pankaja to replace him in Parli assembly constituency in 2009 over his nephew Dhananjay.
Dhananjay, who was made an MLC, quit the BJP to join NCP. This assembly poll, the two cousins are pitted against each other.
Pankaja, who has been brought to the centrestage of BJP state unit after her father’s sudden demise, is seeking re-election from Parli while estranged cousin Dhananjay is the candidate from the Sharad Pawar-led party.
Congressman Sanjay Devtale jumped on to the BJP bandwagon after his party fielded his sister-in-law Asawari Devtale from Warora instead of him. Now, Devtale is pitted against Asawari who is making her electoral debut.
Asawari, a gynaecologist by profession, told PTI that she felt sad that politics has created tension in her family.
“My mother-in-law and Sanjay Devtale’s mother are sisters. Sanjaybhau is the first cousin of my husband Vijay. We are a close joint family,” she added.
The break-up of alliances in Maharashtra, especially, has led members of many ‘political families’ to contest from rival parties, according to observers.
Among those who lead the pack is the family of former NCP leader and minister Vijay Kumar Gavit, who is contesting on a BJP ticket from his constituency of Nandurbar.
His younger brother Sharad Gavit, who had defeated veteran congressman Surupsing Naik in 2009 from Navapur on Samwajwadi party ticket is now in NCP taking on Naik again from the same constituency. Another brother Rajendra Gavit is the NCP nominee from Shahada.
Similarly, even though Surupsing Naik is the Congress candidate from Navapur, his relative Nagesh Padvi is the BJP nominee from Akkalkuwa.

12 killed  45 injured in train collision nea...You are here: Home > Collections
12 killed, 45 injured in train collision near Gorakhpur
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 11.20AM IST
Tags:
Alok Kumar Singh
(The CPRO said that Rapid…)
GORAKHPUR: t least 12 persons were killed and 45 injured when a speeding passenger train allegedly jumped signal and collided with another train which was taking a turn on a loop line near here last night.
The Maduadeeh-Lucknow Krishak Express hit Barauni bound express train from Lucknow from the side while it was on the loop line at Nandanagar railway crossing, about seven kilometers from here, at around 11 PM, Chief Public Relation Officer of North- Eastern Railway Alok Kumar Singh told PTI today.
Three coaches of Barauni Express were badly damaged in the collision.
12 passengers have died in the accident, Singh said adding the Loco pilot of Krishak Express Ram Bahadur and assistant Loco pilot Satyajeet have been suspended for allegedly overshooting the signal.
"Prima facie it appears the Krishak Express was supposed to stop, but it overshot the signal," he said. The train was going towards Lucknow while Barauni express was coming from the state capital.
45 passengers were injured in the accident and condition of 12 was stated to be serious, the official said.
"An inquiry has been ordered by the railway under Commissioner Rail Safety P K Bajpai to ascertain the cause of the incident," another spokesman Anil Saxena said.
The CPRO said that Rapid Action Force, Gorkha Regiment and railway police have reached the spot and started the rescue work.
The injured have been admitted at different hospitals in Gorakhpur.
The railway has also set up helpline for inquiries for various cities -- Gorakhpur (05513303365, 09794846980), Lucknow (05222233042), Chhapra (09006693233) and Benares (09919041978), the spokesperson said.
Movement of trains on Gorakhpur-Varanasi track was disrupted following the incident and few trains have been diverted.
Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda has expressed "profound grief" over the loss of lives and announced compensation for the victims.
An enhanced ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh will be given to the families of the deceased, Rs one lakh for grievously injured and Rs 20,000 for those sustaining simple injuries, a railway official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

National Herald case: Delhi HC to decide on pleas by Sonia  Rahul GandhiComments
The Delhi High Court on Wednesday posted the plea of Congress president Sonia Gandhi, vice-president Rahul Gandhi and other party leaders in a case relating to the acquisition of the National Herald daily for final hearing on November 3.
Congress leaders, including party treasurer Motilal Vora, general secretary Oscar Fernandes and Suman Dubey, had filed a petition in the high court on August 1, challenging a summons order that was issued to them by a trial court on a complaint by BJP leader Subramanian Swamy.
Meanwhile, the stay granted by the HC against the criminal proceedings in a trial court in New Delhi will continue till the next date of hearing.
The summons were issued by a metropolitan magistrate in a criminal complaint filed by Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) politician Subramanian Swamy.
Apart from the Gandhis, the others who were issued summons on 26 June are former Madhya Pradesh chief minister Motilal Vora, ex-Union minister Oscar Fernandes, journalist and Gandhi family friend Suman Dubey and former technology policy adviser Sam Pitroda.
Justice VP Vaish had last month observed "the matter should be disposed of finally on October 1", adding that in the interest of justice, the matter should not be prolonged.
The accused face charges of criminal breach of trust, dishonest misappropriation of property, cheating and criminal conspiracy in dealings concerning the National Herald group of newspapers.
The Congress loaned Rs. 90.25 crore to Associated Journals Ltd (AJL), the company that published National Herald and other newspapers, but instead of recovering it, the party assigned the loan to Young India, a firm in which the Gandhis are the majority shareholders, for a relatively small sum of Rs. 50 lakh, Swamy alleged in the complaint.
As a result, Young India acquired 90% shares of AJL, which owned assets worth thousands of crores, according to Swamy, who alleged that the property was thus dishonestly misappropriated by the Gandhis for personal benefit and that they conspired to cheat the exchequer and committed criminal breach of trust.
The Gandhis, represented by senior lawyers and Congress leaders Kapil Sibal and Abhishek Manu Singhvi, have denied all the allegations.
 
(With inputs from Rocky Singh)
 

12 killed as trains collide near GorakhpurComments
At least 13 passengers were killed and 45 injured when two trains collided sideways near Gorakhpur railway station in Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday night.
Later on Wednesday, railway minister Sadananda Gowda visited the spot and met the injured receiving treatment in various hospitals.
The collision took place at around 11pm near Nandnagar crossing, about seven kilometres from Gorakhpur, when  Lucknow-bound Krishak Express reportedly overshot the signal near Gorakhpur station and hit the Barauni express coming from the state capital.
The north eastern railway (NER) has ordered a probe into the accident. It will be headed by commissioner Rail Safety P K Bajpai.  
Two trains, Chauri Chaura Express and Maduadi Krishak, on the track were cancelled and the route of at least half-a -dozen trains was diverted in order to ease traffic.
Chief public relations officer of North- Eastern Railway Alok Kumar Singh said loco pilot of Krishak Express Ram Bahadur and assistant Loco pilot Satyajeet have been suspended pending enquiry.
The impact of the collision was so intense that three coaches of Barauni Express got derailed.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed grief and announced compensation for the victims.
An ex-gratia payment of Rs. 2 lakh each to the next of the kin of those killed and Rs. 50,000 each to the seriously injured will be given from the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund.
The NER has announced Rs. 50,000 to the kin of the dead, Rs. 25,000 to those who suffered serious injuries and Rs. 5000 to those who received minor injuries.
Railway helpline for inquiries are. Gorakhpur (05513303365, 09794846980), Lucknow (05222233042), Chhapra (09006693233) and Varanasi (09919041978).

Maruti Suzuki September sales up 9.8%; exports dipOct 01, 2014, 12.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Maruti Suzuki September sales up 4.6%; exports dip
Maruti Suzuki, India’s largest carmaker, notched up domestic passenger vehicle sales of 99,290 in September, data released by the firm today show, 9.8 percent higher than the 90,399 units sold in the same month last year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Maruti Suzuki September sales up 4.6%; exports dip
Maruti Suzuki, India’s largest carmaker, notched up domestic passenger vehicle sales of 99,290 in September, data released by the firm today show, 9.8 percent higher than the 90,399 units sold in the same month last year.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Maruti Suzuki , India’s largest carmaker, notched up domestic passenger vehicle sales of 99,290 in September, data released by the firm today show, 9.8 percent higher than the 90,399 units sold in the same month last year.
The company’s exports, however, fell 28.2 percent year-on-year to 10,452 units from 14,565 last September, bringing the total monthly sales tally to 1,09,742 units (up 4.6 percent overall).
The company’s sales were driven by sales in what industry body SIAM classifies as the compact segment (Swift, Ritz, Celerio, DZire), which rose 18.1 percent to 43,304 unit. The segment usually accounts for nearly half the carmaker’s sales.
Part of the higher sales in the segment can be attributed to the successful semi-automatic Celerio, which launched in January this year.
Sales for the mini car segment (Alto, Wagon R) fell 13.4 percent to 35,547 units. However, at least some of the fall can be explained by the fact that the company is no longer selling the Estilo and the 800 mini cars that it was selling in September last year.
The recently-launched Ciaz saw sales of 1,375 units (though the car has received over 3,000 bookings, the company recently said). Sales numbers provided by companies are based on dispatches to dealers rather than outright sales to end customers.
The utility vehicle segment, comprising of the Ertiga and Gypsy, grew a whopping 125 percent to 5,980.
Vans (Eeco and Omni) too notched up sales of 11,863 units, 35.3 percent higher than last year.
Over the first half of this financial year (April-September), Maruti Suzuki has domestically sold a total of 5,58,330 units, 14.7 percent higher than in the same period last year.
This is in line with other signs of a rebound in auto sales, consistent with expectations of a general pick-up in economic activity.
Maruti is trying to expand its footprint in the Indian auto market by venturing into areas it has not succeeded or entered previously.
The Ciaz, which is off to a decent start, is the company's latest attempt to crack the midsize sedan market, which it has failed to in its previous attempts with the Baleno and the SX4.
Likewise, chairman RC Bhargava has said the company is working on launching a compact SUV, which would compete with the likes of the Ford EcoSport and the Renault Duster. Its previous SUV, the Grand Vitara, never sold in a big way, thanks in part to the fact that it was imported as a built-unit, which ratcheted up its price in a big way.
Maruti is also looking to enter the light commercial vehicle segment in mid 2015, Bhargava told CNBC-TV18 in a recent interview .
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On November 24, 2014, at  10:31 hrs Maruti Suzuki India was quoting at Rs 3342.70, down Rs 6.1, or 0.18 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 3397.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 1541.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 102.82 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 32.51. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.81.
RELATED NEWS

Pick quality midcap  smallcaps; shun public banks: TCW Grp08:00 am
Rohit Sah, fund manager - International Equities, TCW Group is confident on Indian economy after the Narendra Modi-led government came into power on May 16.
According to him, India has all positives to grow at 12 percent in dollar terms but desperately needs economic reforms to boost growth.
In CNBC-TV18’s special series ‘The New Yorkers' Sah says the midcaps and smallcaps in India are driven by domestic economy and it is wise to focus on quality stocks in both these packs. The tailwinds, right now, are supporting the domestic economy and there is no need to worry about the valuations, adds Sah.
“Quality of management, financial returns is more important than valuations”, he feels.
Among specific sectors, Sah is overweight on financials and holds nearly 29 percent in the same with  REC being the top holding company. He believes high growth is possible with right reforms and capital markets and financials are likely to benefit from this growth.
He, however, is bearish on PSU banks and recommends staying away with a longer-term perspective.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: You have pointed out to India as one of the likely candidates as an Anglo-Saxon economy. Why are you confident that India of all countries will be an Anglo-Saxon economy?
A: An Anglo-Saxon economy is characterised by low government spending. It generally has an open current account, secured property rights and a stock market and capital markets which are geared towards growth.
If you look at successful economies in the past 100 years, like the US, UK, Australia, Canada and Hong Kong, if you tick the boxes, India today is not an Anglo-Saxon economy. In 1947 it was but today we have a long way to go before we get to being an Anglo-Saxon economy.
However, this election of 2014 has provided a political mandate to move away from the Fabian socialism that has been practiced for the last 60 plus years in India. So, I am hopeful.
The political mandate is there. You have a prime minister who has demonstrated his ability to execute such an economy in the state of Gujarat and so we can only hope for the best after that.
Q: The market is rearing to hear, you are the king of small and midcap stocks for your fund. Year-to-date while the Nifty has delivered about 25 percent in terms of gains, mid and smallcaps have delivered between 45 and 65 percent in terms of gains. Are we in bubble terrain here?
A: A very experienced fund manager, colleague of mine told me that he was short Cisco back in 1980s but the market correctly looked forward and said this is a fantastic story, this is going to be a 10-year story and Cisco peaked out at USD 0.5 trillion marketcap.
Same goes for the Indian smallcap market. The Indian smallcap and midcap market unlike the largecap market is primarily geared towards the domestic economy and the domestic economy is coming off a very low base, you have tremendous tailwinds right now in favour of it, you have a government which has shown willingness to reform in the past.
Valuation is not an issue. If you want to buy the Indian smallcaps, you don’t have to focus on valuation but on the quality of the management, the quality of the business and the financial returns that you are getting from these businesses and after that the market will take care of itself.
Q: Your biggest overweight sector is financials – 29 percent and Rural Electrification Corporation (REC), a finance company is a top holding. What about public sector undertaking (PSU) banks. You do not like them?
A: In the last 12 years the growth of India’s GDP in US dollar terms has been 12 percent – that is despite the fact that you had a Sonia Gandhi led government which didn’t know what they were doing or maybe they knew what they were doing but it wasn’t the right thing to do. Now if you look forward, I do not see any reason why India cannot grow at 12 percent for the next 12 years with the right reforms.
If you grow at 12 percent, you double your economy in six years. In 12 years you quadruple. So you go from a USD 2 trillion economy today to USD 8 trillion economy in 12 years time. As we know that is one of the biggest accumulations of GDP in human history in that shorter time if that does happen.
The biggest beneficiary of this sort of GDP expansion has to be capital markets and financial deepening. So, by default the financial sector has to be a big winner in the India that we hope to have in the next 12 years. Regarding public sector banks, I am not optimistic.
If I was the government, what I would do is two things (1) I would merge these banks as fast as I can so the PSU banks which are in the north, in the south and sort of cut them down and size and importance that way and (2) by default asset stripping, for example many of these PSU companies own a lot of property. I would take these property holdings that the banks have and all the PSU companies have, put them into a Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) and sell that REIT and you get some value out of these holdings that you have but in the long run these PSU banks are not the place to be.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Hexaware 200 Call  sell 220 Call: VK Sharma08:00 am
VK Sharma of HDFC Securities told CNBC-TV18, " Hexaware Technologies  is a positional trade. It is a long term investment call. My belief is that those investors who are otherwise looking for private equity (PE) investments are getting a PE investment without the shackles of a three year lock-in. You can get out any moment of time because when you get into PE you feel shackled and you feel I need to get out. So here is a good investment bet. When we recommended last at Rs 190 odd it was 4.5 percent dividend yield, now the dividend yield will be slightly lower."
"It is a good bet for long term also. However for the moment people who are traders in future and options (F&O) segment, I have a bull spread, buy the 200 Call at around Rs 12 and sell the 220 Call at around Rs 6, you have Rs 6 cost and the net profit would come to around
Rs 14," he added.

Festive season pushed Maruti s Sept salesHi Guest
Nissan, Honda, Maruti record bumper sales ahead of Diwali
Japanese car maker Nissan Motor has registered a 64.02 per cent jump in its sales in September, 2014, selling 4,145 units from 2,527 units sold during the same month of last year.   Image: Nissan Sunny. Photographs: Courtesy, Indian Autos Blog  For the half year period ending September 30, 2014, the Nissan had sold 25,741 units up by 105.7 per cent, from 12,515 units sold during the same period of previous year, a company statement said. Nissan Motor currently has a manufacturing facility at ...

Jet Airways  SpiceJet flies over 4% on steep ATF price cutJet Airways  SpiceJet flies over 4% on steep ATF price cut
Petrol price cut by Rs 65 paise/litre  diesel price unchangedPetrol price cut by Rs 65 paise/litre  diesel price unchanged
Indian shares seen lower; foreign investors resume salesIndian shares seen lower; foreign investors resume sales
Maharashtra polls: Relatives to slug it out in assembly electionsMaharashtra polls: Relatives to slug it out in assembly elections
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 11:05 AM IST
Maharashtra will witness many politicians battling it out against their relatives who are contesting as candidates of rival parties to enter the Assembly.
Ashish Deshmukh, nephew of NCP leader and Food and Civil Supplies minister Anil Deshmukh, is pitted against his uncle in Katol, which Anil has been representing since 1995.
Ashish, who is a BJP candidate, is the son of former State Congress Chief Ranjit Deshmukh while his elder brother Amol is the NCP candidate from Ramtek for the October 15 polls
Ashish said he was always with the BJP and contested the 2009 assembly polls from Saoner.
"I lost narrowly. I am a supporter of smaller states which the BJP advocates. NCP has done injustice to Vidarbha and I want to ensure that NCP does not get a single seat in the region," he told PTI, asserting that political ideologies do not come in way of family relations.
His brother Amol was interested in getting a ticket from the Congress. But the party fielded Shiv Sena leader turned Congressman Subodh Mohite. Instead of contesting as an independent, Amol went into the NCP fold.
Politics drove a wedge in the family of late BJP leader Gopinath Munde when he chose his eldest daughter Pankaja to replace him in Parli assembly constituency in 2009 over his nephew Dhananjay.
Dhananjay, who was made an MLC, quit the BJP to join NCP. This assembly poll, the two cousins are pitted against each other.
Pankaja, who has been brought to the centrestage of BJP state unit after her father's sudden demise, is seeking re-election from Parli while estranged cousin Dhananjay is the candidate from the Sharad Pawar-led party.
Congressman Sanjay Devtale jumped on to the BJP bandwagon after his party fielded his sister-in-law Asawari Devtale from Warora instead of him. Now, Devtale is pitted against Asawari who is making her electoral debut.
Asawari, a gynaecologist by profession, told PTI that she felt sad that politics has created tension in her family.
"My mother-in-law and Sanjay Devtale's mother are sisters. Sanjaybhau is the first cousin of my husband Vijay. We are a close joint family," she added.
The break-up of alliances in Maharashtra, especially, has led members of many 'political families' to contest from rival parties, according to observers.
Among those who lead the pack is the family of former NCP leader and minister Vijay Kumar Gavit, who is contesting on a BJP ticket from his constituency of Nandurbar.
His younger brother Sharad Gavit, who had defeated veteran congressman Surupsing Naik in 2009 from Navapur on Samwajwadi party ticket is now in NCP taking on Naik again from the same constituency. Another brother Rajendra Gavit is the NCP nominee from Shahada.
Similarly, even though Surupsing Naik is the Congress candidate from Navapur, his relative Nagesh Padvi is the BJP nominee from Akkalkuwa.

First World War CentenaryPeter Macdiarmid/Getty Canon Michael Hampel holds a chalice above an embroidered altar frontal at St Paul’s Cathedral on...
July 30, 2014
As a bugler breaks the silence at Sydney’s Anzac memorial with the daily rendition of “The Last Post”, visitors bow their...
July 28, 2014
Standing on a hill in rolling countryside on the edge of champagne country, a 30m tall monument testifies to one of the...
July 27, 2014
When an oil lamp is extinguished at the Grave of the Unknown Warrior at 11pm on August 4, the occasion will be conducted...
July 25, 2014
The Burning of the World: A Memoir of 1914, by Béla Zombory Moldován, translated by Peter Zombory Moldován, New York Review...
July 4, 2014
July Crisis: The World’s Descent into War, Summer 1914, by TG Otte, Cambridge University Press, RRP£25/$29.99, 555 pages The...
June 17, 2014
The prospect of Britain losing out to Germany in a row over Brussels jobs at an EU summit in Ypres, the first world war...
March 25, 2014
India is full of surprises, and I have rarely been more surprised than to be invited, in the midst of a very 21st-century...
March 9, 2014
The parallels between current events in Ukraine and those that led up to the outbreak of the first world war 100 years ago...
March 7, 2014
In this centenary year of what contemporaries called the Great War and we now call the first world war – because it became...
February 7, 2014
It will be difficult to escape the war of 1914-1918 across all artistic platforms in London in this anniversary year. While...
January 24, 2014
The Long Shadow: The Great War and the Twentieth Century, by David Reynolds, Simon & Schuster, RRP£25, 544 pages First World...
January 17, 2014
A few weeks into the marathon commemorations of the start of the Great War – here in the UK they are planned to continue for...
January 17, 2014
The first world war, a conflict long overshadowed in Germany by the crimes of the Third Reich, is being reassessed by a...
January 14, 2014
In 2014, Europeans commemorate the 100th anniversary of the start of the first world war. This calamity launched three...
January 6, 2014
Can thinking about the past improve the way you handle the present? If so, this year’s centenary of the outbreak of the...
January 1, 2014
In January 1914 few Europeans imagined that, seven months later, their political and military leaders would plunge the world...
December 23, 2013
On Christmas day 1914, German and Allied troops on the western front came out of their trenches and made their own,...
November 7, 2013
The first world war may be most closely associated with the trench warfare in Flanders’ fields, the flat, easily traversed...
October 4, 2013
The War That Ended Peace: How Europe Abandoned Peace for the First World War, by Margaret MacMillan, Profile Books, RRP£25,...
Search for First world war centenary and
Search

Goldman Sachs Prohibits Bankers From Buying StocksGoldman Sachs Said to Prohibit Bankers From Buying Stocks
By Michael J. Moore 2014-09-27T04:00:03Z
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. headquarters in New York, on Jan. 13, 2014 Close
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. headquarters in New York, on Jan. 13, 2014
Close
Photographer: Ron Antonelli/Bloomberg
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. headquarters in New York, on Jan. 13, 2014
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS) , the top adviser on corporate takeovers, is changing a policy addressing conflicts of interest to bar investment bankers from trading individual stocks and bonds, a person with direct knowledge of the matter said.
Employees at the New York-based firm were notified yesterday of the change, which takes effect immediately, said the person, who requested anonymity because the matter isn’t public. They also aren’t allowed to invest in activist or event-driven hedge funds , the person said. Previously, bankers needed approval before they could invest in individual stocks.
The change came on the same day that a former Federal Reserve Bank of New York examiner’s recordings of her ex-colleagues’ dealings with Goldman Sachs were featured in reports by public radio and ProPublica . The former examiner, Carmen Segarra, sued the New York Fed last year, alleging that she was fired in 2012 because she refused to change her finding that Goldman Sachs didn’t have a conflict-of-interest policy. Her case was dismissed in April and she’s appealing.
The radio program “This American Life” released a transcript of a broadcast that includes excerpts of conversations it said were secretly recorded by Segarra. In the transcript, Segarra described how she felt that her Fed colleagues handled Goldman Sachs with kid gloves.
“What I was sort of seeing and experiencing was this level of deference to the banks, this level of fear,” she said.
The New York Fed said it “categorically rejects” Segarra’s allegations.
Financial Safety
“The New York Fed works diligently to execute its supervisory authority in a manner that is most effective in promoting the safety and soundness of the financial institutions it is charged with supervising,” it said in a statement posted on its website.
U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren , a Massachusetts Democrat, called for a congressional investigation into allegations that the New York Fed was too deferential to the institutions it regulated. Senator Sherrod Brown , an Ohio Democrat who’s also on the banking committee, backed Warren’s call for a probe.
In 2012, a Delaware judge rebuked Goldman Sachs over its “incomplete and inadequate” handling of a conflict of interest in pipeline operator Kinder Morgan Inc.’s $21.1 billion purchase of El Paso Corp., the investment bank’s biggest takeover assignment the previous year. Stephen D. Daniel, a former Goldman Sachs partner who was lead banker on the deal, failed to disclose ownership of about $340,000 in Kinder Morgan stock, the judge said.
Protecting Reputation
Yesterday’s change had been discussed for months and tightens a policy that was adjusted after the Kinder Morgan deal, the person said. The move is intended to reduce potential conflicts with clients and protect the firm’s reputation, the person said.
The new restrictions at Goldman Sachs also will apply to some employees outside of investment banking , including those who could have access to confidential information as part of their roles, the person said.
Spokesmen for Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc. and Morgan Stanley declined to comment on the policies at their companies. A spokesman for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) , the biggest U.S. bank by assets, didn’t respond to phone and e-mail messages sent after regular business hours.
The case is In re El Paso Corp. Shareholder Litigation, Consolidated 6949-CS, Delaware Chancery Court (Wilmington).
To contact the reporter on this story: Michael J. Moore in New York at mmoore55@bloomberg.net
To contact the editors responsible for this story: Peter Eichenbaum at peichenbaum@bloomberg.net Steven Crabill, Dan Reichl
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.

Turkey s Recep Tayyip Erdogan dismisses new iPhone:  Same as the lastE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jayalalithaa becomes  Jail Lalitha   reacts actor Shakti Kapoor to Tamil Nadu CM s incarcerationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian Navy has transformed from buyer to builder: Naval chiefE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hedge Funds Are Richer Than Everreddit
Things are looking pretty good for the superrich.
The largest Americas-based hedge funds are controlling more money than ever before, according to a new analysis by Absolute Return , a hedge fund news site.
Absolute Return tallied firms in North and South America that control more than $1 billion. It found that at the beginning of the year, 293 firms made the $1 billion cutoff, controlling roughly $1.71 trillion total. As of July 1, there were 305 hedge funds that made the cut, with a total of $1.84 trillion.
In all, the global hedge fund industry is managing a record amount of money, Absolute Return noted.
According to the Wall Street Journal , that record total was around $2.8 trillion as of July 2014. Hedge funds controlled significantly less money in 2007  -- before the financial crisis -- with assets worth about $1.87 trillion, the WSJ reported.
Absolute Return found that two of every three hedge funds controlling more than $1 billion increased in size this year. And when it comes to the largest funds, Bridgewater Associates still tops the charts: It manages some $93.7 billion.
The surge in hedge fund assets underscores the highly uneven economic recovery that followed the financial crisis. A resurgent stock market has allowed wealthy Americans to recover their losses, while the wages of most Americans have stagnated.

India capable of leading in 21st century  says PM ModiSep 29, 2014, 08.19 AM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
India capable of leading in 21st century, says PM Modi
"The 21st century will be that of India. By 2020, only India will be in a position to provide work force to the world," he said while citing examples of growing global demand for nurses and teachers to the houseful crowd.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India capable of leading in 21st century, says PM Modi
"The 21st century will be that of India. By 2020, only India will be in a position to provide work force to the world," he said while citing examples of growing global demand for nurses and teachers to the houseful crowd.
Post your opinion here
 
Beaming with hope and confidence, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday assured the nearly 20,000 strong Non Resident Indians and Persons of Indian Origin community at New York's Madison Square Ground that the 21st century belongs to India.
Amidst massive sloganeering in his favour by an ecstatic crowd, Modi said that India is growing at a rapid pace and it has the capability to lead the world.
"The 21st century will be that of India. By 2020, only India will be in a position to provide work force to the world," he said while citing examples of growing global demand for nurses and teachers to the houseful crowd.
Appreciating the efforts put in by the NRIs, youth of the country and technology, he said that it is only through the combined efforts of all that India has been able to come out of the image of the "land of snake charmers".
India capable of leading in 21st century, says PM Modi, asks NRIs to engage in 'Make in India' project
He also invited the NRIs to take an active part in his ambitious "Make In India Project". "People can connect with the 'Make in India' project through a simple tap on their phones and laptops. You can also connect with us on our website mygov.in to connect with the government," Modi said.
Assuring a bright future, the PM listed out the advantages that India has over the others. "Democracy, demographic dividend in which 65 per cent of its population is under 35 years, and the demand for India because it is a huge market," according to him were the three biggest strengths that India possesses.
Modi also accepted that his majestic win in the Lok Sabha elections had come with a big responsibility for him and promised that he will do his best to fulfil the aspiration of the people. "My government will be 100 per cent successful in fulfilling the aspirations of the people. We will not do anything which will let you down," he said adding that ever since he took charge as the Prime Minister, he has not taken even a 15-minute vacation.
Amidst repeated chanted of 'Modi-Modi' from the crowd, he spoke on the development that India must undertake. "My effort is to make development a mass movement like the Indian freedom struggle. I am confident is we will succeed in this. There is no cause for disappointment," the PM asserted.
With an eye to connect with the NRIs, Modi, who arrived at the packed Madison Square Garden to a rousing welcome, announced the merger of PIO and Overseas Citizens of India schemes to facilitate hassle-free travel to the Indian diaspora. He announced that PIO card holders staying in India on long-term basis will no longer have to report to the local police station.
He also took a jibe at the his predecessors saying that "earlier governments only talked about making new laws, I have removed all laws that were outdated and redundant. There was a web of policies in which people get caught," Modi said.
In an unprecedented welcome for an Indian Prime Minister, over 3 dozen Congressmen and Senators encircled the stage and waited as PM Modi came up on the stage. Attired in a saffron Nehru jacket and yellow kurta, the PM held the packed indoor stadium spellbound as nearly 20,000 people cheered for him.
RELATED NEWS

More than half of US unlikely to do biz in India: StudySep 29, 2014, 12.50 PM IST  | Source: PTI
More than half of US unlikely to do biz in India: Study
The study was conducted by APCO, a global communication, stakeholder engagement and business strategy firm, in close association with the Alliance for US India Business (AUSIB).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
More than half of US unlikely to do biz in India: Study
The study was conducted by APCO, a global communication, stakeholder engagement and business strategy firm, in close association with the Alliance for US India Business (AUSIB).
Post your opinion here
 
More than half of executives in the US are less likely to do business in India because of
infrastructure issues, according to a new study.
The study was conducted by APCO, a global communication, stakeholder engagement and business strategy firm, in close association with the Alliance for US India Business (AUSIB).
Also read: Once-banned Modi woos diaspora at giant New York rally
The study found that IT highlights the fact that leaders in both nations wish to evolve from diplomatic stand-still and breed friendly ties with each other motivated by the economic benefits and political stability.
Noting that business executives in both countries see huge opportunities as far as economic growth is concerned, the survey said most US executives see India as top destination for investment and 70 percent US traders acknowledge that the economic relations are headed in right direction.
Ninety five percent of Indian executives want India to focus on infrastructure.
"52 per cent investors from the US don't invest in India only because of poor infrastructure facilities. Both nations rank first as Investment destination," the report said.
The study pointed relationship health checker against the negative pointers that can hamper the evolution of trade. "Major concerns are Visa restrictions, Chinese grip on market and Outsourcing challenges. Executives are willing to settle in the other country if stability is provided in the long-run based on ethical backing and lower tariffs and taxation," the report added.
RELATED NEWS

Modi to rebuild India story in US: HCC s GulabchandSep 29, 2014, 10.32 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Modi to rebuild India story in US: HCC's Gulabchand
Watch the interview of Ajit Gulabchand, CMD of HCC on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his outlook on the India story.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi to rebuild India story in US: HCC's Gulabchand
Watch the interview of Ajit Gulabchand, CMD of HCC on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his outlook on the India story.
Post your opinion here

BlackBerry launches new smartphone Passport at Rs 49 990BlackBerry launches new smartphone Passport at Rs 49,990
S Ronendra Singh
The Hindu Sunil Lalvani, Managing Director, Blackberyy India during the launch of Blackberry Passport Phone in New Delhi on Monday, September 29, 2014. Photo: R.V Moorthy
New Delhi, Sept 29:  
BlackBerry India on Monday launched its new smartphone — Passport — priced at Rs 49,990.
The Passport is available for pre-booking at Amazon.in and all BlackBerry exclusive stores from Monday till October 10.
Customers pre-booking their Passport on Amazon would receive a gift voucher worth Rs 5,000, which can be redeemed for future purchase on Amazon.in, the company said.
Featuring a large square touch screen (4.5-inch) and new Qwerty touch-enabled keyboard, the BB Passport is a device purpose-built for productivity driven business professionals who want a smartphone that empowers them with the mobile tools they need to get the things done, it said.
The new handset comes uploaded with new BB 10.3 operating system, including new features such as BB Assistant Blend, and Amazon Appstore.
It also has the best-in-class battery with 3450mAh battery that would provide up to 30 hours of mixed use, the company said.
It has a rear camera of 13MP and 2MP front camera.
"With its unique design and innovative features, the BlackBerry Passport is a testament to our continued focus on innovation and productivity, specifically to strengthen our enterprise segment offerings," Sunil Lalvani, Managing Director, BlackBerry India, said here at the launch.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

NASA Mars Curiosity rover s primary mission beginsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Krugman Slams America s  Foundation Of Ignorancekrugman slams america s  foundation of ignorance
Germany To Consider Ban On Late-Night EmailsGermany To Consider Ban On Late-Night Work Emails
Posted:
Updated:
09/29/2014 10:59 am EDT
Germans want to spend less time answering emails and more time doing this.  | altrendo images via Getty Images
reddit
A decade ago, Antje Schmid would have left her office in Germany's financial hub of Frankfurt, gone out to drink a frothy pilsner or two with friends, and would have put her job out of mind until the next morning.
That was before smartphones. Today, the 25-year-old continues to get emails and calls from colleagues and bosses at the advertising agency long after she's clocked out.
"The interruptions increased," Schmid told The Huffington Post in an interview. "You are reachable always and everywhere."
But that might not last forever. Last month, German Labor Minister Andrea Nahles commissioned a study to assess the psychological and economic effects of work-related stress. The findings, slated to be released in 2016, are expected to generate legislation that would ban employers from contacting workers after office hours. Such a law, currently being pushed by the powerful multi-service trade union Vereinte Dienstleistungsgewerkschaft, or ver.di, now seems more likely to reach fruition since it gained Nahles' support .
"There is an undeniable relationship between constant availability and the increase of mental illness," Nahles told the Rheinische Post . "We have commissioned the Federal Institute for Occupational Safety and Health to work out whether it is possible to set load thresholds. We need universal and legally binding criteria."
Dominik Ehrentraut, a spokesman for the Labor Ministry, told HuffPost a law won't be formally proposed until the findings are released in 2016.
If passed, such a law could serve as a model for preserving workers' privacy and curbing the culture of being constantly on-call for work. Though some workers in France earlier this year adopted a so-called ban on emails after 6 p.m., the labor agreement was not cemented into law.
Some large companies, such as Daimler and Volkswagen, have already adopted rules to limit work-related stress. Last month, Daimler allowed about 100,000 workers to delete emails they received while on vacation. In 2011, Volkswagen agreed to stop its BlackBerry servers from sending emails after working hours.
But for many, work still seeps into the home life. Germany is often lampooned as the punctual , industrious workhorse of Europe. But when the country ratified its constitution in 1990, it preserved for its citizens the right to develop one's personality . And it's difficult to work on your character and hobbies when your professional life looms constantly in the background.
"That sort of self-development needs time," Thomas C. Kohler, a German legal expert and law professor at Boston College, told HuffPost, "and the idea that anybody could interrupt you on your own time to have you do work without a good excuse would be contrary to those sorts of attitudes."
Americans may often conflate staying late at the office with having a strong work ethic, but Germans see it as a sign of poor time management, Kohler said.
"With Germans, while they're at work, they only work -- you'll rarely hear a radio in the background," Kohler said. "They consider it a sign of inefficiency if you cannot complete a day's work in that day. So if you're staying late at the office, it would often be regarded as a sign of your inability to get the work done."
He said he expects the government in Berlin to pass legislation to curb off-hour emails and calls, but that drafting such a law to have a meaningful impact across a wide range of industries could be complicated. And then there are the challenges of enforcing it.
For Schmid, most of the after-hours emails she receives are from colleagues with whom she is working on group projects. She said legislation to free workers from the obligation to be always on-call would help rid her of the guilt she feels for not responding. But she doubts that a blanket rule could work.
"Maybe the government could help companies to make up unique rules for their firms, or put pressure on managers," she said.
If a law doesn't get enacted, Germany's famously powerful labor unions could push more companies to adopt standards as to when employees have to be available, said Stephen Silvia, an American University professor and expert in German industrial relations.
"There is a long tradition of the German labor movement carving out free time and pushing for working time reduction," he said.
He pointed out a famous poster from the 1950s, on which a grinning 5-year-old boy holds his hand up in the air, declaring: " On Saturdays, daddy belongs to me. "
But as technology makes more Germans reachable around the clock, every hour is increasingly up for grabs.
More:

What The Big Banks Really Don t Want You To Find OutBig Banks Don't Want You To Find Out What People Really Think Of Them
Posted:
reddit
The nation's largest banks and debt collectors are worried that if you learn what people are saying about them, you might like them less. And that wouldn't be fair, they say.
The financial sector is fighting a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau proposal that would have the agency publish complaints submitted by people who feel they have been mistreated by a lender, debt collector or other financial institution. As it now stands, the agency publishes some small amount of information about the more than 290,000 complaints it has received from aggrieved consumers, but has refused to release the full narratives -- essentially, the details.
Under the new policy, consumer names would be redacted and banks and other financial institutions would have a chance to publicly respond to or refute any allegations. People who file a complaint would have to opt in to having their narrative published on the CFPB's website.
"This is what consumers want," said Susan Grant, the director of consumer protection at the Consumer Federation of America, a nonprofit. "It gives them better ability to make decisions about what financial institution to choose."
Yet the banks and other financial groups opposing disclosure argue that the CFPB approach would unleash a dangerous flood of misinformation that might promote the faulty sense that somehow they are not good corporate citizens. Consumers would also be confused by all the un-vetted information, they assert.
The Financial Services Roundtable, a trade group that represents the banking industry, has gone so far as to set up an entire website to fight the CFPB's proposal, called "CFPB rumors."
Making complaints public "will expose providers of consumer financial services to reputational and financial risk through which there is no effective method of mitigation," the group says in an open letter published on the website. Narratives are "unlikely to help other consumers make better or more informed financial choices," the trade group asserts. Instead, the release will simply serve to "confuse" consumers, who are better off just talking to their financial institution.
"Our members are in constant communication with customers through multiple channels," the Financial Services Roundtable's letter says.
On these points, a vast number of actual customers would assuredly disagree. The financial industry has engaged in abusive behavior since pretty much forever -- refusing to lend in minority communities (a practice known as redlining), issuing high-cost and illegal payday loans and wrecking the entire economy by issuing mountains of mortgage debt to people they knew couldn't afford it. The nation's largest banks have in recent years agreed to more than $100 billion worth of legal settlements and fines in order to resolve allegations such as failing to communicate with borrowers whose homes were in imminent danger of foreclosure.
"Financial institutions have proven they cannot be trusted, nor shamed into admitting their mistakes," wrote Mike Trieschman, one of a handful of people not associated with a financial institution or a consumer group to write to the CFPB about its proposed rule. (The comment period has ended.)
Trieschman said in his letter that he had a bad experience with Bank of America on two occasions: once when his mortgage insurance was inexplicably cancelled, and again when he discovered a $700 fee added to his final loan payout.
If the financial services industry has its way, the CFPB would continue to withhold details like those shared by Trieschman from public scrutiny. According to the CFPB database, consumers have filed more than 28,000 mortgage-related complaints concerning Bank of America.
Bank of America did not directly comment on the CFPB proposal and did not respond to a request for comment. According to Bloomberg News, Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase -- three of the biggest banks in the U.S. -- complained to the Financial Services Roundtable about the lobbying campaign to convince the CFPB to drop the proposed rule because they were worried about antagonizing a key regulator. The Bloomberg story says that Tim Pawlenty, the former Minnesota governor and head of the bank trade group, agreed to stop the campaign. But the "CFPB rumors" website was still active as of Tuesday morning, and there is no indication that the organization has withdrawn any of its letters in opposition to the rule. (The Financial Services Roundtable did not respond to inquiries made about the lobbying effort by The Huffington Post.)
Disclosure is also opposed by the debt collection industry. In one letter to the CFPB, Sheryl Wright, a senior vice president at Encore Capital Group, wrote that the publication of complaint narratives would  "foster misinformation" and "false perspectives" about her company.
Knowledge of what others are saying would be "information overload for consumers," she said.
Encore is the most complained-about debt collection company in the U.S., according to the CFPB's database. In 2012, the West Virginia's attorney general sued Encore for allegedly "robo-signing" affidavits in order to collect on default judgements.
One of the company's divisions, Midland Funding, has flooded the courts with tens of thousands of lawsuits backed by flimsy documentation, the Washington Post recently reported .
Some individual banks, including Wells Fargo, have also submitted letters in opposition to the proposed new rule.
As it currently stands, the CFPB limits consumer complaint data to a handful of bare facts, including the zip code of the filer, an outline of the complaint (such as "frequent or repeated calls") and whether the target company has responded. This policy, which the banking industry hopes to preserve, contrasts with that of other federal agencies, such as the Federal Trade Commission, which will make name-redacted narratives available upon request. Consumer complaints can also be found online in dozens of places -- at websites like ripoffreport.com and on social media.
The CFPB is expected to decide on whether to publish consumer complaint narratives sometime in the coming months.
"Banks and the financial industry are a powerful force in an individual's life, but consumers do not have voice," said Elizabeth Lynch, a senior attorney at MFY Legal, a nonprofit that has written the CFPB in support of the proposal. "Disclosure would help shine a light on behavior that shouldn't be happening, especially in communities that have been repeatedly victimized by predatory behavior."
More:

Pro-Narendra Modi supporters beat up TV anchor Rajdeep Sardesai at Madison Square Garden eventNarendra Modi fans beat up TV anchor Rajdeep Sardesai at Madison Square Garden event
PTI | New York | Updated:  Oct 01 2014, 08:48  IST
Oct 01 2014, 08:48  IST
 

Thousands take to Hong Kongs streetsLast updated: September 29, 2014 3:31 pm
Thousands take to Hong Kong’s streets
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f97c9c2e-46ce-11e4-ba74-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shasun makes giant stride with Arcolab to Indias top 15E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

With 100 launches  the great festive real estate show is onE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

So  Just Where Did The  $  Sign Come From Anywayreddit
It's a sign we're all extremely familiar with, but do you know where the "$" sign actually comes from?
That's the question being tackled this week in a fascinating new Mental Floss video , hosted by YouTube personality Craig Benzine.
According to Benzine, we don't actually know definitively where the sign comes from (go figure!), but there are a few popular theories.
One theory was apparently posited by American mathematician Florian Cajori in his 1928 book, History of Mathematical Notations. According to Cajori, the "$" sign had probably first started as an abbreviation for the Spanish Peso, and not the American dollar.
"Spanish Americans began abbreviating 'peso' in various ways in the 16th century," Benzine explains. "One popular abbreviation, 'P.S.,' evolved into the letters 'P' and 'S' getting kind of squished together into a new symbol."
Look familiar?
There are several more theories, including Benzine's, which we won't spoil for you here. You have to watch. But what we do know for certain, he says, is that by the late 1700s the "$" symbol had started gaining in popularity, and became a standard way of denoting American dollars by the following century.
And the rest, as they say, is history.
For more on the origins of the "$," watch the Mental Floss video above.
More:

Modi promises US CEOs a return to market reformsSep 30, 2014, 09.17 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Modi promises US CEOs a return to market reforms
In a letter to Obama, the US business groups urged the president to press Modi to remove barriers to trade when the two leaders meet on Monday and Tuesday
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi promises US CEOs a return to market reforms
In a letter to Obama, the US business groups urged the president to press Modi to remove barriers to trade when the two leaders meet on Monday and Tuesday
Post your opinion here
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi told nearly a dozen US company chiefs on Monday that he is committed to liberalizing his country's economy, which has underperformed other emerging markets recently after years of breakneck growth.
Modi spoke at a breakfast with 11 chief executive officers during his first U.S. visit since coming came to power in May, vowing to get India's economy back on track.
The prime minister was headed to Washington for a private working dinner with President Barack Obama on the fourth day of the visit. Modi, however, is fasting.
Among those attending the breakfast at the New York Palace Hotel were the CEOs of Caterpillar Inc and Boeing Co.
"He wasn’t at all like the politicians we’re used to here," said Caterpillar Chairman and CEO Doug Oberhelman, who shared his impressions of the breakfast meeting with Reuters.
"He acknowledged that the last five years have been very difficult for the Indian population, the Indian economy and the world in general, and he vowed and promised to change that. I believed him. He was very serious. ... I was genuinely quite impressed.”
However, some US business groups have questioned Modi's reformist credentials.
Last week, the US Chamber of Commerce and 15 other business associations representing various sectors gave a more cautious assessment of the prime minister's record so far.
Modi also alarmed some foes of government tinkering with business last week when he said in India that multinational soft-drink giants PepsiCo Inc and Coca-Cola Co should help increase sales by Indian farmers by adding fresh fruit juices to their fizzy drinks.
In a letter to Obama, the US business groups urged the president to press Modi to remove barriers to trade when the two leaders meet on Monday and Tuesday
The letter highlighted India's blockage of a key World Trade Organization agreement reached last year, which overshadowed a July 30-Aug. 1 visit to India by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry. The business alliance also complained about India's raised tariffs and "burdensome" new testing requirements on imported information and communication technology products.
Last week, U.S. congressional leaders on trade and finance wrote to the U.S. International Trade Commission calling for a second investigation into India’s "unfair" trade practices, detailing any changes under Modi.
In a speech at the Council on Foreign Relations think tank on Monday before heading to Washington, Modi reiterated India's WTO stance, saying that while India supported the trade pact, its demands for food stockpiles were not incompatible with it.
He stressed his campaign to encourage manufacturing in India and the country's desire for U.S. research and technology, something U.S. firms have been reluctant to share without stronger Indian intellectual property protections
India, which once seemed to vie with China for the title of fastest-growing developing economy, has stumbled in recent years as a spate of scandals undermined business confidence in the government's commitment to economic reform.
Still, Modi had won the confidence of at least one other high-profile U.S. CEO even before the U.S. visit.
Cisco Systems Inc Chief Executive John Chambers last week praised him as a leader who had "captured the imagination" of Indian business, adding that he would make the needed "tough decisions" to revive the company's economy.
One of Modi's priorities on this trip is to gather more such endorsements and - judging from Oberhelman's reaction - he won some more converts at Monday's CEO breakfast.
"I deeply believe that he’s committed to changing India," Oberhelman said.
"There’s no question that part of his mission is to enhance and increase the investment climate in India, both for domestic companies and for direct investment."
Caterpillar is the world’s largest maker of earthmoving construction and mining equipment. The Peoria, Illinois-based company operates several plants and research and development centers in India and - together with its two independent dealers - employs more than 10,000 people there.
Monday's events follow three momentous days for India's new leader.
On Friday, Modi addressed the United Nations General Assembly, taking a jab at Pakistan over the disputed region of Kashmir.
The following day, he appeared before some 60,000 people at a musical event in New York's Central Park aimed at ending global poverty and bringing essentials such as sanitation to all.
And on Sunday, the prime minister received a rapturous welcome from Indian-Americans in an appearance in New York's Madison Square Garden arena.
It was all a far cry from 2005, when the former chief minister of Gujarat was denied a U.S. visa over rioting in his home state that killed more than 1,000 people, mainly Muslims, three years before. Modi, who denies wrongdoing, has been exonerated by an Indian Supreme Court probe.
However, the issue has not been forgotten and Modi's U.S. trip had an awkward start on Friday after a little-known human rights group sued him in New York, alleging he failed to stop the riots.
RELATED NEWS

Targeting Manoos  Raj Thackeray makes Shiv Sena jitteryAnant Geete
(Thackeray's speech on Sunday…)
MUMBAI: Most of Raj Thackeray's speech on Sunday night in Mumbai was spent in lambasting BJP, calling it among other things, 'shameless' and also a 'termite.' However, the Shiv Sena may end up paying the price for Raj's outburst.
Thackeray's speech on Sunday has given the Shiv Sena jitters because while the MNS chief had targetted BJP, some of the remarks he made against the Shiv Sena was not charitable.
Raj spoke of how BJP had 'planned' its break up with Shiv Sena. However he then added that Uddhav should have seen it coming. Importantly he questioned why the Shiv Sena after being 'insulted' in such a manner by BJP was still having its heavy industries minister Anant Geete in the Union government.
"Raj's remarks were meant for the Marathi speaking people, his remarks were meant to show that we did not have any pride left and hence in spite of the humiliating treatment from BJP, we were sticking with them by not asking Geete to resign as a minister from the Modi Cabinet. His speech was all about the issue of Marathi pride and was meant to take the Marathi votes away from us," said a Sena functionary.
That the Sena is hassled enough with Raj's speech could be seen on Monday itself, as Uddhav announced that Geete would resign from the Union Cabinet. This after the party had said earlier that Geete would not resign unless BJP asked him and that it was hopeful that the party would pair up with BJP again for a post poll understanding after the Maharashtra assembly polls. Raj's outburst highlighting the issue of Marathi pride, however, got the Sena worked up and it felt that having Geete in the Cabinet would mean playing into Raj's hands: That the Sena was more worried about having a minister in the Union government than upholding the self-respect of Marathi-speaking people.
BJP workers and functionaries are ecstatic with the developments. "We never asked for Geete's resignation and yet he resigned only because of Raj's comments. They (Sena) are anxious that MNS should not eat into Marathi votes in Mumbai at least, because the latter is trying to capitalise on a Marathi Vs Gujarati divide," said the BJP functionary.
Interestingly the MNS chief had also spoken about why the Sena is in an alliance with BJP in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation. The Sena has, however, not taken a call to split with the BJP, as it would lose power in Asia's richest civic body
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tax caFe: The dawn of a new eraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

From  MOM  to  Make In India   non-human handles score big in TwitterFrom 'MOM' to 'Make In India', non-human handles score big in Twitter
Varuni Khosla, ET Bureau Sep 27, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Twitter
NEW DELHI: When Sputnik 1 blasted off into space in 1957, boldly going where no manmade device had gone before, it beeped. That beep, which could be heard on short-wave radio receivers as it orbited around the earth, sparked a space race that led to the giant leap for mankind and so on.
When India's Mars Orbiter slotted smoothly into its orbit around the red planet on September 24, it tweeted. In the two days since @MarsOrbiter went live, the little satellite that could has won more followers — in excess of 1,10,000 — than anyone else on the globe. It has tweeted about the stars it saw and even said 'Howdy' to @MarsCuriosity, the twitter handle of NASA's Mars robot rover. It also hailed NASA's Voyager spacecraft: "The bravest of us all @NASAVoyager, having ventured out the farthest. We're here for you."
There's clearly a wide audience for things that tweet, and not just from space.
The Narendra Modi government, among the savviest when it comes to using social media, has also been using such handles. For instance, @MakeInIndia said "Good morning America" as the Prime Minister embarked on his US sojourn. The campaign to boost investment in manufacturing had more than 90 million impressions in under a day — having been launched on September 25 by Modi in Delhi.
Another interesting non-human handle is a Nascar-related one — @TheOrangeCone, which has the profile picture of a traffic cone that sits at the entrance to the pit lane at race tracks. It tweeted about "getting screwed left and right on weekends". Another favourite is "Bong Bong" from @TheBigBenClock every now and then and the "Ahhhhhs..." from @MunchsTheScream or @My-Toaster, which says, "It's Done". @TweetingSeat created by UK product designer Chris McNicholl, is an interactive park bench that tweets photos of its users and the environment.
Many companies and organisations are now using such handles to connect with their audience. "It can be quite challenging to tweet humorously being an orbiter craft. All credit goes to the team handling the account at Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) for making what could otherwise be mundane information, so exciting," says Aditya Gupta, cofounder of Hyderabad-based social media company iGenero that has worked on projects such as the Ceat Cricket Rating and with companies like Mahindra & Mahindra.
Social media company heads said this is one of the best ways of use the medium. "No one enjoys talking to robots. Tweets like these read as if people are talking to others and that's great. The @MarsOrbider account amassed a huge following and it has to be great community management efforts with the right timing, engagement and amount of human behaviour," said Bhupendra Khanal, chief executive officer and co-founder of Simplify360, a social media aggregation firm based in Bangalore.
Humanising an inanimate object allows humour to be introduced. @NatHistoryWhale — the model of a blue whale on the ceiling of the Natural History Museum in New York City — has more than 15,000 followers. It once tweeted: "Before they bolted me to it, they had to raise the ceiling above me. It really wasn't very complicated."
Ahmed Aftab Naqvi, chief executive officer of Mumbai-based social media agency Gozoop, said, "People respond well to these kinds of tweets and the fact that no one knows who is tweeting creates a greater sense of curiosity as well."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make in India wanted in security gadgets manufacturingYou are here: Home > Collections
Make in India wanted in security gadgets manufacturing:CISF DG
PTI Sep 26, 2014, 10.19PM IST
(While speaking during the…)
NEW DELHI: With various business leaders from the country and abroad pledging support to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' campaign, the security gadgets and equipments sector too has decided to adopt it and develop India as a manufacturing hub in this domain.
While speaking during the inaugural session of the 17th Indian International Security Expo here, CISF chief Arvind Ranjan said the 'Make in India' concept "has become very relevant in the security equipments making field too."
Ranjan urged Indian manufacturers to develop and showcase gadgets and other security equipment which is required by various security forces rendering a special kind of duty from the sub-zero temperatures to the hot desert.
"We need gadgets according to our needs and I am sure our private and public sector companies in this domain can do it," the CISF DG said.
A number of experts and industry leaders present on the occasion seconded Ranjan and said that there was an "immense potential in Indian firms to achieve the real crux behind this motto" coined by Modi.
The expo, being held at Pragati Maidan from September 25-28, will showcase a host of security related devices, vehicles and armour made by about 107 firms with almost 5,000 products on display.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indians to see a 10.8% rise in salaries in 2015Financial Services
(The pharmaceutical sector…)
MUMBAI: Employees in India will see a 10.8% increase in their paychecks the coming year, according to a study by compensation tracker Towers Watson . Neighbouring countries Pakistan, Bangladesh and Vietnam will see their firms roll out a 11% raise across sectors.
In the '2014-15 Asia-Pacific Salary Budget Planning Report', the 2,900 sets of responses across 300 companies reveal that the Asia Pacific region will see an average of 7% increase in salaries.
However, a looming inflation will be a dampener as the money taken home by the employee will be less than what the increment states. In that case, China tops the list with a real salary increase of 5.2% after allowing for inflation, with Pakistan (4.5%), Bangladesh (4.3%), Vietnam (4.1%) and Sri Lanka (3.8%) trailing. India drops down two places to No. 6 with a corresponding real increase of 3.5%. Japan, with a 0.6% raise, will see the smallest increase.
"We foresee an increased economic growth in Asia Pacific in 2015 in light of a declining unemployment rate and rising GDP in the region. This, in turn, will lead to inflationary pressures that affect real salary increases. Indians will only see an effective salary increase that is one-third of the overall salary increase due to such pressures," says Sambhav Rakyan, data services practice leader, Asia Pacific at Towers Watson.
The report also stated that increments will either be equal or higher than last year in percentage terms. The only exception will be for employees in Taiwan, where the rate of increase will dip from 2.8% to 1.7% after inflation.
Employees in the pharma sector will get the highest increase while those in financial industry in India will get a modest 10% raise, similar to last year. "Compensation in financial institutions has become a major concern for governments and the general public as a consequence of the recent global financial crises," says Rakyan.
Those employed by the IT industry will get a raise of 10.7% compared with 10.5% in same period last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How to get a job if your venture did not work outHow to get a job if your venture did not work out
Sep 29, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
(Sometimes, it may happen…)
By Devashish Chakravarty
So your enterprise failed. Now what? You will go through a plethora of emotions before you can rationally evaluate your options.
Positive choices include moving on to a job that guarantees an assured income, or pursuing another venture. If you decide to take up a job, here is how you can go about it.
THE RIGHT PLACE
Having been your own boss, the twin goals of freedom and money will seem to conflict when identifying the right job. The smart way is to ignore both independence and money, for the time being. Both will be yours, if you deliver as an employee. So, focus on finding the right place to work and then creating your place in that firm. Identify sectors that you would love to work in.
What draws you to a firm—pedigree, people, product or processes? If it is a particular brand, invest time and effort in reaching out to people working at the firm, getting to know them and learning about the work culture. Once you have enough information on all four parameters, and you are convinced that this is the place to be in, think about how you can contribute to the firm. Note down your thoughts and use them in the following step.
THE RIGHT RESUME
You may have forgotten the last time you made a curriculum vitae (CV). But you must have processed several great and terrible CVs while hiring people for your enterprise. Assume that you are the product, the decision-maker at your target company is the customer, and your CV is the advertisement meant to draw the customer into taking a closer look at the product. Your resume is the single piece of paper that can get you shortlisted for an interview. Invest a few days in getting it right. The first step is to go online to download a few resume formats.
The subheads will include work experience in reverse chronology and education. Reflect on your notes from the previous step on how you plan to contribute to the firm. What achievements in your last enterprise signal your ability to get stuff done? What skills do these achievements reflect? How will you apply those skills to benefit the new firm? Use clear milestones to showcase your risk-taking ability or people skills or sales genius in a way that will catch the attention of your employer.
Finally, write a one page cover letter addressed to your customer describing where you plan to add value and how you bring the right attitude to the table. If there is more than one firm you are interested in, you will have to make different resumes. No two customers are the same and your marketing needs to be customised to suit each one of your target firms.
THE RIGHT PEOPLE
After you have readied the marketing content, identify your customer. Who is the decision-maker with the authority to hire you? Do your research on him. Then speak to people who are close to you and find a referral for your customer. Get in touch with potential referees who can pitch your case or introduce you to your target. Meet them and leave them with three clear reasons on how you can add value to your customer's team.
Finally, request them to share your cover letter and resume. Follow up at regular intervals. Repeat the process with other referees till you are short-listed for an interview.
  THE RIGHT INTERVIEW
At an interview, you will get to make your sales pitch. Preparation will increase your odds of success. Spend time to write down the obvious and the not-so-obvious in questions that your target firm/customer is likely to ask. As a nontraditional candidate, your decision to quit entrepreneurship will come under scrutiny.
Why have you chosen to work for them? Will you quit at the drop of a hat to pursue unfulfilled entrepreneurial dreams? Can you fit in well with a team and inside a structured organisation? Prepare your answers and rehearse them to project confidence. Dress well for the interview and pay attention to your grooming. Focus on the 'what' and 'how' of the gains you will bring to your firm/customer.
THE RIGHT DEAL
The final step is to close the deal at the end of the sales process. Give yourself a valuable gift at this point. Focus only on maximising the amount of responsibility and resources you will get in the new role. Ask the employer for a written commitment on the same. Choose not to negotiate on the financial terms and thus guarantee yourself a successful entry/re-entry into the workforce.
As an entrepreneur, you'll know how an employer is loath to lose an employee who has proven his worth. Within six months to a year in your new job, re-negotiate your compensation based on outcomes you have delivered. If the employer does not meet your expectations, then you can easily leverage your new achievements to get a suitable compensation correction elsewhere. Have a great journey!
TILL YOU FIND A JOB...

Five key takeways from Raghuram Rajan s reviewBank of India
(We take a look at five key…)
NEW DELHI: Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Tuesday met market and economists' expectations by keeping all key rates - repo rate, CRR , SLR, reverse repo rate - unchanged. While admitting that the 8% CPI target for January 2015 now looks more achievable, RBI said that upside risks to the medium-term target persist.
"The future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data," RBI said.
RBI also maintained the economy's growth projections for the current fiscal at 5.5%. We take a look at five key takeaways from Rajan's credit policy review and the rationale for his cautious stance.
1) Risks to inflation target: While cheering the recent data on declining inflation, RBI has cautioned that its medium-term target of 6% for January, 2015 still faces upside risks. "Since June, headline inflation has ebbed to levels which are consistent with the desired near-term glide path of disinflation - 8 per cent by January 2015. The most heartening feature has been the steady decline in inflation excluding food and fuel, by a cumulative 111 basis points since January 2014, to a new low," RBI said.
"With international crude prices softening and relative stability in the foreign exchange market, some upside risks to inflation are receding. Yet, there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon's passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly," RBI explained.
"For the near-term objective, therefore, the risks around the baseline path of inflation are broadly balanced. However, the undershooting of the objective may be temporary because of base effects. Turning to the medium-term objective (6 per cent by January 2016) the balance of risks is still to the upside, though somewhat lower than in the last policy statement," RBI cautioned.
2) Economic growth prospects: According to RBI the momentum of activity in all sectors of the economy is yet to stabilize. "Agriculture should shed the effects of recent shocks and pick up in Q4 of 2014-15. Industrial activity will await improvement in the business environment and the resumption of consumption and investment demand before gaining sustained speed," RBI felt.
"Post-monsoon revival in construction activity and the likely strengthening of momentum in business and financial services should sustain the recent signs of expansion in the services sector," it added.
RBI said that the key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity - in greenfield as well as brownfield stalled projects - supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and sustained disinflation.
"With expectations of these conditions remaining broadly unchanged, the projection of growth for 2014-15 is retained at 5.5 per cent within a range of 5 to 6 per cent around this central estimate. The quarterly growth path may slow mildly in Q2 and Q3 before recovering in Q4," RBI said.
3) Cautious optimism: RBI is of the opinion that the recent cautious optimism that is building in the economy on the back of improved business sentiment needs to be placed on solid foundations through a step-up in investment. "In this context, the resumption of stalled projects should provide a boost to inventory and capex cycles, while reducing distressed bank loans and revitalising growth," RBI said.
4) Stable CAD: Incoming data suggest that the current account deficit, placed at 1.7 per cent of GDP for Q1 of 2014-15 may remain contained in Q2, said RBI. "The improvement in the trade balance has benefited from the fall in the value of gold imports. Even as the external financing requirement stays moderate, all categories of capital flows remain buoyant. As a result, there has been an accretion to international reserves, even though reserves denominated in US dollars have moderated somewhat in recent weeks, largely because of the strength of the US dollar ," RBI added.
5) Global concerns: "Global activity has been recovering slowly from the setback in Q1 of 2014, on the back of strengthening consumer spending and gradually improving labour market conditions in advanced economies like the United States . However, the Euro area, where growth has stalled in the core economies, continues to be weak," RBI said.
"Major emerging market economies continue to struggle with tepid domestic demand and headwinds from structural impediments. With monetary policy in advanced economies remaining highly accommodative, investor risk appetite has increased and spread to various asset classes. With volatility perhaps excessively low, financial markets have risen to new highs, driving surges of capital flows to emerging market economies," RBI reasoned.
"Apart from concerns about a sudden correction in financial markets if investors misread the timing of a reversal of the US monetary policy stance or if geopolitical tensions intensify, some downside risks to growth also persist, such as a possible further slowdown in the Euro area," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI keeps rates on hold in its monetary policy: Instant viewSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: India's central bank kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8.0 per cent, as widely expected, while expressing concern about risks to its target to bring consumer inflation down to 6 per cent by January 2016.
The Reserve Bank of India also kept both the statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) and the cash reserve ratio ( CRR ) unchanged.
Commentary
Radhika Rao, Economist, DBS, Singapore:
"The central bank's tone was neutral, expecting inflation to stick to the disinflationary path in the near-term but flagging upside risks to the FY16 CPI trajectory. The base-effects driven swings in the inflation reading over the next six months will also keep the central bank wary of over-reacting to single data points. We maintain that rate cuts are not imminent and the benchmark rate will plateau at 8 per cent till end-FY15.
The cutback on export credit refinance facility is another step towards a shift away from sector-specific liquidity allocations. In addition, the shift towards T+2 settlements for foreign investors is positive, helps widen the investor base and overcomes varying global trading hours."
Soumyajit Niyogi, Analyst, Interest Rate & Equity, SBI DFHI PD:
"We see this as a very balanced and nuanced policy statement that is very future-oriented. The key takeway is that the central bank is now focussed on achieving the 6 per cent inflation target (for Jan 2016) rather than the 8 per cent target. The staggered cut in HTM will mean that it will gradually become aligned with the SLR level so that banks can manoeuvre their portfolios without any disruption in the bond market. Another heartening thing is that we are on our way to achieving the FRBM target."
Shakti Satapathy, Fixed Income Strategist, AK Capital, Mumbai:
"The tone was well in sync with the central bank's determination towards inflation anchoring in the medium term, while acknowledging the stability across sectors would remain crucial. The series of initiatives from government's end though would weigh on forthcoming policy stances, a clear guidance on bringing down the SLR holdings under HTM (held-to-maturity) somehow indicates the approach of the central bank is more focused towards credit supportive growth strategy rather than a rate supportive approach. In the light of today's RBI guidance, we expect the rate cheer from RBI during the current calendar year seems unlikely with more thrust on liquidity supportive growth strategy."
Sandeep Nanda, Chief Investment Officer, Bharti Axa Life Insurance , Mumbai:
"The policy is more or less in line with estimates. I think RBI's guidance implies some caution. The statement seems more hawkish as RBI's model does not expect inflation to fall rapidly in FY16. Food inflation will take time to come off as a lot of it is in the hands of various states. However, falling oil and vegetable prices mean the door is not completely shut on rate cuts."
Kumar Rachapudi, Senior Rates Strategist, Anz, Singapore:
"The overall stance of the RBI remains cautious even though it mentioned that the risks to its inflation objective have somewhat decreased from pre-policy. From a markets perspective, the impact of reduction in HTM assets is marginally negative for bonds".
Page 1 of 2

RBI keeps key rates unchanged in monetary policy reviewRBI keeps key rates unchanged in monetary policy review
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 30, 2014, 11.03AM IST
Tags:
Raghuram Rajan
(Although Rajan's stance…)
NEW DELHI: In line with market expectations, Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday kept the repo rate unchanged at 8%. The central bank also kept CRR, SLR unchanged. The reverse repo rate was also maintained at status quo of 7%.
However, it said it would cut the ceiling on bonds that must be held-to-maturity from the current 24 percent to 22 percent in stages starting in the bi-weekly cycle beginning in Jan. 10, 2015. It expects to complete the process by September 2015.
"For the near-term objective, the risks around the baseline path of inflation are broadly balanced, though with a slant to the downside. However, the undershooting of the objective may be temporary because of base effects. Turning to the medium-term objective (6 per cent by January 2016) the balance of risks is still to the upside, though somewhat lower than in the last policy statement," said Raghuram Rajan .
"This continues to warrant policy preparedness to contain pressures if the risks materialise. Therefore, the future policy stance will be influenced by the Reserve Bank's projections of inflation relative to the medium term objective (6 per cent by January 2016), while being contingent on incoming data," Rajan explained.
According to RBI, the momentum of activity in all sectors of the economy is yet to stabilize. "Agriculture should shed the effects of recent shocks and pick up in Q4 of 2014-15. Industrial activity will await improvement in the business environment and the resumption of consumption and investment demand before gaining sustained speed. Post-monsoon revival in construction activity and the likely strengthening of momentum in business and financial services should sustain the recent signs of expansion in the services sector," RBI said in its statement.
"The key to a turnaround in the growth path of the economy in the second half of the year is a revival in investment activity - in greenfield as well as brownfield stalled projects - supported by fiscal consolidation, stronger export performance and sustained disinflation. With expectations of these conditions remaining broadly unchanged, the projection of growth for 2014-15 is retained at 5.5 per cent within a range of 5 to 6 per cent around this central estimate. The quarterly growth path may slow mildly in Q2 and Q3 before recovering in Q4," the statement added.
The Governor also said the final guidelines on small banks and payments banks will be issued by end-November, while the final norms with regard to the changes in the regulatory framework for NBFCs will be introduced by end-October.
Rajan reduced the liquidity provided under the export credit refinance (ECR) facility from 32 per cent of eligible export credit outstanding to 15 per cent with effect from October 10.
RBI, however, continued to provide liquidity under overnight repo at 0.25 per cent at the LAF repo rate and liquidity under 7-day and 14-day term repos of up to 0.75 per cent through auctions.
Inflation as measured by the consumer price index in August slowed to 7.80% from 7.96% in July. Wholesale price index-based inflation also fell in August--to 3.47%, near a five-year low.
Rajan, who has raised rates thrice since last September, has been adamant that the back of inflation needs to be broken if the country has to get back to the path of sustainable, high economic growth.
(With inputs from PTI & Reuters)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena under Uddhav turning into a father-son partyBJP
(They did not want to acknowledge…)
MUMBAI: Moments after BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis called off the quarter century long saffron alliance with Shiv Sena last week, as if to distill his party's view of its former ally, one BJP national vice president told ET, "Uddhav's sense of the Sena's (electoral) strength comes not from ground level assessment, but from his kitchen."
Having been privy to the details of negotiations, the senior party functionary considered close to the RSS, complained that the Sena could not accept the fact that "we wanted to fight on our own terms; it (Sena) made it into an ego issue. They did not want to acknowledge that Uddhav does not have the same aura and mass appeal as Balasaaheb, and thus new terms for an alliance were needed".
That the Shiv Sena, which still rails against the Gandhi dynasty's "domination", has itself transformed into a Thackeray family-run enterprise has been noted widely over the past decade, which saw Uddhav installed as the 'Working President', a new outfit 'Yuva Sena' launched for his son Aditya, and Uddhav's wife Rashmi allegedly emerged as a behind-thescenes influencer of major decisions.
However, with the rise in its fortunes after the Lok Sabha elections, saffron ally BJP's impatience with the official inheritors of Balasaaheb's legacy has forced a multi-cornered election and, thereby, reordering of conventional political equations in Maharashtra. More crucially, this has forced the Sena to gear up for a 'do-or-die' election.
As the BJP national office bearer quoted earlier claimed, "Major decisions were, it appears, being taken in Uddhav's home. In his conversations with Devendra, Uddhav indicated that this is a 'do-or-die' election for the Sena, lest the BJP overtakes it in numbers and renders it politically less relevant.
As it is, in the last election, we had better numbers from the Sena in the assembly. Ditto for the Lok Sabha polls where we got better leads in assembly seats as well as sent more MPs to Parliament from Maharashtra."
Responding to the BJP's assertion with an uncharacteristic aggression, Uddhav has for the first time pitched himself for the CM post, which Fadnavis officially cited as one of the reasons for the split, and fielded candidates in almost all constituencies of the state for the first time in the Sena's history. "We will show you (BJP) what a wave is," he warned in his first speech, following the split, on Saturday.
A little less dramatically, but with obvious acknowledgment of the challenging task at hand, son Aditya tweeted soon after Fadnavis' announcement, "For us bigger the challenge, more the effort and victory!" Yet, a combination of adverse factors, particularly its own limitations, could mean that come polling day, the Thackeray enterprise could find it excruciatingly difficult to match its performance with adversaries, primarily among them its own ex-allies, while chasing its much talked about 'Mission 150'.
As analysts have pointed out recently that Sena has never won more than 73 seats in the state assembly despite the presence of Balasaaheb and, that too, after consistently contesting more than 160 seats for 25 years. With 2014 being the first assembly election fought in the absence of the Sena founder, and his entire experienced second rung leadership including Manohar Joshi , Leeladhar Dake (both of whom refused to be interviewed for this story, apparently cautious of the 'consequences') which played an advisory role sidelined, the Thackeray family's mettle and the extent of electoral benefits to be derived from the founder's legacy will now be tested.
That Uddhav's 'core team' appears to be without as much experience and the party has seen insubstantial growth in rural Maharashtra, beyond its strongholds, could make the journey towards the magic figure of 145 arduous, if not impossible.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kollywood stars  AIADMK supporters stage protestUpdated: October 3, 2014 09:36 IST
Kollywood stars, AIADMK supporters stage protest
Tweet
The Hindu Actors Surya and Sivakarthikeyan at the protest. Photo: K. Pichumani
Producer Kalaipuli S. Dhanu with Director Cheran and Pyramid Natarajan at the Chepauk state guest house where members of the film industry are participating in a fast to protest Jayalalithaa's conviction, in Chennai on Tuesday. Photo: K. Pichumani
Actor Vikram with actor Karthi at the solidarity meet in Chennai.
The Hindu Actor-politician Sarath Kumar, producer Abirami Ramanathan at the Chepauk state guest house where members of the film industry are participating in a fast to protest Jayalalithaa's conviction, in Chennai on Tuesday. Photo: K. Pichumani
In a show of support for former CM Jayalalithaa, AIADMK cadres and the Tamil film fraternity stage protests
3.00 pm: Cinema halls shut down in Chennai today. Distributors expressed solidarity with film industry protesting the verdict in Jayalalitha's disproportionate assets case. This is a picture outside Sangam theatre. Photo: Petlee Peter
2.00 pm: Posters hailing former Chief Minister Jayalalithaa at the protest venue
1.00 pm: Actor Karthi arrived just moments ago to a rousing welcome by fans
12.25 pm: Superstar Rajinikanth will not participate in the solidarity gathering as he is in Bangalore today. Actor Kamal Haasan too is unlikely to participate.
Kasimedu fishermen stage token fast,another gathering at Moolakadai junction says @petleepeter . @ChennaiConnect @ramyakannan #Jayaverdict
— Asha (@sridhar_asha) September 30, 2014
Director Bala at the solidarity gathering.
12.15 pm: Despite the scorching sun, the supporters of AIADMK have turned up in big numbers for the show of solidarity organised by the Tamil film fraternity for Jayalalithaa. There is no confirmation as to whether the top heroes of Tamil cinema will participate since since the meeting was planned only late yesterday evening. Actor Suriya and Karthi, however, are expected to participate post noon.
Vellore Corporation council passes special resolution condemning Jaya's conviction in disproportionate assets case.
— serena josephine (@serenasundar) September 30, 2014
Watch: Kollywood's show of support
Protests in Chennai: Agitators condemning the verdict against Ms. Jayalaithaa gathered in different location in Chennai from 9 am onwards. Flags and banners expressing solidarity for the AIADMK supremo were flashed throughout the city. Earlier an anonymous caller issued a telephonic threat that a bomb is planted for the stage opposite the State guest house, Chepauk hosting the event. Bomb squads were despatched to the location and a thorough inspection for nearly an hour proved the threat to be a hoax. Police are probing further to track the anonymous caller.
Actors Prabhu and Sathyaraj join the protest. Photo: K. Pichumani
12.00 pm: Let me state that this is not a protest. We are shocked and saddened by the verdict and this is to show our support to her in these difficult times. We are hoping she would soon be acquitted from the case and come back as Tamil Nadu's Chief Minister. - Director Vikraman, President of Tamil Nadu Film Directors Association.
11.50am: We are not here under any compulsion or threat from anyone. The CM has supported the film industry in many ways. Which is why we are here to support her, said Actor Sarathkumar
11.10 am: The Karnataka High Court adjourned Jayalalithaa's bail application and appeal to Monday, October 6, 2014.
11.00 am: Protests and fasts staged in Cuddalore, Banruti, Kancheepuram, Erode, Sathiyamangalam and other places.
10.50 a.m.: Producer Keyaar, Director S.J. Surya and others at the protest being held by the film fraternity in Chepauk.
10.45 a.m.: Producer Kunjumon and Director P. Vasu at the film industry sit in to protest.
10.40 a.m.: Actor-politician Sarath Kumar, producer Abirami Ramanathan at the Chepauk state guest house where members of the film industry are participating in a fast to protest Jayalalithaa's conviction, in Chennai on Tuesday. Photo: K. Pichumani
10.20: Girl who attemped self-immolation dies in Madurai. Read
Film industry rallies around leader
All film screenings in the State would be cancelled on Tuesday, in a show of support for Jayalalithaa. Read here
Jayalalithaa bail hearing in Bangalore
Bangalore city police have tightened security around Karnataka High Court in view of hearing on appeal by AIADMK chief Jayalalithaa, who has sought suspension of sentence and bail following her conviction in Rs.53.6 crore disproportionate assets case.
A large number of AIADMK supporters who have come to the High Court premises have been stopped outside court's entrance gates. The Court Hall 11, where vacation bench will be hearing Ms Jayalalithaa's plea along with petitions related to criminal cases, is jampacked at 10 am though sitting will start only at 10.30 am.

Gayle may play Tests in IndiaMore
Chris Gayle likely to be fit for India Tests
Chris Gayle, the West Indies batsman, expects to return to fitness in time for the Tests in India starting October 30.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Tue 30 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Chris Gayle , the West Indies batsman, expects to return to fitness in time for the Tests in India starting October 30. Gayle has been struggling with a lower-back injury and had missed the final Test against Bangladesh earlier this month, and will miss the limited-overs leg of the India tour as well.
Gayle with coach Otis Gibson. (Reuters)"My recovery has been coming on nicely, and I expect to be fully fit and ready in time for the Test series," Gayle told the Jamaica Gleaner. "The injury is the same one that has been affecting my back in recent times, but so far it has been coming on well. I have been able to give it some rest and as each day progresses, it keeps getting better and better."
Gayle had a reasonable home summer in the Tests, with three half-centuries in four games. He hasn't played competitive cricket since the first Test against Bangladesh earlier this month.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Unilever COO Harish Manwani to retire after 38 years of serviceHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Unilever COO Harish Manwani to retire after 38 years of service
PTI
Harish Manwani — the first ever COO of Unilever — will continue as Non-Executive Chairman of Hindustan Unilever Ltd, the Indian arm of the Anglo Dutch firm.
New Delhi, Sept 30:  
Global FMCG giant Unilever’s India-born Chief Operating Officer Harish Manwani will retire on December 31, 2014, after 38 years of service in the company.
Manwani — the first ever COO of Unilever — will however, continue as Non-Executive Chairman of Hindustan Unilever Ltd, the Indian arm of the Anglo-Dutch firm, a statement said.
Unilever CEO Paul Polman said: “Harish is an inspirational leader and leaves a remarkable legacy. He has been at my side in helping to drive the turnaround of Unilever, making this once again one of the most admired companies in the world.”
He added that under Manwani’s leadership Unilever saw a step-change in “its go-to-market organisation and there has been a relentless focus on flawless execution globally".
“He has role-modelled the 4G sustainable growth model — competitive, consistent, profitable and responsible — which has become such a strong focal point for the markets,” Polman added.
On his imminent retirement, Manwani said: “I am deeply grateful to all those colleagues who have helped to make the last 38 years at HUL and Unilever so memorable and fulfilling. It has been a privilege to serve such a great company...I look forward to working with Paul and the leadership team over the coming months to ensure a smooth transition and to further build our growth agenda.”
As Chief Operating Officer of Unilever, Manwani has been credited with establishing and aligning market clusters across the world behind a clear agenda, creating a better and more integrated go-to-market organisation.
“It has also allowed the business to be managed more dynamically, resource allocation to be done more efficiently across markets and best practices to be transferred more seamlessly. This has allowed Unilever to become increasingly more competitive in a tougher business environment,” the company’s statement added.
Manwani joined HUL in 1976 as a Management Trainee and was elevated to the HUL board in 1995 as a Director responsible for the Personal Products business.
In 2005, he was elevated to a greater role in Unilever’s structure and was appointed as Executive President, Asia, Africa, Middle East. The role later expanded to include Central and Eastern Europe.
Manwani also became the first Non-Executive Chairman of HUL and has overseen a period of sustained growth, with the business more than doubling its size and reinforcing itself as one of India’s most admired companies.
He is a member of the Board of Directors of Whirlpool Corporation, Pearson and Qualcomm Incorporated. Apart from that, Manwani also serves on the Board of the Indian School of Business and the Economic Development Board (EDB) of Singapore.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Jet Airways in trouble as JetLite pilots line up to join Vistara  IndiGoE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nauru  from bird droppings to bustNauru’s road from bird droppings to bust
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da2e7890-4851-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Phosphate rivals gold in doomsday dividendsPhosphate rivals gold in doomsday dividends
By Joe Morris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ef33e7ee-183a-11e4-a6e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Miners seek to take the plungeMiners seek to take the plunge
By James Wilson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/88b69294-006d-11e4-9a62-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Umbrella revolution raises questions over one country  two systemsFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Osborne sets out plans to curb welfare billOsborne sets out plans to curb welfare bill
By George Parker and Jim Pickard in Birmingham
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e4851b66-47af-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

$-funded firms with local manufacturing may sell onlineFabindia
(The company procures 98%…)
NEW DELHI: The government is likely to allow foreign-funded Indian firms to sell goods online if they make more than three-fourths of their product range themselves at home as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's wider push to promote manufacturing, and to boost homegrown brands such as Fabindia.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said in his July 10 budget that manufacturers will be allowed to sell goods online even if they have foreign investment provided they manufacture locally. The existing foreign investment policy does not allow any foreign direct investment (FDI) in ecommerce. It also does not define 'manufacturing'.
Fabindia, which makes 80% of the merchandise it sells on its own but is registered as a single-brand retailer, has written to the Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) asking to be treated as a manufacturer. This would enable the Indian-owned and controlled garment, fabric and furnishings company to take advantage of the proposal in the Union Budget and also freely access foreign funds for expansion.
Govt shouldn't be rigid: Experts
Fabindia couldn't be immediately reached for comment.
"We are trying to find some solution to that and help an Indian brand grow big. Those manufacturing in India should be allowed to sell online. We will need to tweak the policy suitably," said a DIPP official who didn't want to be named.
Just before leaving for the US, the prime minister had on September 25 kicked off the 'Make in India' campaign in the presence of CEOs and industry captains, promising a transparent and secure environment to do business in the country as part of a strategy to boost domestic manufacturing, create more jobs and thus add to the growth impetus. Fabindia is 60% owned by Indian shareholders while JLB Canton holds a 23% stake and WCP Mauritius has 16%. The company procures 98% of the products it sells from India, of which 80% come from its own manufacturing units and the rest from small and medium enterprises.
It sells some goods through ecommerce using permission obtained in the early 1990s."It is an Indian brand, producing in India. But they are also sourcing from other places... organic teas and all. It is not allowed under the existing policy. But we are determined to sort it out," said the official cited above.The government is not keen on opening up ecommerce to FDI as it sees this as a backdoor entry for overseas investment in multibrand retail, something the ruling BJP opposed in its election manifesto.
Still, the government hasn't indicated any rollback of the previous administration's decision to allow 51% FDI in the sector and a BJP member suggested there may be a review of the stance. The government shouldn't be rigid about the manufacturing norm, an expert said.
"There's hardly any company that manufactures everything on its own. Some items are sourced from third parties locally and some are imported. The government should take cues from RBI's definition of erstwhile export-oriented units which said that if 60% of the goods were exported, it would qualify as an EOU," said a chartered accountant asking not to be named.
Jaitley had announced in the budget that manufacturing units would be allowed to sell products through retail channels, including ecommerce platforms, without any additional approvals. India allows 100% foreign investment in manufacturing.Though the government has not issued a notification based on the budget announcement, officials said a 'manufacturing' firm by definition makes all products on its own locally. But they said there is scope for relaxation on that front as well.
"We are still working on the notification. But 100% manufacturing condition is a bit too stringent. So for at least the Indian brands with foreign funding, we may keep the threshold lower at, say, 74%. We are yet to take a final decision," said the official cited above.The previous UPA government had allowed 100% FDI in single-brand retail but with conditions related to 30% domestic sourcing and the introduction of new product lines.
Fabindia wants to be classified as a manufacturer instead of a single-brand retailer to carry out business-to-consumer ecommerce, introduce new products without separate government approval, get foreign investment from private equity funds, etc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

April-August Fiscal Deficit Touches 75% of Full Year TargetNew Delhi: India's fiscal deficit was Rs 3.98 lakh crore ($64.4 billion) during April-August, or about 74.9 per cent of the full-year target, government data showed on Tuesday.
The deficit was 74.6 per cent during the comparable period in the previous fiscal year.
Net tax receipts were at Rs 1.85 lakh crore in the first five months of the current fiscal year that ends in March 2015.
($1 = 61.77 rupees)

Chaiwat Subprasom / Reuterschaiwat subprasom / reuters
Mercer strips Pimco funds of top ratingMercer strips Pimco funds of top rating
By Stephen Foley and Tom Braithwaite in New York and Gina Chon in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f34a1788-4849-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oklahoma beheading suspect charged with murder  could face the death penaltyBy Mark Berman September 30 Follow @markberman
Alton Nolen in 2011. (Oklahoma Department of Corrections/AFP/Getty Images)
The man accused of beheading a co-worker in Oklahoma was charged with murder and assault Tuesday. Still, despite the horrific nature of the crime — which has drawn considerable attention and echoes recent beheadings in Syria — it appears that the attack was based on revenge for being suspended from work rather than any sort of religious motivation, a prosecutor said.
Police say that Alton Alexander Nolen , 30,  killed one co-worker and wounded another in a knife attack last week at a Vaughan Foods plant in Moore, a suburb of Oklahoma City.
Nolen could potentially face the death penalty for the attacks, Greg Mashburn, the district attorney for the area that includes Cleveland County, Okla., said Tuesday morning.
“I have a murder charge that we will vigorously prosecute,” Mashburn said during a news conference announcing the charges. “It is highly likely that I will seek the death penalty.”
The episode began when Nolen and a co-worker named Traci Johnson had an argument about race, Mashburn said.
Greg Mashburn announcing the charges. (Steve Sisnev/The Oklahoman via AP)
Nolen, who is black, “was basically saying he didn’t like white people,” Mashburn said. Johnson complained to the company’s human resources department, and the department suspended Nolen on Thursday. At that point, Nolen went home, got a large kitchen knife and returned “to get revenge on certain people he felt responsible,” Mashburn said.
He attacked Colleen Hufford, 54, from behind, killing her and severing her head, Mashburn said.
Nolen used Arabic terms during his attack, Mashburn said. He had tried to convert several co-workers to Islam, according to Moore police. Federal law enforcement officials told The Washington Post that Nolen was a recent convert who had a “provocative” Facebook page with a photo of Osama bin Laden.
“Obviously, there was some sort of infatuation with beheadings,” Mashburn said. “The manner in which it was carried out seemed to be related to his interest in killing someone in that way.”
Still, it appeared to be “an isolated incident” triggered by the suspension earlier in the day, Mashburn said.
“The altercation that occurred earlier in the day had more to do with race than it was with him trying to convert anyone,” Mashburn said. He later added that there were apparently three people of different races that Nolen believed had oppressed him.
Federal officials have said they are viewing this as a case of workplace violence rather than terrorism. But the nature of this attack, occurring in the wake of the high-profile beheading of two American journalists in Syria, has caused some to argue that it must be terrorism . Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R), a potential presidential candidate, said the incident is “an act of violence that is associated with terrorism.” (We’ve written more about the debate over what to call this particular incident here .)
Still, officials have not said they have found any link to terrorism. The FBI continues to investigate Nolen’s background, and they are looking for any possible links to terrorism.
Nolen has been able to give details to authorities and has been cooperating, officials say.
Alton Nolen was charged with first-degree murder and assault on Tuesday after allegedly beheading a co-worker at a food plant in Oklahoma City. Another worker injured in the attack was taken to a hospital and is in stable condition. (AP)
After killing Hufford, he attacked Johnson, the co-worker who had complained about him that day. He cut her neck and face and was only stopped when Mark Vaughan, the company’s chief operating officer and a reserve sheriff’s deputy, confronted Nolen. Vaughan shot Nolen once in the arm, which authorities said was what halted the attacks.
Mashburn said he believed Nolen would have also tried to behead Johnson if he was not stopped. Johnson survived the attack and, like Nolen, was taken to a hospital in stable condition.
Nolen’s mother and sister apologized to the victims in a video message posted on Facebook.
“I want to apologize to both families because this is not Alton,” Joyce Nolen, his mother, said in the video.
Adam Goldman contributed to this report.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Women in Tech You Need to Knowreddit
Good news, according to a report released by the Center for American Progress:
The number of women-owned firms in the US grew by 59 percent from 1997 to 2013 -- 1.5 times the national average.
Women of color are the majority owners at close to one-third of all women-owned firms in the nation.
African American women are both the fastest-growing segment of the women-owned-business population and the largest share of female business owners among women of color, at 13 percent.
Recently, I asked my folks to contribute names of impressive women in the STEM field who really have their boots on the ground. We got some really good responses, and have compiled an abbreviated list in no particular order. ( You can read the full list here. )
1. Bindu Reddy, CEO and Co-Founder of MyLikes
Before starting MyLikes, Bindu was at Google and oversaw product management for several products including Google Docs, Google Sites, Google Video and Blogger. When she first started at Google, Bindu was a Product Manager for AdWords, where she improved the AdWords bidding model by introducing Quality Based Bidding and Quality Score for keywords. She was also in charge of Google's shopping engine -- Google Product Search and designed and launched Google Base.
Before Google, Bindu founded AiYo -- a shopping recommendations service. Earlier in her career, Bindu was the Director of Product Management at eLance and a Computational Biologist at Exelixis.
2. Edie Stern, a distinguished Engineer and Inventor at IBM Edie has more than 100 patents to her name , and has been awarded the Kate Gleason Award for lifetime achievement. She received the award for the development of novel applications of new technologies. The 100 patents to her name represent her work in the worlds of telephony and the Internet, remote health monitoring, and digital media.
3. Ellen Spertus, Research Scientist at Google & Computer Science Professor at Mills University
Ellen's areas of focus are in structured information retrieval, online communities, gender in computer science, and social effects of computing. She was a core engineer of App Inventor for Android, which enables computing novices to create mobile apps. and she co-authored a book on App Inventor.
Ellen has been working to bring more women into computing for decades now. In 1991, while studying computer science at MIT, she published a paper titled, "Why are there so few Female Computer Scientists." And Ellen tells girls : "I'm sorry to tell you that Hogwarts isn't real -- but MIT is."
_______________________________
Remember, you can check out the whole list of women rocking STEM here: http://bit.ly/1rqodzh
And, please, leave comments with your suggestions, too!
Follow Craig Newmark on Twitter: www.twitter.com/craignewmark
More:

How Long Term Care Insurance Companies Mugged Mom and Popreddit
Dear Long Term Care Insurance Company:
The missus and I have received your notice that you are increasing our premiums by another 50% and that we have to pay more if we want to get the same benefits you promised us 22 years ago. Funny, when you was telling us how important it was for us to have this policy in case one of us got relly sick, we don't seem to remember any mention of raisin' our premiums. In case you ain't done the rithmetic, what you are now askin is 260% of what you told us it was going to cost when you sold us the policy. We started around $1600 a year and now you say we have to pay around $4200. You claim that the increase "is in accordance with laws and regulations", but there ain't a single word as to who or what approved these increases. You xplain by sayin that "Our decision to increase premiums are primarily based on significantly higher claims than originally anticipated", and we feel mighty sorry for that. We would would sure preciate if you would furnish us with the names and amounts of all them executives who took salary reductions, since "you are committed to providing long term care insurance benefits to our policyholders when they need it the most". I'm 85 and I spect I'll be needing it soon.
We do notice that you are kind enough to give us options other than payin' more just to keep what we was promised -- by getting much less benefits when we need it. But now that we know it's o.k. to change the rates, we would like to inform you -- that we would like to pay 50% less than we are now payin' and keep the same benefits. We live on a fixed pension. Our expenses "are significantly higher than originally anticipated." Prices have gone up and our income has stayed the same. And we didn't have no actuaries predicting for us. So we're sure you understand why we have to pay less for the same coverage.
But if for some reason you can't afford to keep us on -- either at the same or lower premium, we have an option for you. How about givin' us back the money we have paid to you over the past 22 years, and then you don't owe us nothing. We'll find us some kinder kinfolk to take care of us. You can even keep the interest and profits you have made off of our money. We never made a claim. You never paid a penny to us or on our behalf. We don't think it's fair to only give us the choice of continuing to do business with a company that took our money and told us how much we needed them only to pull the rug out from under us just when we'll probably need you. You end your letter by sayin' "it is likely that your premium will increase in the future." We know a snake oil salesman when we see one.
Your policyholders

Shift Your Spending To Make A Real Differencereddit
How are you going to spend your money today?
The reason I ask is because... it matters, especially when it comes to protecting our environment and reducing climate change. Here's how.
You've all heard the old saying, "Money talks."
I look at it a little differently.
I believe money makes things move. It's like the way flowing water can dislodge a tiny pebble, but eventually thrust even big boulders downstream. The way we spend money moves politicians to vote, governments to act, other people to care.
Our spending habits also influence the kind of products companies manufacture, and how. Because manufacturing burns so much energy and uses so many resources, a company's decisions affect the air we breathe, the water we drink, the food we eat, and the places we go to relax and connect to our spiritual selves. Global warming? Yup, that, too.
The more we opt for products and services that benefit the environment , the more we move companies to be more environmentally responsible, the more responsible we are ourselves, and the better off we all are.
Please don't misunderstand me.
I firmly advocate for the passage of strong local and national legislation that will enforce and strengthen laws and regulations that require all of us -- individuals, communities and companies alike -- to do as much as we can to save energy and consume less.
I regularly work for political candidates at the state and federal level who are committed to passing legislation that will have massive and sweeping impact on climate change, toxic chemicals, land use and other environmental issues that affect the health and wellbeing of all Earth's living creatures.
And I don't believe "retail therapy" is the only solution to our energy and environmental woes. Runaway consumerism has played a significant role in the collapse of the planet, given the energy, water, land and other resources required to produce all the stuff people buy... and buy... and buy.
That said, I do believe that if we overlook our consumer clout, we are abandoning one of the most powerful and available tools we have to make a difference.
Of course, first and foremost, we need to buy less. This should be a "no brainer."
Remember "reduce, reuse and recycle"? It still makes sense. With the onset of so many wonderful sharing sites, neighborhood list-servs, online re-selling and swapping options, and mobile apps, we should all head to the web or our neighborhood thrift stores and consignment shops before we head to the mall.
But the three Rs get us only so far. Whether we've been paring down our purchases for years or are greenhorns when it comes to a green lifestyle, on some level we still need to shop.
When we do, we can make our concerns felt by shifting our spending to the greenest products and services available. As much as manufacturers oppose environmental legislation and regulation, they embrace what happens in the marketplace. They have to. Consumer dollars are their lifeblood. Corporate need for profit gives consumers power.
Why don't we use it?
You know that other old saying, the one about the future being "in our hands"?
Well, it's not.
The future is in our purses and pocketbooks.
We can spend our money dislodging a few pebbles here and there.
Or we can spend it moving big boulders downstream.
It's our choice. Our world.
I say we move boulders.
Follow Diane MacEachern on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DianeMacEachern
More:

Is Elon Musk the Greatest CEO of the Modern Erareddit
OK, before I start, let me make full disclosure: my new Tesla was delivered today. Yes I know it's a car for the 1 percent, and that my modest green initiative of buying an electric vehicle won't exactly save the biosphere. And indeed, I am indebted to Elon Musk, the CEO and chief product architect of Tesla Motors, for creating this piece of engineering and technology magic.
However, the process of deciding to purchase this vehicle has caused me to reflect on its founder and his place as a candidate as a truly extraordinary CEO -- perhaps the greatest of the modern era.
My criteria are simple: wealth creation, industry reinvention and lasting impact on humanity. Musk is an extraordinary wealth creator. He's the first to build a thriving car company since Chrysler in 1925. With a market cap of $30 billion, Tesla blows the doors off Chrysler. More than that, he has reinvented the automobile itself -- creating new archetypical smart and green personal transportation vehicle with mind-boggling performance. According to Consumer Reports, the Tesla is not just the best electric car they have tested -- but the best car they have ever tested.
Unlike many of the other contenders for top CEO, Musk is not just dedicated to wealth. He is building businesses to help solve some of the biggest challenges facing humanity. He sees shareholders as only one stakeholder in the corporate mission. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Musk emphasized that "the reason I created Tesla was to accelerate the transition to sustainable transport. And I made that clear to investors."
Accordingly, some investors were taken aback when Musk announced this summer that the company would make all of its patents available to any other company, unconditionally and "in good faith." Musk wants to create a vibrant eco-sensitive transportation industry in which his company will compete. His goal is not to just make the vehicles, but also the batteries these cars will need. To help that happen, Musk committed $5 billion to a battery manufacturing plant in Nevada. He hopes to build half-a-million cars by 2020, generating high demand for those batteries. Musk wants other electrical-vehicle companies to adopt his batteries as the power source. It turns out integrity can help create business success.
His vision for eco-sensitive transportation is just one reason why Vanity Fair (OK, not exactly the most authoritative source of business acumen but still widely read) just picked him as the world's most important living disrupter, having "staggering ambition with a do-gooder sense of purpose has made him revered among his peers." Vanity Fair points out the total admiration of Musk by Google co-founder Larry Page. "You know, if I were to be hit by a bus today," Page is reported to have said, "I should leave all of it to Elon Musk."
But Tesla is only one feather in Musk's cap. He also helped bring pioneering PayPal to life. Again, he spotted a new need: consumers wanted a secure means to pay for goods purchased online. PayPal turbocharged eBay and online commerce by giving buyers confidence their funds were safe when buying a beanie baby or camera lens from the other side of the planet.
Musk also oversees the Solar City, which makes 25 percent of the solar panels made in the U.S. This is just another facet of his zeal to tackle the largest crisis facing humanity today: climate change.
He also spotted a need for affordable space travel. So in 2001 Musk founded Space Exploration Technologies, better known as SpaceX, to develop and manufacture space launch vehicles. Musk is SpaceX's chief executive and chief technology officer. The company's first vehicles were the Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 rockets and the Dragon spacecraft. On May 2012, SpaceX docked a Dragon with the International Space Station, making it the first commercial company to launch and dock a cargo vehicle to the ISS. An impressive feat for an eleven-year-old company.
Earlier this month SpaceX landed a $multi-billion contract to take astronauts back and forth to the ISS. NASA retired its famous space shuttle fleet in 2011, and ever since has had to rely on Russia's good will and its Soyuz vehicles to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station. Musk will eliminate this inappropriate dependence.
I confess my glowing portrayal of Musk may be colored by buyer's delight. But nevertheless, consider the other candidates for CEO of the last quarter century (roughly the digital age.)
There are many CEOs who have led spectacular turnarounds or taken epic steps to make their company better. Lou Gerstner stopped IBM's decline, and Ford's Alan Mulally may have saved the company. Tim Cooke has taken Apple into the post Jobs era -- a sizable, some say unlikely feat. Nike's Phil Knight, among other things reinvented Nike's labor practices in the developing world, and in doing so set new standards for supply chain integrity and sustainability.
There are great women CEOs transforming massive and important companies, notably Pepsi's Indra Nooyi, HP's Meg Whitman and Xerox's An Mulchay -- all of whom have put a sluggish or failing company back on track to success. Not to mention transformational women in the entertainment and information industries like Oprah Winfrey.
I'd disqualify all of the Wall Street CEOs. Many have accumulated staggering wealth, but no one has stepped up to transform an industry in urgent need of reinvention the way that Musk is changing the transportation industry. Driven by sheer greed, the financial services industry nearly brought the global economy to its knees in 2008, and nothing has changed since.
GE's Jack Welch is often touted as a great CEO but he wouldn't even make my top 50 list. "Neutron Jack" as he was called was best at cost cutting rather than being an innovator or game changer. He was a good manager in the traditional sense but to me he was not a great business leader for our changing times.
The best candidates are those who created new industries that had a big impact on business, consumer behavior and beyond. In alphabetical order:
Jeff Bezos' modest online bookstore became a juggernaut that redefined how online retailers understand their customers.
Richard Branson brought the personal touch to hundreds of service-oriented companies such as airlines and mobile phones, but his total impact is still in flux.
Warren Buffett was the most successful investor in the past century, and has amassed an astonishing amount of wealth for himself and other shareholders of Berkshire-Hathaway.
John Chambers piloted the extraordinary Cisco success story, whose technology shaped the World Wide Web. We are all in his debt.
Bill Gates created a great company and then clawed his way through decades of PC turmoil to reign supreme, perhaps to see his accomplishments eclipsed by the mobile revolution. As did Michael Dell.
Larry Page, Sergey Brin and subsequently Eric Schmidt made the web usable and then proceeded to pioneer a new species of company: A digital conglomerate.
Howard Schultz reinvented the North American coffee break and brought many fair trade practices to a brutally cost-competitive commodity industry, but he hasn't reshaped our societal landscape.
Fred Smith is the founder, chairman, president, and CEO of FedEx. He reinvented logistics and reshaped global commerce.
Ted Turner Understood the power of delivering content to the voracious 24-hour audience.
Mark Zuckerberg quickly created amazing wealth but the jury is still out on Facebook's enduring value and the social cost to all of us from Big Data.
Steve Jobs is still the gold standard, having not only saved Apple, transformed the computer, entertainment and communications industries but also changed the lives of hundreds of millions of people. Musk has not had that kind of impact. But his sense of purpose extends beyond a desire to innovate, create wealth and chance consumer experiences. He seems driven help solve some of humanities most vexing problems through entrepreneurship. Time will tell if he ranks with the likes of Henry Ford as the great business leader called forth by changing times.
Don Tapscott is the author of 15 widely read books about new media in business and society, including most recently The Digital Economy Anniversary Edition: Rethinking Promise and Peril in the Age of Networked Intelligence , out now.
A version of this article was published on LinkedIn.
Follow Don Tapscott on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dtapscott
More:

Climate Protection: A Portfolio of Good Sense and Cents for Our Planetreddit
It's becoming increasingly more difficult to stomach resistance to changing our energy production purely on the argument that a low carbon climate is the Grim Reaper of our economy. Ignoring sound studies to the contrary is indefensible -- whether it be from faulty right wing opposition or  climate deniers' irrational fears. Maybe you're somewhere in between either of these ridiculous chatterings and sitting on the fence -- well, it makes no sense.
Don't believe those who would have you think there's no access to money or available technology to implement low-carbon and climate resilient growth, because there is plenty of both.
If you need examples of testimonials from other countries who have seen positive outcomes from taking such calculated risks, look to Sweden for one. The Swedes closures of power plants fired by coal and other means of converting "trash to fuel" have shown life saving results in the return of fish and other wild habitats to their aquatic ecosystems.
Continuing to choke the life our of our planet in favor of saving the lesser of two evils, our economy, is no longer a thinking man or woman's debate. Providing less gas guzzling cars didn't wipe out the automobile industry or have us driving over cliffs in unsafe vehicles is a once ill-conceived set of conceptions worthy of reflection.
It's not surprising how some find themselves pessimistic over climate change and growth when anti-environmentalists and scores of other self-interest groups pollute our airwaves with doomsday propaganda. There is no substitution for achieving a healthier view by becoming more informed.
The truth is: environmental protection and financial success can co-exist. There are constant and consistent findings by CSR companies that their efforts have not jeopardized their businesses, but in many cases have added to their profits. When their voices become more frequent and louder than say, the Koch brothers, then we may see some real progress if affecting more sorely needed change.
The bottom line is, climate change economics is viable and sustainable. The wide-ranging benefits to our not so distant future lives and our generational concerns for the environment are priceless.
More:

Naomi Klein Is WrongCommentary about business and finance.
Sept. 30 2014 11:25 AM
Naomi Klein Is Wrong
By Zachary Karabell
 
In her new book, Naomi Klein (center) documents how some corporations and lobbying groups have thwarted action against climate change and even manipulated multiple governments into boosting the extraction of gas, coal, and oil.
Photo by Lucas Oleniuk/Toronto Star via Getty Images
The gathering of delegates in New York last week for the latest and likely futile installment of climate talks at the United Nations prompted a new round of familiar questions: Why have the governments of the world so far been unable to stem climate change? Why can’t the global community agree to halt the sharp rise in both carbon emissions and global temperatures?
Zachary Karabell is an author, money manager, and commentator. His most recent book is The Leading Indicators: A Short History of the Numbers That Rule Our World.
Climate change debates are a maelstrom, and Naomi Klein has added to that fray with her new book, This Changes Everything: Capitalism vs. the Climate . She has a sharp, pungent answer to why no concerted action has taken place: “We have not done the things that are necessary to lower emissions because those things fundamentally conflict with deregulated capitalism, the reigning ideology for the entire period we have been struggling to find our way out of this crisis.” With meticulous research and reporting, Klein documents how some corporations and lobbying groups have thwarted action and even manipulated multiple governments into boosting the extraction of gas, coal, and oil.
The causal link between human actions and tumultuous climate shifts is beyond question, as is our collective failure to halt climate change. But Klein’s answers—as compelling as they may be to many—fall quite short. Because she is such a powerful voice in this discussion, her rhetoric risks obscuring just how much is being done by large companies around the world to reduce their carbon emissions and environmental footprint.
Advertisement
In fact, capitalism—in the form of multinational corporations—is doing more than many governments and multilateral institutions to stem the progression of climate change. They are doing so because of self-interest, not altruism; the relentless demand for profit is compelling an increasing percentage of the world’s largest companies to take concerted, forceful action. Yes, many companies remain obstacles to action, as Klein argues, but increasingly, more are becoming the agents of rapid and necessary change.
Every day, for instance, Joel Makower and his news site Greenbiz document the initiatives launched by companies around the world. This week alone, the site focused on Walmart’s continuing global efforts to approach zero emissions; Veolia’s (a French water-supply company) ongoing work to raise water and infrastructure efficiency in cities around the world; and Caesars Entertainment’s project to cut down on its water usage in Las Vegas.
For Klein, these sorts of efforts amount largely to greenwashing. She sees them almost entirely as forms of corporate marketing and deft lobbying that have in turn corrupted large environmental NGOs such as the Nature Conservancy and the Environmental Defense Fund. And because carbon dioxide emissions continue to rise and rise, she argues that whatever is being done by companies in cahoots with compromised NGOs clearly isn’t working.
Emissions aren’t rising because of Washington lobbyists pursuing the imperatives of the 1 percent.
But even if a company is hungry for profit and power—and what successful company isn’t?—that should not disqualify their efforts to address climate change. Take the endeavor recently announced at the Clinton Global Initiative by Sir Richard Branson to tackle trucking efficiency throughout the world. Branson is a particular focus of Klein’s critique, as a poseur capitalist who presents himself as a green apostle while making billions on carbon-intensive industries such as air travel. Yet Branson’s commitment to reducing Virgin’s carbon footprint seems just as genuine as any climate marcher who drove a car to get to Manhattan for the People’s Climate March. We all are forced into carbon complicity, whether as individuals or as corporations.
Then there are the multi-year campaigns by global behemoths such as Unilever, Marks & Spencer (with its “ Plan A ” in the U.K.), UPS around the world, Maersk shipping lines, Nike, Coca-Cola, and swaths of other companies that have made sustainability and energy-efficiency central to their business models. Klein might dismiss these efforts in general, but Maersk’s innovations around slow shipping , for instance, are about the only thing standing between it and financial insolvency. Its urgency to make money led to double-digit reductions in the amount of fuel its ships consume—and given that Maersk controls more than 15 percent of the global container fleet, that reduction is meaningful. So too are the efforts of UPS to upgrade its trucks to hybrids, electric, and other less fuel-intensive options.
Klein is dead-on in her litany of the failures of European carbon trading; she is certainly justified in decrying most government efforts to combat climate change as shams. But she misses the substantial contributions of companies to a radical reduction in energy consumption over the past five years. As Dan Gross has been vigorously reporting in Slate, multiple communities in the U.S. have been slashing energy use and emissions, often in partnership with large companies such as Ford Motors. U.S greenhouse gas emissions have decreased 10 percent since 2005 , and the bulk of that came after 2008, even with a slight rise in 2013. Some of the decrease was probably due to shrunken output because of the 2008-09 recession and financial crisis, but much of it is down to a private-enterprise drive for profit, which in turns drives the lowering of costs and of consumption of raw materials.
Top Comment
Let's be honest: Klein's real beef is that the lingering spectre of climate change isn't doing enough to halt corporations.    More...
-Dreese
Join In
Of course, global emissions have continued to increase rapidly. The major cause is the explosive growth of China and portions of what we still call the “developing world.” Emissions are rising not because of Washington lobbyists pursuing the imperatives of the 1 percent, but due to the rapid and unregulated growth of billions of new entrants into a global middle class. That phenomenon may serve the interests of many multinationals, but it is also serving the needs and ambitions of huge portions of humanity that watched from the sidelines of the 20th century as the western world aggregated the preponderance of the world’s affluence. India’s environment minister has flatly stated that his government would focus on alleviating poverty regardless of whether or not it meant sharply rising emissions. Perhaps he is in thrall to multinationals, but perhaps he is answering the demands of hundreds of millions of people to live better now.
None of us should lose sight of working toward a less resource-intensive future. Getting there requires massive investment of trillions of dollars and concerted effort at multiple levels of society. Dismissing a key element of that change—the multinationals and global NGOs that are trying to make these changes in spite of the sclerosis and opposition of so many governments and in the face of powerful lobbies—may galvanize some activists. But barring a synchronous overthrow of the entire global capitalist system, we need the assiduous efforts of multinationals that simultaneously strive to make heaps of money and to reduce their environmental impact. Without them, we would be many steps closer to the environmental Armageddon that Klein and so many of us fear is nigh. 

Will DUI Charge Dip Michael Phelps As Sponsor Darlingwill dui charge dip michael phelps as sponsor darling
Modi must resist US pressure on drug patents: MSFSep 30, 2014, 04.47 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Modi must resist US pressure on drug patents: MSF
Modi, who is visiting the United States to bolster trade and investment ties, has been meeting senior Congressmen and business leaders. He met President Barack Obama at a White House dinner on Monday and the two will hold further talks on Tuesday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Modi must resist US pressure on drug patents: MSF
Modi, who is visiting the United States to bolster trade and investment ties, has been meeting senior Congressmen and business leaders. He met President Barack Obama at a White House dinner on Monday and the two will hold further talks on Tuesday.
Post your opinion here
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi must not give in to US pressure to change intellectual property laws which allow India to produce generic medicines poor people can afford, the medical charity Doctors Without Borders (MSF) said.
Modi, who is visiting the United States to bolster trade and investment ties, has been meeting senior Congressmen and business leaders. He met President Barack Obama at a White House dinner on Monday and the two will hold further talks on Tuesday.
MSF said US officials would lobby Modi on the issue of patents as they see India's intellectual property regime as undermining the interests of US pharmaceutical firms.
One key target of US pressure is India’s patent law, which enables Indian firms to produce generic drugs. Another is the use of compulsory licences that jumpstart generic drug production when patented life-saving medicines cost more than patients can afford.
Washington has begun investigating the policy and the US Trade Representative (USTR) has placed India on its Priority Watch List and announced a review of the regime, which raises the possibility of sanctions against India, MSF said.
"India’s production of affordable medicines is a vital life-line for MSF’s medical humanitarian operations and millions of people in developing countries," said Rohit Malpani, Director of Policy and Analysis for MSF’s Access Campaign.
"India’s patent laws and policies have fostered robust generic competition over the past decade, which has brought the price of medicines down substantially – in the case of HIV, by more than 90 percent. The world can’t afford to see India’s pharmacy shut down by US commercial interests."
MSF said India's laws were changed in 2005 to comply with the World Trade Organization's mandate for pharmaceutical patenting, and remain in line with international trade and intellectual property rules.
Like other emerging markets such as South Africa and China, India is battling to bring down healthcare costs and boost access to drugs for diseases such as cancer, HIV/AIDS and hepatitis.
Western drugmakers, including Pfizer Inc, Novartis AG, Roche Holding AG and Sanofi SA, covet a bigger share of the fast-growing Indian drugs market.
They have been frustrated by a series of decisions by India on patents and pricing as part of its push to increase access to treatment, as only 15 percent of its 1.2 billion people have health insurance.
RELATED NEWS

We need to walk the talk  not ModiOct 01, 2014, 04.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
We need to walk the talk, not Modi
Narendra Modi is merely opening up all the choked up channels, whether it is in mindset or ground realities. He has well thought out all his strategies. Modi is making all the moves but putting the ball in our court. Instead of expecting miracles from him, we should expect first a miraculous change in ourselves.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
We need to walk the talk, not Modi
Narendra Modi is merely opening up all the choked up channels, whether it is in mindset or ground realities. He has well thought out all his strategies. Modi is making all the moves but putting the ball in our court. Instead of expecting miracles from him, we should expect first a miraculous change in ourselves.
Post your opinion here
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s speech on 28th September at Madison Square, New York was another ‘uplifting the masses’ speech. Many journalists reported that while the speech was impressive, the Prime Minister of India spoke of the same issues of governance, cleanliness and making India the next superpower.
Economist Swaminathan Aiyar writes in the Economic Times that it is time for Modi to Walk The Talk. Translating potential into performance is tough, says Aiyar. Surely who does not know that it is indeed tough in a diverse and vast country like India. And it is tougher today than before. Reason being – A major erosion of our culture. The culture to think service to country and humanity is absent in a major way. A corruption ridden environment has seeped deep into the minds of every Indian and money has become the colour of speech, aggravated by rising inflation. Modi is trying bit by bit to bring back the culture Indians are known to exhibit when they had great leaders heading them. That is - To serve the country and to think of any job as a service and sacrifice to the country. Hence he says whether it is a teacher or a doctor or a sweeper, we must think we are sacrificing our lives for the service of the nation. If mindsets of people do not change, whether at work or in the subject of cleanliness, no matter how hard any government works, we are going to take one step forward and two steps backward. So we are missing the point of his speeches. Walk the Talk, who should Walk The Talk, not him but us citizens. That’s what he is simply saying.  
Narendra Modi is merely opening up all the choked up channels, whether it is in mindset or ground realities. He has well thought out all his strategies. Imagine if nothing else he has made noise about India to 3 major countries that matter – China, Japan and U.S.A. He is inviting these three countries to come to India for their manufacturing needs. He says he will remove all bureaucratic hurdles and make it easy for them. He is slowly and gradually making the right moves to see manufacturing gets a leg up and that will automatically see many economic indicators improving.
 Many scoff his Ganga project cleansing and do not consider it a priority amongst the many pressing projects that require funding. Ganga cleansing will require hell of a lot of resources. But Modi is confident that once you set out to do something good, money will flow. Don’t we see so many crowd funding projects for a good cause rake in a lot of funds? Again his keenness to cleanse the Ganga is deeper and hence for him a priority. He says it flows through so many cities of India. While he harped on the benefits of economic prosperity in cleansing the Ganga, he also knows that it does not bode well for India to keep a Holy river dirty. Cleanliness and positive energy starts from there.
Modi is making all the moves but putting the ball in our court. Instead of expecting miracles from him, we should expect first a miraculous change in ourselves.
Posted by Veena Krishna, Deputy Editor - Special Projects, CNBC-TV18
RELATED NEWS

Trend is still down and we should follow the trend30 September 2014
Tuesday
Volatile day ends flat; choppiness continues in Nifty and Bank Nifty. Both the indices end near their previous day close
Trend is down in Bank Nifty. Choppy prices movement continues in the Banking Index. Sector is underperforming the Nifty. A follow through did not came today but prices manage to remain above the trading range. We should wait one more day for follow through.
We have LEAD in METAL SECTION. Short Term Trend is now changing on upside. We will discuss a possible trade in this instrument. We have CEMENT in Sector Focus. Prices are trading inside a range and trading very choppy. We should avoid taking a long trade in this sector. Stock in focus includes BAJAJ AUTO, JINDALSTEL, ORIENTBANK and TITAN. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss JPY INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Trend is still down and we should follow the trend: Sukhani30 September 2014
Tuesday
Volatile day ends flat; choppiness continues in Nifty and Bank Nifty. Both the indices end near their previous day close
Trend is down in Bank Nifty. Choppy prices movement continues in the Banking Index. Sector is underperforming the Nifty. A follow through did not came today but prices manage to remain above the trading range. We should wait one more day for follow through.
We have LEAD in METAL SECTION. Short Term Trend is now changing on upside. We will discuss a possible trade in this instrument. We have CEMENT in Sector Focus. Prices are trading inside a range and trading very choppy. We should avoid taking a long trade in this sector. Stock in focus includes BAJAJ AUTO, JINDALSTEL, ORIENTBANK and TITAN. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss JPY INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Focus is on reaching 6% retail inflation target by Jan‘Focus is on reaching 6% retail inflation target by Jan’
Our Bureau
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
Our policy stance will be determined by evolution of inflation rather than by outside forces: RBI Governor
As was widely expected, the Reserve Bank of India, on Tuesday, kept the policy rates unchanged. The RBI held the repo rate (the interest rate at which it provides short-term liquidity to banks) rock steady at 8 per cent. In its fourth bi-monthly policy review, the central bank said there are risks from food price shocks as the full effects of the monsoon’s passage unfold, and from geo-political developments that could materialise rapidly. In a free-wheeling interaction with the media, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan unravelled the monetary policy.
How do you plan to reach the 4 per cent retail inflation target as mentioned in the Urijit Patel committee report?
As of now there is no consensus about what the ultimate target will be. My sense is over the course of the year, as the Finance Minister announced in the Budget, we will develop the understanding with the government on what the desired objectives of monetary policy are beyond the medium term, beyond January 2016. The structure of the monetary policy committee and the monetary policy framework all those things will have to be put in a framework. So, as the Finance Minister announced in the Budget speech, we will use this year to get more clarity on that. And then the government also has to indicate how it wants to take it forward on whether it will be an Act, in the form of an RBI Act or a government statement.
As of now our main focus is on reaching the 6 per cent retail inflation target by January 2016. Let us see how these discussions evolve with the government.
If the US Fed increases the rate, will it put pressure on the RBI to increase rates in the future?
The increasing US rates will certainly put pressure on capital flows. My hope is that after the initial volatility, which may come in anticipation of the rise rather than the actual event of the rise, financial markets will become more discriminating between economies with a fairly good macro economic prospect and countries where the macroeconomic prospects are uncertain. Political prospects also matter and as I repeatedly say the strong mandate given by the election and the strong government that has emerged as a result is a positive for India and the rating agencies have also recognised that. Our policy stance will be determined by the evolution of inflation rather than as much by outside forces.
How many more quarters for credit growth to pick up?
You are asking me to look into the future. Credit depends on investment. Investment depends on that, on that nebulous, hard to fathom thing called animal spirits. Now, we thought we had fair amount of animal spirits with the new government coming in. Now that has to translate into action by the Corporations. Some bankers tell me they are seeing glimmers of action on the smaller items – the brownfield investments. But it is not anything tangible. We need to build this recovery on tangible, strong investment across the board. So, we are waiting for that. I don’t think it has happened yet.
When will the RBI start easing the policy?
There are two points here. One is that how much are interest rates a key issue in preventing growth at this point. And I would say they are not the most important factor. But they are not irrelevant as a factor because after all the reason why we keep interest rate high is to curtail demand so that demand comes more in line with supply. So, I don’t think they are the most important factor.
And second, there is no getting away from the fact that there is a general consensus — we want to bring down inflation. I have one tool to do that — which is interest rate.
What steps are the RBI taking to address the issue of wilful defaulters?
The Gujarat High Court said you can’t, sort of, involve every director as a wilful defaulter. Some of these people may be innocent bystanders. We are not curtailing the right to do business but we are curtailing the right to steal from banks. We respect the court’s judgment. As I recollect, the Gujarat High Court’s legitimate concerns were whether we were, sort of, bringing innocent bystanders — directors of companies who are not involved directly in the wilful default — into the process. And what we have subsequently done – looked at the role of independent and nominee directors — to see whether we can sort of circumscribe the situation in which they would be labelled wilful defaulters. And the idea is if you can’t prove that they were either involved or were totally negligent and didn’t follow the basic duties of a director as prescribed by the Companies Act then there should be some liability. The reason why you are earning board fees as a director is you are supposed to exercise some corporate governance.
Interest rate is a blunt tool. Why not cut the policy rates?
Interest rate is a blunt tool but it is also the only tool. We have been pragmatic and the medicine seems to be working. The problem is before the patient has run the full course of the medicine, do you want to take him off the medicine and say let us take a chance. That is always the danger in Indian policy that we have to have the discipline to stay the course.
What is the status of banks’ loan exposure to coal mines that have been de-allocated and allied industries?
The government will be auctioning off some of these coal blocks again. There will be some inflow for the government. Then there is also the question of assets that have been created on the ground. All those things have to be taken into account. I think the government will take a view on how that plays out. Then the different parties what they get of the proceeds; we will have to see how that also plays out. My sense is that the government will want to treat the banks fairly in this process. Once we know how that is playing out, we will have a better sense of what the losses are and what the delays may be. It is too early to estimate what the consequences are.
In a time of distress, the issue is not whether you have to recognise the losses or not. That is a secondary issue. The main issue is making sure that the asset becomes productive again because unless it becomes productive again that issue will keep coming back. You get some forbearance in six months. Six months later you come back again and say it is not working.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Reliance Communication aims to cut net debt by two-fifth in two yearsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Reliance Power to spend R50k cr more on power projectsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

HMSI inks pact with Gujarat for plant in AhmedabadE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Be a source of energy for others: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadellas lesson for the youth of IndiaHome
Tech
Be a source of energy for others: Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella’s lesson for the youth of India
Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 30 2014, 19:51  IST
Sep 30 2014, 19:51  IST
 

Junckers pack of jokers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/530fbfc4-47fa-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Merkel has a duty to stop DraghiLast updated: October 1, 2014 2:28 pm
Merkel has a duty to stop Draghi’s illegal fiscal meddling
By Hans-Werner Sinn
The ECB is overstepping its mandate with anti-deflationary measures, writes Hans-Werner Sinn
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09b1d31c-47c8-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Euro drops as inflation hits new lowEuro drops as inflation hits new low
By Delphine Strauss in London and Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d03f308e-4880-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brent crude at lowest since July 2012Brent crude at lowest since July 2012
By Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d6929e8-48bd-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tesco down on rights issue speculationTesco shares down on rights issue speculation
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f9ec4fae-48bf-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buyout managers face investor competitionPrivate equity managers face growing competition for deals
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany, Private Equity Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d29f282-47b5-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inequality is such a drag on economiesWhy inequality is such a drag on economies
By Martin Wolf
Big divides in wealth and power have hollowed out republics before and could do so again
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b41dfc8-47c1-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modis legacy should be sewers  not smart citiesSeptember 30, 2014 5:45 pm
Modi’s legacy should be decent sewers, not ‘smart’ cities
By Chandran Nair
India’s prime minister should not be distracted from the unglamorous basics, writes Chandran Nair
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/509e2d56-47fb-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Europe needs a flexible financial marketSeptember 30, 2014 4:59 pm
Europe needs a more flexible financial market
By Huw van Steenis
Europe needs to channel non-bank funding to businesses and infrastructure, writes Huw van Steenis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b43a8ee-3f5c-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Governing by bluster leaves us in the coldGoverning by announcement leaves us all out in the cold
By John Kay
Glib declarations aimed at the media leave the energy industry confused and supply in doubt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9356996-47c4-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cinemas/Netflix: moving picture© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/6d1307b6-4834-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China tries to avert property doom with new policiesSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

First Ebola case diagnosed in USFirst US Ebola case diagnosed in Texas
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a292ec82-48f0-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Concern over debt of Asean companies© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f7dbd6b0-4853-11e4-b5ad-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Surge in M&A deals in 2014M&A deals in 2014 eclipse levels in past 5 years
By Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0c9cbae-45be-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brazil polls show Rousseff lead wideningBrazil polls show Rousseff lead widening
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2b97c0a-48ff-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China holidays subdue Asia boursesGlobal stocks hit by growth concerns
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1238f114-4912-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kong braces for biggest protest stormHong Kong marks National Day with protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83f90ad2-48bd-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rajan Wants to Reduce Undue Volatility in RupeeYou are here: Home Forex
RBI Governor Says Wants to Reduce Undue Volatility in Rupee
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 12:27 (IST)
Dollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India is not focussed on any particular level of exchange rate, but wants to reduce undue volatility, Governor Raghuram Rajan said after the policy review on Tuesday.
He added such a policy would mean that the central bank would typically intervene on both sides of the exchange rate.
The rupee has risen in recent months and in the process has maintained its parity with the dollar seen at the beginning of the year, Dr Rajan told reporters in Mumbai.
The rupee has gained 1.89 per cent against the dollar in the month to date and 2.93 per cent in the past six months, as per Thomson Reuters data.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

http://usat.ly/1rFbIPbEbola stocks soar after infection hits U.S.
By: Matt Krantz September 30, 2014 5:56 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Shares of companies working on Ebola treatments are soaring in after-hours trading after the Center for Disease Control and Prevention said there’s been a first case of the infection in the U.S.
U.S.-traded shares of Canada-based firm Tekmira Pharmaceuticals (TKMR) are up 23% in after-hours trading to $25.90. The company is working on an ebola fighting drug code-named TKM-Ebola that in trial phase. Shares of Tekmira gained 46 cents, or 2%, to $21.14 during regular trading.
Another big gainer on the news is biotech Sarepta Therapeutics (SRPT) . Shares are up $1.67, or 8%, to $22.77 in after-hours trading. Shares closed at $21.10, down 38 cents, or 1.8%. The Cambridge, Mass.-based firm specializes on developing treatment for rare and contagious diseases.
And then there’s BioCryst Pharmaceuticals (BCRX). The stock is up 11.5% in after-hours trading to $10.90. Shares skidded 71 cents, or 7%, to $9.78 during regular trading. The biotech company based in Durham, N.C. develops a range of treatments for infectious diseases, including the flu.

India s food security concern at WTO needs solution: Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Barack Obama  Narendra Modi work to deepen improving US-India tiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Inter-agency group to address Indo-US nuclear trade issuesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi seeks easier access for Indian service companies to US economyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Quartz Daily BriefEurope editionEbola reaches US  Hong Kong protests swell  UK bombs IS  Tetris: The MovieOctober 1, 2014
What to watch for today
The Hong Kong protests swell. After a rain-soaked night, the China National Day holiday begins, allowing more people to join the so-called umbrella revolution. Demonstrators booed the Chinese flag and jeered chief executive C.Y. Leung —but their demands for his resignation are unlikely to succeed .
Oil prices could start slipping. The US Energy Information Administration will publish a report on how much crude oil the US is stockpiling. Investors say reserves have increased by 1.5 million barrels in just one week, potentially driving the price of oil to below $90 a barrel.
Shanghai’s polluters face astronomical fines. China’s largest city will start enforcing what it claims is the “ strictest air protection law ” in the country. Maximum fines will reach 500,000 yuan ($81,450)—five times the current level, and some businesses could be shut down until they comply.
Try the new Windows. Microsoft will make available a “technical preview” of Windows 10, which it announced on Tuesday , skipping Windows 9. The final release will be in mid-to-late 2015. The highlight feature is the return of the familiar start menu that, to many users’ annoyance, disappeared in Windows 8.
While you were sleeping
Ebola reached the United States… An unnamed man was  diagnosed with the Ebola virus  in Dallas, Texas, after coming to the US from Liberia. The head of the US Centers for Disease Control said he has “ no doubt we will stop this in its tracks ,” and indeed it is almost impossible for the disease to spread in the United States—but  shares of drug firms  spiked anyway.
…As Nigeria got its outbreak under control. All known Ebola patients in the country are now being treated and no new cases have been reported for a month. Senegal has also not had any new cases for a month, and its only patient has recovered.
The UK joined the battle against the Islamic State. The Royal Air Force said its jets destroyed an armored truck and a “heavy weapon position ” in Iraq. Kurdish forces said the attacks helped them win control of an area near the Iraq-Syria border .
China and Japan factory activity was steady. China’s official purchasing managers’ index was 51.1 in September , the same as in August. Japan’s Markit/JMMA PMI ticked down slightly to 51.7 from 52.2 the previous month.
Reddit tapped celebrities and Silicon Valley for funding. The social media site raised $50 million from rapper Snoop Dogg and actor Jared Leto along with venture capitalists  Marc Andreessen and Peter Thiel, valuing it at a reported $500 million . Investors will also give 10% of their shares to Reddit users, who monitor the site and perform crucial maintenance tasks.
Quartz obsession interlude
Lily Kuo on how Hong Kong’s protest has spread beyond students. “What started as a pro-democracy movement mainly among the city youth—sparked by student activists as well as another pro-democracy group, Occupy Hong Kong—is starting to capture a broad cross-section of the city’s population of seven million. … Teachers in at least 31 secondary schools are boycotting classes … one of the city’s most influential trade groups, the Hong Kong Confederation of Trade Unions, has called on workers to strike and demonstrate at protest sites.”  Read more here .
Matters of debate
The rich are so rich they’re invisible. And that’s why normal people don’t care about the wealth gap  (paywall).
Putin can be stopped… Boost NATO spending and force the EU to adopt a cohesive energy policy.
…So can the Islamic State. Offer a disenfranchised youth alternatives to radicalization .
There’s one surefire way to ensure uncorrupt officials. Make them post their finances online , like this official in China.
Unemployment is undermining marriage. Young Americans are unlikely to wed someone who  doesn’t have a steady paycheck .
Surprising discoveries
Climate change can alter gender birth ratios. Male fetus deaths spike in months with extreme weather .
An eight-decker ice cream cone is on sale in Japan. It’s a precarious bargain at 390 yen ($3.60).
Sweden’s sewage is under surveillance. Sensors in Stockholm detect bomb-making chemicals .
The game of Tetris has a plot. At least Hollywood thinks it does .
Paper or paper? Single-use plastic bags are now banned in California .
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, video game screenplays, and structurally sound ice cream cones to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Infosys  Stanford team up for research in data science  analyticsInfosys, Stanford team up for research in data science, analytics
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 1:  
Infosys and Stanford University’s Institute for Computational & Mathematical Engineering (ICME) announced a strategic relationship late on Tuesday to develop curriculum in data science and analytics.
The focus would be on real-world problem areas and will undertake joint research using data science to find solutions to key industry issues said an exchange filing from Infosys.
Vishal Sikka, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, Infosys, said in the statement: “Rapid advances in computing and technology have placed many powerful algorithms only a few clicks away. Gaining meaningful insights from large volumes of data has however become harder, as the deluge of data continues to outpace the gains in technology. We look forward to conducting meaningful research with world-class researchers on issues of most importance to our clients and their business of today and tomorrow."
These modules will draw upon identified needs of customers drawn from Infosys’ engagement with enterprises across industries and will undertake joint research to apply Data Science and Analytics to solve industry issues.
While Infosys will gain access to talent at ICME through this arrangement, students from Stanford would be encouraged to participate in InStep, Infosys’ internship program and explore career opportunities.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

After Indo-US summit on Mars  Barack Obama-Narendra Modi meet on earthE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

United Engineers shares halted amid stake talksAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

ECB pushed to take junk loan bundlesMario Draghi pushes for ECB to accept Greek and Cypriot ‘junk’ loan bundles
By Claire Jones and Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bd06522-48ad-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Flexible funding neededSeptember 30, 2014 4:59 pm
Europe needs a more flexible financial market
By Huw van Steenis
Europe needs to channel non-bank funding to businesses and infrastructure, writes Huw van Steenis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b43a8ee-3f5c-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hollande warns France of spending cutsHollande warns France of tough spending cuts
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris and Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a62cff0-4897-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spain hopes for budget surplus from 2016Spain hopes to run budget surplus from 2016
By Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/45284810-48a7-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yen hits six year low of Y110 per dollarAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Brussels hits at Apples Irish tax dealsBrussels criticises Apple’s Irish tax deals
By Alex Barker in Brussels, Vanessa Houlder in London and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a13e17e-4878-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM s US visit: FDI flood on the way | CoverageNarendra Modi
(While several American…)
NEW YORK | WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's breakfast diplomacy with 17 top US CEOs, presiding over ten trillion dollars in assets or revenues, would soon set the cash registers ringing at India's FDI front-desk.
Laurence D Fink, CEO at one of the world's largest investment management firms, BlackRock which oversees $4.32 trillion in assets, assured the prime minister that the firm could facilitate investments worth over $6 billion into the country by early next year. One of the CEOs who met the PM minutes before Fink, told Modi that his firm is looking to invest over half a billion dollars 'in a short while' to set up a big manufacturing facility in India for injectable drugs.
Some of the chief executives talked at length about wanting to invest in India's food chain and agriculture-related sectors, according to officials present at the meeting while others were eager to invest in infrastructure and energy and sought clarity from the PM on the way forward after the Supreme Court's judgement on coal block allocations.
"The general sentiment was that India is back on CEOs' global investment radar, they had dusted off their India dossiers and done their homework before meeting the PM and discussing specific concerns," said Ajay Banga, president and CEO of Mastercard, who attended the breakfast meeting along with the likes of PepsiCo chief Indra Nooyi and Citibank chief executive Michael Corbat.
While the PM met top bosses from 11 large Fortune 500 firms over the breakfast meet (where he himself didn't eat owing to his Navratra fast) on Monday, he met Fink and other large investors like KKR and Goldman Sachs in one-on-one meetings that lasted 20 to 25 minutes each.
"The responses of most of those present were very enthusiastic. One of the CEOs said that India was a different place at 6 am the day following the election results and there is a great desire now to participate in India's growth," said the official spokesperson for the foreign ministry.
"There were others who said they wanted accelerated engagement in India and some said that they had capacities to create wealth from waste in areas like energy and solid waste," the spokesperson said.
BlackRock offered to work with the Indian government and host a major investment conference in India early next year to be attended by major investors from all across the globe, which is likely to become an annual affair.
"BlackRock (CEO) told the PM that based on their experience of similar conferences in the past, the first effort would yield investment opportunities of something in the vicinity of $6 billion, if they worked towards it over the next few months," the spokesperson said.
While several CEOs raised concerns about specific issues that worry them about investing in the country, the PM's articulate and sharp responses on those allayed most of those, said Banga.
On their biggest concern of India's unpredictable tax regime, the PM assured CEOs that he was committed to a stable tax regime and it was his conviction that this was necessary for investments to flow.
Pharma sector CEOs such as Merck's Kenneth Frazier and Hospira's Michael Ball are learnt to have flagged their apprehensions about India's intellectual property regime. While responding to their specific worries, the PM raised the discussion to a whole new level, according to Banga.
"I understand that you want to be compensated for your investments in R&D. At the same time, India needs medicines that are affordable for its population," the PM is understood to have said, stressing that this is not just about India but the entire world that is grappling with new diseases. "Mankind needs continuous research and development of new drugs for a higher quality of life.
You need to be able to devote the right energy to that, not just by changing the formulation of a drug to sustain a patent, but by inventing things that make a difference to mankind," Modi told them.
The foreign ministry spokesperson said that the PM also set to rest worries about India's energy sector expressed by some prospective investors, especially in the light of the Supreme Court verdict to scrap all allocations made in the past two decades.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Facebook founder Zuckerberg to visit India later this monthFacebook founder Zuckerberg to visit India later this month
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 1:  
After Sheryl Sandberg, it's now the turn of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to visit India, the second biggest market for the social networking giant, later this month.
Zuckerberg, who will also meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi, will be in India to address the first Internet.org summit taking place on October 9-10 in the city.
The young billionaire is expected to meet members of other key ministries as well.
Zuckerberg is the third high profile CEO of a US-based corporation, after Amazon’s Jeff Bezos and Microsoft’s Satya Nadella, to visit India in the last few days.
‘Internet.Org’ aims to make Internet access affordable for people across the globe.
Focussed on enabling the next five billion people without Internet access to come online, the founding members of the project include Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm and Samsung.
The partners are collaborating on developing lower-cost, higher-quality smartphones and deploying Internet access in under-served communities.
The Internet.org summit will bring together experts, officials and industry leaders to focus on ways to deliver more Internet services for people in languages other than English.
Zuckerberg will also meet Modi to talk about how Facebook and the Indian Government can collaborate on Internet.org.
In July, Facebook’s Chief Operating Officer Sandberg visited India. She had met Modi, who has effectively used social networking during his election campaign, and later even in governance.
When Modi met Sandberg, he had suggested the use of Facebook for improving governance, better interaction between people and the Government, and to attract more tourists to India.
India is an important market for the social networking company. With over one billion users globally, the company gets over 100 million users from India. Many of these users log onto the Web site from their mobile devices.
According to research firm eMarketer, the number of users in India will touch 108.9 million by the end of the year as compared to 77.8 million in 2013.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Maruti Suzuki India September sales up 4.6% at 1 09 742 unitsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Narendra Modi to US Inc: Come soon to  Make in India   before it s too latePM Narendra Modi to US Inc: Come soon to 'Make in India', before it's too late
PTI | Washington | Updated:  Oct 01 2014, 12:29  IST
Oct 01 2014, 12:29  IST
 

Maruti Suzuki India September sales up 4.6%Maruti Suzuki India September sales up 4.6%
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 01, 2014 11:05 AM IST
The country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India today reported 4.6% increase in its total sales in September 2014 at 1,09,742 units as against 1,04,964 units in the same month previous year.
Domestic sales during the month stood at 99,290 units, up 9.8% from 90,399 units in September previous year, Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) said in a statement.
Sales of mini passenger cars, including Alto, A-Star and WagonR were down 13.4% at 35,547 units as against 41,061 units in the same month previous year.
MSI said during the month, sales of its compact cars, comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire were at 43,304 units as against 36,679 units in the year-ago month, up 18.1%.
Dzire Tour sales were at 1,221 units as against 857 units in September last year, up 42.5%.
During the month, the company said it dispatched 1,375 units of the soon-to-be-launched sedan Ciaz.
The company's sales of utility vehicles, including Ertiga and Gypsy were at 5,980 units as against 2,657 units, up 125.1%.
Van sales, consisting of Omni and Eeco, were at 11,863 units as compared to 8,767 units in the previous year, up 35.3%, it said.
Exports in September were down 28.2% to 10,452 units from 14,565 units in the same month previous year, the company said.

Xi Jinping unlikely to get directly involved in HKXi Jinping embraces old guard as Hong Kong challenges party rule
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
China president unlikely to get directly involved
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1bacc8cc-48a6-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Thousands take to Hong Kong streetsHong Kong marks National Day with protests
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/83f90ad2-48bd-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

TABcab to honour ISRO scientists by carrying messages & photosPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 1, 2014 11:39 am
To honour ISRO scientists for their achievement of the Mars Orbiter Mission, TABcab, city’s fleet of radio cabs, will display on its 200 vehicles their photos and messages congratulating the space agency.
The messages would felicitate ISRO and also display photographs of scientists and ‘Mangalyaan’, the spacecraft, TABcab said in a release here.
This exercise is being undertaken to celebrate the great achievement and pay respects to the scientists who have created a history in Space studies, the release said.
“The achievement has swept the entire nation with a feeling of pride and happiness. ISRO is the first one across the globe to successfully accomplish the Mars Mission in a record time of three years and within a budget of Rs 450 crore,” said the release.
Jagdish Purohit, Managing Director, TABcab said “the achievement of ISRO’s M-O-M has astonished nations across the globe for India’s competencies in numerous areas like research, project management, execution and technology.
“TABcab’s effort through this initiative is not only to honour ISRO but also to salute their contribution in creating history in space studies,” he added.

India would add 300 mn internet users by 201...India would add close to 300 million internet users by 2018, says report by McKinsey & Company, Facebook
ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 11.15AM IST
Tags:
Facebook
(From 2008 to 2013, the country’s…)
India would add close to 300 million internet users by 2018 to make up an online population of just under 500 million people, according to a new report.
Internet adoption in India is showing steady growth, but currently it is only 15%, said the report published by McKinsey & Company and Facebook.
Expansion of mobile coverage, urbanisation, dropping data and device prices, growing middle class and the increasing utility of Internet will drive growth.
From 2008 to 2013, the country's Internet population has grown by 30% cagr and by 2013, about 189 mn Indians were online, the report said.
Nearly a third of the non Internet using population come from rural areas, 43% of them are illiterate and 54% of them are female, said the report published ahead of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg's visit to India in this month.
During Zuckerberg's visit to India between October 9-10, he will speak at the Content and Usability Summit hosted by Facebook promoted Internet.org.
The report pointed out that low income was one of the key barriers to Internet adoption.
"Our consumption basket analysis revealed that even with the low absolute prices of devices and data plans compared with the rest of the world, Internet access in India remains beyond the grasp of close to 950 million people," said the report which assessed 25 countries.
India's literacy rate, at 62% is also a barrier to Internet adoption. "Even if India's rural and illiterate population were to gain access to sufficient coverage, they would still need to obtain basic literacy and digital skills before they could navigate the Web," the report pointed out. It also added that the lack of Infrastructure is another barrier to Internet adoption.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong democracy activists are offering their umbrellas to rain-soaked policeThe Future of Hong Kong
October 1, 2014
HONG KONG—Relations between Hong Kong’s police force and the tens of thousands of pro-democracy protestors holding parts of the city hostage are getting a little better. Two demonstrators were photographed last night  using their umbrellas to shelter officers from the rain, a stark contrast to images of police firing tear gas at demonstrators a few nights before.
On Facebook, one user wrote , “There’s no need to brand all police officers as cold blooded murderous animals. We should be fair and calm. Many police have consciences.”
Public anger at authorities for firing tear gas at unarmed protesters, many of them secondary students, helped escalate the so-called “umbrella revolution” that is now in its fourth day. Now, police and protesters alike are treating each other a bit more kindly.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Protesters tied green ribbons along fences Causeway Bay, in Hong Kong, to symbolize police and protesters coming together.(Quartz)
Activists have started tying green ribbons around the city to symbolize the coming together of blue (the police), and yellow (the demonstrators). In yesterday’s midday heat, protesters in central Hong Kong were seen offering police cooling gel pads . Local residents have also posted photos of police and protesters chatting civilly.
Another photo has circulated showing a policeman helping a protester wash his eyes out  after being pepper sprayed. Since Sunday, police have kept their distance from the demonstrators, staying only on the outskirts of the roads the protesters have occupied.
It may be that some police privately agree with the protesters’ cause . Earlier this week, a police officer stepped out of a police van to speak to demonstrators in central Hong Kong. “We are also Hong Kong people. We also have family…and things we wish to say but can’t. But we have responsibilities as police. We hope we can mutually respect each other,” he told them.  The protesters yelled and clapped approvingly.
Share this:

Alcohol  sex  chocolate or the internet: what Indians would rather haveOctober 1, 2014
How much exactly do Indians love the Internet? Dearly.
An international survey by Indian communication services provider Tata Communications show that Indians end up spending more time on the Internet than most of their global counterparts. The survey had a total of 9,417 respondents from six countries: India, US, UK, Singapore, Germany and France.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Around 14% of  Indians spent more than 12 hours a day on the Internet—that is double the global rate.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Only 44% of Indian users said they could live without Internet access for 12 hours—lowest among the countries surveyed.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Fifty three percent of Indians miss the Internet while 18% of them feel anxious when they don’t have access to it. Such dependance on Internet is not seen in the other countries surveyed.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Indians are least willing to give up sex for internet access. They would give up television without blinking an eye. The survey shows that 43% of Indians are wiling to give up watching television in exchange for Internet access. But only 19% are willing to give up alcohol and 4% are willing to turn celibate—lowest among all the countries surveyed.
This abiding passion for the Internet is good news for the companies such as Google and Facebook which are trying to tap into India’s growing Internet user base. Rajan Anandan, Google India’s managing director, expects Internet users in India to  go past the US  by the end of 2014.
Google recently launched its Android One—a Nexus-like program for inexpensive smartphones—hoping to get  millions of Indians on the Internet for the first time . There are still 1 billion people in India who don’t have access to the Internet, according to Google’s Sundar Pichai, vice president of Android, Chrome and Google Apps.
But such obsession with Internet might be getting a bit out of hand already.
A research by National Institute of Mental Health  and Neurosciences found that  73% of teenagers in Bangalore are affected by psychiatric distress  with Internet addiction as one of the main reasons behind it.
As a result, several Internet de-addiction centres are sprouting in India. The concept—popular in the US—is relatively new in India but is getting traction.
Youngsters, who are taken to such centres, spend long hours browsing the web, often get agitated when they don’t have access to it and even  steal money to go out to cyber cafes . India’s first such centre was opened in Bangalore which was followed by Delhi and, most recently, in  Punjab .
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Come soon before it is too late  Modi tells US cosCome soon before it is too late, Modi tells US cos
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi
Washington, Oct 1:  
Asserting that India is on the move to becoming a country with a business-friendly environment, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has exhorted top US corporates to establish and expand their base in India before it is too late.
“Take the benefit of the fast paced development and changes in the Indian economy,” Modi said in his address yesterday to American businesses urging them to take advantage of India’s growing economy to foster mutual prosperity.
“Together we will reach new heights of development and growth,” Modi said at the event organised by the US-India Business Council (USIBC).
“I invite you all. I invite you all for ‘Make in India’,” he added.
Referring to a speech he made to the business community in the 2009 Vibrant Gujarat Summit, he said, “At that time, I had said that do not delay (in coming to Gujarat), the queue might be too long too soon and you might be left behind“.
“Today I am saying the same thing with confidence — that the queue would be too long too soon,” Modi said.
Among those present at the meeting were World Bank President, Jim Yong Kim, External Affairs Minister, Sushma Swaraj, and several top corporate leaders from both the US and India, including Mukesh Ambani.
USIBC chairman, Ajay Banga, who is also MasterCard CEO, said India under Modi is experiencing a new chapter of growth.
And encouraged by the steps taken by the new Indian government in its first three months, the USIBC has identified upwards of USD 41 billion slated for investment from members over the next two to three years, he said.
“The best days of US-India relations are coming,” Banga said.
“What a difference one election can make,” Banga added.
The US Chamber of Commerce President, Tom Donohue, in his brief remarks welcomed Modi’s commitment to replace “red tape with red carpet“.
In his speech, which he delivered in Hindi with simultaneous interpretation in English, Modi said even if there is no red carpet, he would ensure that there is no red tape in his country.
He assured American investors and businesses that in the next six months, he would implement all the things necessary for ease of business in the country.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Gold  silver futures fall on weak global cuesGold, silver futures fall on weak global cues
PTI
New Delhi, Oct 1:  
Gold and silver futures moved down as speculators trimmed positions amid a weak global trend.
Gold futures fell 0.60 per cent to Rs 26,965 per 10 gram today while silver futures moved down by 1.11 per cent to Rs 38,859 per kg.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold prices for delivery in October were trading lower by Rs 164, or 0.60 per cent, at Rs 26,965 per 10 gram in a business turnover of 273 lots. On similar lines, metal prices for delivery in December eased by Rs 154, or 0.57 per cent, to Rs 26,818 per 10 gram in 273 lots.
Silver for delivery in March next year traded lower by Rs 436, or 1.11 per cent, to Rs 38,859 per kg in a business turnover of one lot. Similarly, the white metal for delivery in December declined by Rs 310, or 0.80 per cent, to Rs 38,206 per kg in a business volume of 798 lots.
Market analysts said the fall in gold and silver futures was mostly due to a weak overseas market where it fell to the lowest since January as the outlook for higher US interest rates and a stronger dollar cut demand for precious metals as hedges against inflation.
Meanwhile, gold traded 0.19 per cent lower at USD 1,206.40 an ounce in Singapore. Silver traded 0.47 per cent down at USD 16.89 an ounce, the lowest since March 2010.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Sensex down 28 points; metals  oil & gas stocks dragTweet
Mumbai, Oct 1:  
Sensex closed with a loss of 63 points with investors preferring to stay on the sidelines with the markets remaining close for the next five days.
The benchmark index opened on the positive side at 26,681 against the previous close of 26,631. It made a high of 26,684 and low of 26,548 before closing at 26,568. Turnover on BSE was down Rs 2,680 crore against Rs 3,821 crore recorded on Tuesday.
In NSE, Nifty was down 19 points at 7,946.
Foreign portfolio investors’ investment in shares was down six per cent at Rs 5,103 crore in September against Rs 5,430 crore in August. In last nine months, FPIs have bought shares worth Rs 83,438 crore.
Shares of Tata Group companies were under heavy selling pressure. While Tata Steel and Tata Power were down five pre cent at four per cent, Tata Motors fell two per cent.
Bank stocks dipped for the second in a row after Reserve Bank of India retained key bank rates in its credit policy announced on Tuesday. Some of the bank stocks that were down in a volatile trade include ICICI Bank (-0.47%), Axis Bank (-0.81%), State Bank of India (-0.79%) and HDFC Bank (-0.38%).
Shares of Maruti Suzuki dipped three per cent to Rs 2,969. The company on Tuesday said it will proactively inspect and repair the wiring harness fitment of 69,555 diesel vehicles (55,938 units of old Dzire, 12,486 units of old Swift and 1,131 units of Ritz) manufactured between March, 2010 and August, 2013.
Rupee depreciation against dollar helped IT stocks to gain. As many as five top IT companies including Wipro, Infosys, HCL Tech, Tata Consultancy and Tech Mahindra hit their 52-week high.
Some of the major gainers include Berger Paints (5%), Bata India (5%), Suzlon (5%), Jubilant Foods (4%), Bharat Electronics (3%) and Wipro (3%).
Major losers were Infratel (-4%), Sobha (-3%), Maruti (-3%), MRF (-3%), Apollo Tyres (-3%) and IndusInd Bank (-3%).
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Markets rangebound; ITC  RIL down over 1%Markets rangebound; ITC, RIL down over 1%
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 11:43 AM IST
Benchmark indices are largely trading flat in a narrow range reflecting the mixed trends of the global markets. Further, losses in  heavyweights, ITC and Reliance have capped gains in IT majors including Wipro,Infosys and TCS.
 
At 11.40Hrs, Sensex is trading at 26,606 with a loss of 24 points, while Nifty is at 7,954 with a loss of 11 points. 
 
In the broader markets, both BSE Mid cap and Small Cap indices are outperforming the large counterparts with gains of 0.13% and 0.18%, each.
 
Market breadth is marginally positive on the BSE with 1186 advances against 1125 declines.
 
On Monday, September 3, 2014 FIIS were the net buyers with net sales of around 232 crores.
 
Local Currency:
 
Rupee is trading at 61.75. The rupee fell as low as 61.95 per dollar on Wednesday, its weakest level since March 4, as traders unwound positions ahead of holidays and at a time when the US Dollar is gaining globally.
 
Asian Markets:
 
Worries about Hong Kong protests weighs heavily on Asian markets. Hong Kong's Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying faces a deadline to respond to demands for his resignation and for free elections in the city as pro-democracy protests entered a sixth day. 
 
On account on National Day Chinese markets are closed today. On September, 30 2014, Shanghai Composite closed with a gain of 0.2% while Hang Seng registered a decilne of 1.2%
 
On a positive note, as per official release, China official PMI data is around 51.1 suggesting steady domestic demand benefiting large factories.
 
Choppy trade at Nikkei, trading flat at 16,166, comes on back of a weak yen supporting sentiment while mixed data from the Bank Of Japan's tankan survey- improved business confidence among manufacturers diluted by he lingering impact of hike in slaes tax  on services sector- dragging te market. Meanwhile, Strait Times Index has lost 0.3% and is trading at 1,592.
 
Sectors and Hot stocks:
 
BSE IT and Teck indices are the biggest gainers with advances of 1.5% and 1.2% respectively.
 
Fall in global crude prices,  with Brent tumbling to its lowest since July 2012, result of excessive supply has brought oil companies shares in focus. However, BSE Oil and Gas index is trading with a loss of 0.7%.
 
Among other indices, BSE Power and Healthcare indices are trading in the positive territory with gains in the range of 0.3% to 0.6%.
 
On profit booking, Sensex heavyweight HDFC group shares have declined by 0.7%. Other major players like ITC and Reliance are also down by 1.4% pulling down the overall market.
 
However, depreciating rupee has firmed up the IT stocks. Wipro has gained 2.5% on the back getting approval to set up SEZs in Andhra Pradesh while TCS has gained 1.7%
 
Furtherance of tie-up between Infosys and Oracle in addition to the news of Infosys collaboration with Stanford University to Accelerate Education and Research in Data Science and Analytics has advanced its stocks by around 1.2%.
 
SBI which gained after increasing the retail term deposit rates to 6% for amounts below Rs 1 Crore during morning trades is presently trading with a loss of 0.1%.
 
Hero MotoCorp has risen 1.1% after the company said that the company has clocked sales of 6 lakh units of two-wheelers in the month of September 2014.
 
With the core sector growth getting around 5.6% and growth in coal output rising by 13% in the month of August, stocks of Coal India are back in demand. It is trading with a gain of 0.5%
 
Among other shares, aviation stocks have rallied by up to 6% on the bourse today as state-owned oil companies reduced the price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF) or jet fuel by a steep 3% on the back of falling international oil rates.
 
Shares of Spicejet has surged 6% to Rs 13.01, while Kingfisher Airlines locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 2.15 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).  Similarly, Jet Airways up nearly 5% to Rs 218
 

Smart Portfolios enters seventh seasonSmart Portfolios enters seventh season
Puneet Wadhwa | New Delhi Oct 01, 2014 11:30 AM IST
Smart Portfolios, a virtual stock game, has entered its seventh season today. Business Standard started Smart Portfolios, a year-long exercise, six years ago as an educational initiative for our readers where professional investors run phantom portfolios.
Our readers, too, can participate in Smart Portfolios by creating their ghost portfolios. They can enjoy the benefit of learning how to manage portfolios by keeping tabs on the fund managers' movements.
Click here to play the game
The experts will continue to provide guidance and leadership to SmartInvestors and our visitors on how they pick stocks and allocate funds across sectors and investments. This educational initiative will help you understand the nuances of the market and take more informed investment decisions. Keep up with what the experts are doing every day.
Keeping in mind the market rally and the numerous requests we received in the last season, we have raised the virtual capital amount to Rs 15 lakh in the seventh edition – a huge 50% jump as compared to the last season!
Joining us this this season are four well-known fund managers from across top brokerages and research houses in the country – Mehraboon Irani, Principal and Head - Private Client Group (PCG), Nirmal Bang Securities; Mayuresh Joshi, Vice President – Institution, Angel Broking; Rahul Shah, Vice President -Group Leader-Equity Advisory Group, Motilal Oswal and Sachin Shah, Fund Manager, Emkay Investment Managers.
Rules
Here are some of the rules for the new season. However, for a complete list you can click here
The duration of the activity will be for one year, starting October 1, 2014 and ending on September 30, 2015. The transaction cost is fixed at 0.25% for each leg of trade.
Each of the fund manager will have a phantom portfolio of Rs 15 lakh in notional value, which can be invested either in stocks or held in cash.
The fund manager can hold 100 per cent cash in his portfolio, though it will not earn any return. The fund manager cannot invest more than 10% of the corpus at any time in one stock. However, there is no limitation on the number of stocks a fund manager can hold in the portfolio.
The fund manager cannot invest more than 50% of his portfolio value in mid-cap stocks. However, the fund manager can continue holding on to mid-caps in case the value appreciates.
Approved stocks

OMCs getting Rs 1.90/litre margin on dieselOMCs make Rs 1.90/litre margin on diesel
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 02, 2014 12:47 AM IST
The gains registered by oil marketing companies (OMCs) on diesel sales have jumped five times to Rs 1.90 a litre from 35 paise a litre a fortnight ago.
The gains are a result of continued monthly price rises since January 2013 and an ongoing slump in global crude oil prices.
“The overrecovery on high speed diesel (HSD) applicable for the first fortnight of October, effective October 1, is now Rs 1.90 a litre. The over-recovery (profit) was Rs 0.35 a litre during the second fortnight of September,” the petroleum ministry stated.
ALSO READ:  Despite climb to price parity, diesel still risky for retailers
 
OMCs’ underrecoveries (losses) on Public Distribution System (PDS) kerosene have come down to Rs 31.22 a litre from Rs 32.67 a litre a fortnight ago. Losses on domestic liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) have declined to Rs 405 a cylinder, compared to Rs 428 a cylinder last month.
The Indian basket of crude oil prices had dropped from a high of $115 a barrel in June this year to $95 a barrel on Tuesday. A demand cut from the largest consumer, China, coupled with an over-supply in the global market has driven crude rates southwards.
The previous United Progressive Alliance government had decided in January 2013 to decontrol diesel prices in phases through a monthly price increase of 50 paise a litre until domestic rates achieved market parity. Since then, prices have been increased by a cumulative Rs 11.81 a litre, in 19 instalments.
ALSO READ:  Why diesel cars still make sense
 
Despite the over-recovery on diesel sales, the OMCs on Tuesday refrained from announcing any price cut, in view of the coming Assembly elections in Haryana and Maharashtra and a pending decision on diesel decontrol.
The OMCs are now incurring a combined daily underrecovery of Rs 156 crore on the sale of PDS kerosene and domestic LPG. This is lower than the Rs 190 crore a day of underrecoveries in the previous fortnight. The oil firms registered total under recoveries of Rs 28,691 crore for the first quarter of the current financial year. The losses were Rs 139,869 crore in FY14.

Chana October futures may trade on mixed note: AngelLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Chana October futures may trade on mixed note: Angel
According to Angel Commodities, Chana October futures is expected to trade on a mixed note. Lower level demand as well as festive buying may lend support to the prices, says the report.
Post your opinion here
 
Angel Commodities' report on Chana
Supplies of Chana since past one year has been ample as the country reaped bumper Chana output in 2012-13 season. For 2013-14 too, the government in their fourth advance estimates has projected record output of at 9.88 mn tonnes in the Rabi season.
Chana would however, continue to retain the tag of largest produced pulse crop in India holding a lion’s share of 48-50 percent in total Indian Pulses production.
According to India Pulses and Grains Association, Apr-Dec’13 stood at import 2.4 mn tn vs 2.8 mn tn last year. In value terms, India imported $2.3 billion of pulses in 2012-13, almost 28% higher over $1.85 billion in the preceding year. However, imports in 2013-14 season may decline 11% to 3.2 mn tn on expectations of higher output.
According to APEDA, Pulses exports (kabuli chana) between Apr-Feb ’14 rose 228% to 517,095 tn as against 157,799 tn between Apr-Feb ’13.
Outlook
Chana October futures may trade on a mixed note. Lower level demand as well as festive buying may lend support to the prices. However, ample supplies and huge stocks of chana coupled with higher imports of yellow peas and better than expected kharif pulses sowing may keep prices under check.
For all commodities report, click here
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Ashoka Buildcon gets provisional completion certificate for its project in OrissaOct 01, 2014, 12.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ashoka Buildcon gets provisional completion certificate for its project in Orissa
Ashoka Buildcon has informed that one of its SPVs viz. Ashoka Sambalpur Baragarh Tollway Limited, has received Provisional Completion Certificate for its National Highway project viz. Four Laning of Sambalpur-Baragarh-Orissa/Chattisgarh Border Section in the State of Orissa to be executed on BOT (Toll) Project on DBFOT pattern under NHDP Phase III.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ashoka Buildcon gets provisional completion certificate for its project in Orissa
Ashoka Buildcon has informed that one of its SPVs viz. Ashoka Sambalpur Baragarh Tollway Limited, has received Provisional Completion Certificate for its National Highway project viz. Four Laning of Sambalpur-Baragarh-Orissa/Chattisgarh Border Section in the State of Orissa to be executed on BOT (Toll) Project on DBFOT pattern under NHDP Phase III.
Post your opinion here
 
Ashoka Buildcon Ltd has informed BSE that one of its SPVs viz. Ashoka Sambalpur Baragarh Tollway Limited, has received Provisional Completion Certificate for its National Highway project viz. Four Laning of Sambalpur-Baragarh-Orissa/Chattisgarh Border Section of NH-6 KM 0.00 to KM 88.00 (Length 88.00 KM) in the State of Orissa to be executed on BOT (Toll) Project on DBFOT pattern under NHDP Phase III", and the Toll Collection has commenced from midnight (00.00 hours) October 01, 2014 (for 73.30 km length of project highway).The total Concession Period is 30 years including Construction Period of 30 months.Source : BSE

Modi  Obama target $500 billion Indo-US tradeHi Guest
Modi, Obama target $500 billion Indo-US trade
Targeting a five-fold jump in Indo-US trade to $500 billion, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama on Wednesday pledged to deepen economic cooperation and will set up a joint program to boost business investment. After two days of talks focused on ways to reinvigorate the US-India relationship through economic, energy and security cooperation, the two sides agreed on $1 billion of concessional financial from the US Export-Import Bank for India's renewable energy development ...

Festive season pushed Maruti s Sep salesHi Guest
Nissan, Honda, Maruti record bumper sales ahead of Diwali
Japanese car maker Nissan Motor has registered a 64.02 per cent jump in its sales in September, 2014, selling 4,145 units from 2,527 units sold during the same month of last year.   Image: Nissan Sunny. Photographs: Courtesy, Indian Autos Blog  For the half year period ending September 30, 2014, the Nissan had sold 25,741 units up by 105.7 per cent, from 12,515 units sold during the same period of previous year, a company statement said. Nissan Motor currently has a manufacturing facility at ...

Jubilant Foodworks inaugurates Domino s Pizza maiden restaurant in UdiapurJubilant Foodworks inaugurates Domino s Pizza maiden restaurant in Udiapur
Factory output grows at lowest pace in nine monthsFactory output grows at lowest pace in nine months
One killed  12 injured in mishap in UPOne killed  12 injured in mishap in UP
Maruti Suzuki sales climb 4.6% in SeptemberMaruti Suzuki sales climb 4.6% in September
Bajaj Auto total sales at 3.9 lakh units in Sept; stock flatBajaj Auto total sales at 3.9 lakh units in Sept; stock flat
Fiscal deficit at 75% of year s estimateFiscal deficit at 75% of year s estimate
Asia drained by HK unrest  China PMI offer minor reliefAsian shares drained by HK unrest, China PMI offer minor relief
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Oct 1:  
Asian shares slumped on Wednesday as continued civil unrest in Hong Kong and a downbeat day on Wall Street sapped confidence, while the dollar index was close to a four-year high after marking its best quarterly gain in six years.
European stocks were expected to follow suit, ahead of manufacturing data for Germany, France, Italy and Spain. Financial spreadbetters expected Britain's FTSE 100 and Germany's DAX to down 0.3 per cent each, and France's CAC 40 to open 0.4 percent lower.
Trading in Asia was subdued with China closed for National Day and investors warily monitoring Hong Kong's pro-democracy unrest, as thousands of protesters stepped up pressure on the city's pro-Beijing government.
A Chinese manufacturing survey offered investors some relief, and helped put a floor under prices. The official Purchasing Managers' Index was unchanged at 51.1 in September, slightly above market expectations, though the world's second largest economy was not out of the woods yet.
"The economy still faces a degree of downward pressure," Chen Zhongtao, an official at the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing, which helps to compile the PMI data, said in a statement.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.3 percent, though above session lows.
Japan's Nikkei stock average ended down 0.6 per cent, despite trading positive for a few hours after the dollar broke above the 110-yen level for the first time since August 2008.
"The Japanese market has been able to escape a blow from a sell-off in emerging market currencies thanks to the weak yen, but you can't stay overly optimistic because it can be a threat," said Norihiro Fujito, a senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.
The Bank of Japan's closely watched tankan survey of business sentiment released before the market opened showed big manufacturers' confidence improved slightly in the latest quarter, but service-sector sentiment worsened, adding to evidence that a sales tax hike continues to weigh on the economy.
The dollar added about 0.2 per cent against the yen to 109.84, after rising to a six-year high of 110.09 yen earlier.
That helped lift the dollar index, by about 0.1 per cent to 85.999, back toward a four-year high of 86.218 touched overnight.
The euro skidded as low as $1.2571 on Tuesday after data showed cooling euro zone inflation, the culmination of a dismal month in which the currency slipped 3.82 per cent - its biggest decline in over two years. It was last down about 0.1 per cent on the day at $1.2620.
Data on Tuesday showed annual inflation cooled to 0.3 per cent last month, well below the European Central Bank's target of just under 2 per cent, increasing speculation the bank will take more easing steps.
The Chinese PMI helped oil crawl off its overnight lows, but crude prices remained pressured by the dollar's momentum. A stronger dollar raises the price of dollar-based commodities for holders of other currencies.
Brent crude added about 0.3 percent on the day to $94.95 a barrel, after marking a 16 percent loss for the quarter, the biggest in two years. US crude added about 0.3 per cent to $91.48 a barrel after shedding 12 per cent for the quarter, also its biggest quarterly loss in two years, and posting its biggest daily decline since 2012.
The stronger dollar also took a toll on gold, which marked its first quarterly loss this year. Spot gold slipped about 0.2 per cent to $1,205.56 an ounce.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Mary Kom gives India first boxing gold at Asian GamesMary Kom gives India first boxing gold at Asian Games
Press Trust of India | Incheon Oct 01, 2014 12:11 PM IST
M C Mary Kom became the first Indian woman boxer to clinch a gold medal at the Asian Games after she came from behind to beat Kazakhstan's Zhaina Shekerbekova in the flyweight (51KG) summit clash Wednesday.
The lone Indian boxer in action today, Mary Kom defeated Shekerbekova 2-0 in a evenly-contested battle in which the Kazakh had the initial advantage.
The five-time world champion and Olympic bronze-medallist shifted gears with ease to come out triumphant in the final analysis. 
Seemingly wary of her rival in the opening round, Kom preferred to keep a distance and invited Shekerbekova to launch the first attack. The Kazakh, however, did not fall for the bait and back-pedaled smoothly to outwit the Indian in the opening two minutes.
Never one to give up easily, Kom reworked her strategy, stunning Shekerbekova with her aggression in the second round. Combining her hooks with uppercuts to Shekerbekova's torso, the Indian pugilist drew level, albeit on a split decision.
The Manipuri mother-of-three, who had won a bronze when women boxers made their debut at the 2010 Asiad and who has been christened 'Magnificent Mary' by the International Boxing Association for her unprecedented feats, began to dominate in the third round and dictated the pace of the proceedings.
Shekerbekova could not come to grips with the tactical shift in Mary Kom's game and could only respond by holding her opponent frequently, for which the referee cautioned her.
Joy and tears for Indian boxers

Obama has given  new dimension  to India-US relationship: ModiObama has given 'new dimension' to India-US relationship: Modi
Press Trust of India | Washington Oct 01, 2014 11:15 AM IST
President Barack Obama, with his ease and humility, has 'given a new dimension' to the India-US relationship, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said.
After several rounds of talks spread over two days in various formats - dinner and official meetings -- Modi was highly appreciative of the personal touch given to the relationship between India and the US.
Yesterday afternoon, soon after their official meeting at the Oval Office, Obama took Modi to the nearby Martin Luther King Jr Memorial.
The two leaders walked to the front, appearing to chat.
Obama gestured a few times and appeared to be commenting on the King statue.
"We were together yesterday and today for quite some time. Today, in fact, he took me around. And with such ease, with such humility, he has given a new dimension to our relations," Modi said in his remarks at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the State Department.
"It is a hugely successful journey that I have undertaken here, and today I got this opportunity to meet all of you here. And I would also like to thank His Excellency President Obama from the core of my heart that you took out a lot of time," Modi said in his remarks.

Jubilant FoodWorks gains 3.5% on expanding presence in IndiaJubilant FoodWorks gains 3.5% on expanding presence in India
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 12:23 PM IST
Shares of Jubilant FoodWorks are trading 3% higher at Rs 1,267 on the BSE after the company announced the inauguration of Domino's Pizza maiden restaurant in Gorakhpur and Udaipur.
 
Domino's Pizza, a market leader in the organized pizza market,  inaugurated its first restaurant in Gorakhpur (UP) and Udaipur (Rajasthan) which are popular tourist destinations.
 
With a network of 795 Domino's Pizza shops in 166 cities, Jubilant Food Works and its subsidiaries have exclusive rights to develop and operate Domino's Pizza brand in India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Nepal.
 
In the last one year, Domino's Pizza exclusively franchised to Jubilan Foodworks in India. has aggressively expanded its presence in the tier II cities of the country, such as Aligarh(UP), Rajamudhry (Andhra Pradesh), Hoshiarpur(Punjab) Belgaum (Karnataka) among others.
 
"Over the last decade, we have been fastest growing food service company in India and have successfully pioneered innovative concepts and products for the Indian taste palette," said Mr Harneet Singh Rajpal, Senior vice-pesident, marketing, Domino's pizza India.
 
On BSE, stocks opened at Rs 1,234 and hit a high of Rs 1,278 while a combined 80,000 shares have changed hands on both BSE and NSE, so far.

Hero Motocorp climbs on strong sales numberHero Motocorp climbs on strong sales number
SI Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 12:07 PM IST
Shares of Hero Motocorp have climbed nearly 2% to Rs 2,890 on the BSE on the back of strong sales in the month of September.
 
The largest two-wheeler maker’s sales soared over 30 percent in September by selling 6 lakh units, aided by strong demand for exciting range of products during the festive season .
 
The company sold 4,68,670 units in September 2013.
 
Further, the company clocked over 1.7 lakh units in retail sales during the first six days of Navaratri (25th Sep-30th Sep).
 
The stock opened at Rs 2,882, touched a high of Rs 2,926 and a low of Rs 2,858 on the BSE. A total of 21,633 shares exchanged hands on the BSE so far.
 

Infosys gains on pact with OracleInfosys gains on pact with Oracle
Capital Market | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 11:54 AM IST
Infosys rose 1.7% to Rs 3,811on BSE after the company said it is extending its relationship with Oracle to enhance support for a range of innovative solutions and services on new technology platforms.
The announcement was made before market hours today, 1 October 2014.
On BSE, so far 6,565 shares were traded in the counter as against average daily volume of 76,000 shares in the past two weeks.
The stock hit a high of Rs 3,798.45 and a low of Rs 3,740.95 so far during the day.
Infosys announced that it is extending its relationship with Oracle to enhance support for a range of innovative solutions and services on new technology platforms. These platforms will enable enterprises to use Oracle products to reshape their business and create new innovative ecosystems, Infosys said in a statement.
Infosys and Oracle will expand their relationship across digital marketing, big data and Oracle Cloud Applications, underpinned by investments from Infosys in Oracle technology.
Separately, Infosys before market hours today, 1 October 2014 announced a strategic relationship with the Institute for Computational & Mathematical Engineering (ICME), Stanford University. Through this arrangement, Infosys will work with ICME to develop curriculum in Data Science and Analytics focused on real-world problem areas and will undertake joint research using Data Science to find solutions to key industry issues.
Infosys' consolidated net profit declined 4% to Rs 2886 crore on 0.8% decline in sales to Rs 12770 crore in Q1 June 2014 over Q4 March 2014.
Infosys is a global leader in consulting, technology and outsourcing solutions.
Powered by Capital Market - Live News

Indian Americans can help India turn into a manufacturing powerhouse: Shalabh `Shalli` KumarShare on Twitter
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States comes at a critical juncture in the history of India. Having promised 'acche din' to the nation, Prime Minister Modi would be looking at attracting investments from US businesses in his endeavour to take India on a double-digit growth path.
In an exclusive interview with Ajith Vijay Kumar of zeenews.com, Chicago-based business tycoon Shalab 'Shalli' Kumar talks about the role Indian Americans can play in the India growth story. He also touches upon other issues like the challenges faced by the Indian American community and the controversy surrounding PM Modi's much publicised reception at Madison Square Garden in New York.
Born in Punjab, Kumar is the chairman of AVG group of companies that designs and manufactures state-of-the-art electronic products.
Founder of the National Indian American Public Policy Institute, a think tank that focuses on issues concerning Indian-Americans and also the Indian Americans for Freedom, a body that works to ensure that Indian Americans have a say in national policy, Kumar is one of the most influential voices in the Indian American community.
Member of the Republican Party, Kumar chairs the Indian American Advisory Council of the House Republican Conference.
Kumar is also one of Modi's staunchest supporters in the US and had taken a delegation of three US lawmakers to Gandhinagar in 2013, a development that put pressure on the US to move ahead and embrace the man who was on his way to become India's next Prime Minister.
What are your expectations from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's forthcoming visit to US?
Emotionally it will get the Indian American Community in the US energized to support India and its new regime. On a more substantive note, here are the two biggest positive outcomes I see:
a. The PM will be able to convince America Inc., the Fortune 100 CEOs one on one, for investing in and trading with India.
b. The PM shall have a good interaction with influential leaders of the Republican party, particularly Chairman Pete Sessions, Chairwoman Cathy M. Rodgers, Chairman Ed Royce and Congressman Aaron Schock to further his Nav-Bharat agenda with like-minded pro-business American leaders in the US Congress.
In your view, what is the strongest and the weakest link in the ties between India and the US?
The strongest link is the fact that the two nations are the largest democracies in the world with established democratic institutions. The weakest link used to be the vote-bank politics in both countries that leads to bad legislation in both countries that hurts trade. It is still there, but hopefully with Sh. Narendra Modi as India’s PM and the resurging Republican Party in the US will fix the problem.
Being a leading Indian American voice, are you satisfied with the preparations for the Madison Square Garden event?
One can never be satisfied, particularly me being a perfectionist. The start was quite rocky, but it has since come a long way. Still there is a significant amount of confusion in the rank and file of Indian Americans. The organizers would have been a lot better off hiring a professional management company doing this. It is still primarily a Gujarati function with a lot of under the table deals and being a Punjabi which is about 25% of all Indian American population in the US, I can tell you that there would not be much participation from the Punjabi community except for token participation. Same goes for other Indian ethnic communities. I do believe Gujaratis would show a lot of enthusiasm to welcome PM as one of their.
The system needs to be a lot more transparent so that there are minimal post PM visit problems. Currently, the way IACF runs with one man dictatorial control without any transparency, it is headed for a lot of disputes and litigation after PM visit is over.
Having built a business empire in the US, do you think Indian businesses are aligned to what is needed to be successful in America?
Indian businesses, both large and small, particularly, SMEs, have all the ingredients that are required to turn India into a manufacturing power house in competition with China. But what is needed is some assistance from either NIAPPI Business Council (NBC) and/or Government of India, to promote the capability of the Indian manufacturers and establish contacts in the American market. Current members of the recently formed NBC, by themselves, import things worth over $10 Billion dollars a year from China.
As founder of the National Indian American Public Policy Institute (NIAPPI), what your views on matters that concern the Indian American community in the US?
The number one issue is the Immigration policies of the US and the S 744 Immigration reform Bill passed by the senate, even making it worse. The other issues are everyday bread and butter issues. One out of seven Indian Americans in the US is an entrepreneur and a businessperson. The current regulatory environment in the US including Obamacare is a huge burden on small businesses. Another item of great concern is a very sluggish economy leaving almost 50% of fresh college graduates unemployed for years. Deficit spending by the US, reaching an 18 Trillion dollar debt is another major concern.
Are Indian Americans a powerful a voice in the US?
Indian Americans can be a very powerful voice in the US, as we are the richest community with highest per capita income. We are almost 50% of the total Jewish population in the US yet we have almost no power at the moment in American policy making process. NIAPPI is set out to change that by educating Indian Americans to be much more politically active. To start with, they need to register to vote and then vote. Currently only 30% of all eligible voters cast their ballots. This education is NIAPPI’s #1 agenda.
Do you support Prime Minister's 'Made in India' initiative?
I like “Made in India” as compared to “Made in China”.
How confident are you about India's growth potential?
If India can get rid of the disease of corruption, which I am confident that PM Modi would curtail dramatically by the end of his first term and mostly get rid of it by the end of his second term, nobody can stop India. Corruption in India is a bigger threat than any military threat or terror threat! Judiciary has to become a lot more active and the powers of the so called regulatory authorities such as Police, Customs and all Taxing bodies, have to be brought under control and review. Political/Election process should be made such that there would be little incentive for corruption and every disincentive for being corrupt. Same should apply to all bureaucrats.
You are known to be one of Prime Minister Modi’s staunchest supporters; is India in safe hands?
Most certainly!

Maruti Suzuki to recall 69 555 cars in IndiaMaruti Suzuki recalls 69,555 units of Dzire, Swift, Ritz
Nivedita Bhattacharjee     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 17:30 IST
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd, India's biggest carmaker , said it will voluntarily recall 69,555 vehicles due to a potentially faulty wiring harness issue.
The company said it would recall diesel cars manufactured between March 8, 2010 and August 11, 2013.
Maruti Suzuki said it will recall 55,938 units of its old model of the Dzire compact sedan, 12,486 units of Swift and 1,131 units of the Ritz hatchback. No other models have been affected, it said.
(Reuters)

Apr-Aug fiscal deficit reaches 75% of full-year targetApril-August fiscal deficit reaches 75% of full-year target
Rajesh Kumar Singh        Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 21:51 IST
Fiscal deficit rose to Rs 3.98 trillion ($64.4 billion) during April-August, or about 74.9 percent of the full-year target, government data showed on Tuesday.
The deficit was 74.6 per cent during the comparable period in the previous fiscal year.
Net tax receipts were at Rs 1.85 trillion in the first five months of the current fiscal year that ends in March 2015.
($1 = 61.77 rupees)

Non-subsidised LPG cylinder price cut by Rs 21; ATF 3%Sep 30, 2014, 09.38 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Non-subsidised LPG cylinder price cut by Rs 21; ATF 3%
A non-subsidised 14.2-kg cooking gas cylinder will now cost Rs 880, down from Rs 901, in Delhi, according to Indian Oil Corp (IOC).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Non-subsidised LPG cylinder price cut by Rs 21; ATF 3%
A non-subsidised 14.2-kg cooking gas cylinder will now cost Rs 880, down from Rs 901, in Delhi, according to Indian Oil Corp (IOC).
Post your opinion here
 
Price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was today cut by Rs 21 per cylinder and that of jet fuel (ATF) by a steep 3 percent on the back of falling international oil rates. This is the third straight reduction in rates of non-subsidised LPG since July.
A non-subsidised 14.2-kg cooking gas cylinder will now cost Rs 880, down from Rs 901, in Delhi, according to  Indian Oil Corp (IOC).
A subsidised LPG cylinder in Delhi costs Rs 414. The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 2,077.62 per kilolitre, or 2.98 per cent, to Rs 67,525.63 per kl, the nation's largest fuel retailer said.
This is the third reduction in jet fuel rates since July. Declining international oil prices have made imports cheaper, resulting in price reduction. In Mumbai, jet fuel costs Rs 69,610.50 per kl as against Rs 71,829.42 per kl previously, IOC said. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of an airline's operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers. No immediate comment was available from airlines on
the impact of the price cut on passenger fares. The three fuel retailers - IOC,  Hindustan Petroleum Corp and  Bharat Petroleum Corp -- revise jet fuel and non-subsidised LPG prices on the first of every month, based on the average international prices in the preceding month.
RELATED NEWS

Americas disabled veterans to get a memorial all their ownBy Thomas Gibbons-Neff September 30 Follow @Tmgneff
Lionel Reyes works at the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial on Monday. A ceremony to dedicate the memorial is scheduled for this weekend. (By Matt McClain/The Washington Post)
When Marine Cpl. Jessie Fletcher lost both his legs in a bombing in Afghanistan on Oct. 17, 2011, he never imagined a memorial that would honor him and so many other veterans like him.
On Sunday, though, the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial , which has been built adjacent to the U.S. Botanic Garden and within view of the Capitol building, will officially open to the public, almost three years to the day after Fletcher was injured.
Through a mixture of granite slabs, glass panels and a single flame flanked by a solemn reflecting pool, the memorial tells the story of veterans from every conflict and from every branch of service who have borne the brunt of battle and lived to carry the visible, and invisible, wounds of war. Designed by architect Michael Vergason, it is dedicated to both the living and the deceased.
For Fletcher, whose long road to recovery began on a windswept hill in southern Afghanistan, the memorial is a recognition of his sacrifice.
“It’s a wonderful feeling knowing that there are people in our country that appreciate the service and contribution that disabled veterans have given,” Fletcher said upon learning of the memorial’s opening. “It’s nice for the caregivers to see as well.”
The American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial, built adjacent to the U.S. Botanic Garden and within view of the Capitol building is set to open Oct. 5, 2014. (American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial)
Initially, over 700 quotes encapsulating disabled veterans’ experiences were collected; after a lengthy review process, 18 were selected for the glass panels, bronze sculptures and granite walls.
“Nothing could be a more melancholy and distressing sight, than to behold those who have shed their blood or lost their limbs in the service of their Country,” reads a quote by George Washington that is engraved on one of the walls.
The memorial’s project executive, Barry Owenby, sees the inscriptions at the 2.4-acre site as emblematic of the disabled veteran’s journey.
“They tell the story,” Owenby explained as he pointed to one of the quotes on a recent day. The glass “shows injury, healing and the rediscovery of purpose.”
The memorial marks the culmination of 16 years of planning that, according to the Disabled Veterans Memorial Foundation, began in 1997 with a conversation between philanthropist Lois Pope and Jesse Brown, then the secretary of veterans affairs.
Brown put Pope, the widow of the founder of the National Enquirer magazine, in touch with Art Wilson, a disabled Vietnam veteran and then-national adjutant of the nonprofit Disabled American Veterans , to discuss issues facing disabled veterans and their families. At one point, Pope asked Wilson where to find the Washington memorial honoring America’s disabled veterans.
When Wilson responded that no such memorial existed, Pope decided she was going to help create one.
Almost two decades and two major wars later, the memorial is ready for the public, with President Obama scheduled to deliver remarks at a formal ceremony Sunday. The lengthy process is typical for any memorial in the nation’s capital, as is the significant investment needed to build it — the foundation raised more than $80 million in donations.
Legislation for the memorial, introduced with bipartisan support in 1998, was signed into law by then President Bill Clinton in October 2000. Since 2005, long-time veterans’ advocate and actor, Gary Sinise, has headed the memorial’s fundraising campaign.
Sinise, who donated some of his own funds to the project, has been involved with Disabled American Veterans since 1994, the same year of the release of “Forrest Gump,” in which Sinise played the role of disabled veteran Lt. Dan Taylor. Following the Sept. 11 attacks, Sinise said he became active working with veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan, and happily agreed when Wilson asked him if he would be interested in being a spokesman for the memorial.
“So many individuals and stories have inspired me over the years and have inspired me to give back,” Sinise said in a recent interview. “I’m just one of many that helped get it done.”
As the opening ceremony nears, Wilson said he believes the memorial will help remind politicians of the realities of war.
The memorial “is for all those that have come before us and all those that will come after,” he said. “It is a lasting reminder of the cost of war and it’s built in this location to give lawmakers the presence of mind of that cost.”
The dedication ceremony for the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial will be held at 11 a.m. Sunday, Oct. 5, at the memorial site, 150 Washington Ave., SW (Washington Ave. & Second St. SW). For more information, go to www.avdlm.org/dedication .
Thomas Gibbons-Neff is a Washington Post contributor and a former U.S. infantry Marine.

Microsoft names its next operating system Windows 10  skips Windows 9 to emphasise advancesSep 30, 2014 at  11:38pm IST
Microsoft names its next operating system Windows 10, skips Windows 9 to emphasise advances
19
1
New Delhi: Microsoft says the next version of its flagship operating system will be called Windows 10, as the company skips version 9 to emphasise advances it is making toward a world centered around mobile devices and Internet services.
The current version, Windows 8, has been widely derided for forcing radical behavioral changes. Microsoft is restoring some of the more traditional ways of doing things and promises that Windows 10 will be familiar for users regardless of which version of Windows they are now using.
Microsoft offered a glimpse of its vision for Windows at a San Francisco event aimed at business customers. Although the new software won't be formally released until next year, analysts already consider its success crucial for Microsoft and new CEO Satya Nadella.
Microsoft promises that Windows 10 will be familiar for users regardless of which version of Windows they are now using.
#microsoft #windows 10 #new windows #windows 9
Windows 10 will be "our greatest enterprise platform ever," said Terry Myerson, Microsoft's head of operating systems, at an event in San Francisco.
He said the new Windows, long known by the project name 'Threshold' internally, represented a new type of system for the company. The name represented that leap, he said.
Myerson added that his team toyed with the idea of calling the new product 'Windows One' to emphasise the unity of all the companies' products, but noted that name had already been used.
(With inputs from agencies)

Stocks Slip  Leaving S&P 500 Down for SeptemberAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

End-June External Debt at $450.1 Billion  Up $7.9 Billion Over March: RBIMeasures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
Mumbai: India's total external debt stood at $450.1 billion at the end of June, up $7.9 billion or 1.8 per cent from the end of March, the Reserve Bank of India said in a statement on Tuesday.
The rise in external debt during the period was mainly due to increase in commercial borrowings and deposits mobilised from non-resident Indians, the RBI said.
The share of India's short-term debt in the total external debt was at $87.9 billion or 19.5 per cent as of end-June compared with 20.2 per cent at end-March, the apex bank added.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Students developing low-cost  portable Braille printerSpecial Arrangement Students display a prototype of the Braille printer that would only cost as much as an average Android mobile phone.
TOPICS
science and technology
In a bid to make technology affordable and accessible to visually-impaired persons, Sandeep Konam, a B. Tech. final-year ECE student at IIIT, Idupulapaya, and a group of IITians are engaged in not only developing a low-cost portable Braille printer that could cost as much as an average Android mobile but also in integrating graphics, tables and images in Indian languages.
Mr. Konam and other B. Tech. students — P. Laksh Kumar, V. Shakti Priyan, Ayushman Talwar, Amera Ali, Aparna Hariharan, Sai Revanth Tadepalli, Syed Junaid Ahmed and Rohith Sirpa — from diverse branches such as design, electronics, mechanical and computer science from IITs and NITs across India, demonstrated a prototype at a workshop titled “ReDx: Engineering the Eye” at Hyderabad recently. A portable working model of a Braille printer was expected to be optimised by December this year, Mr. Konam said.
Mentored by Elliott J. Rouse, Post-Doctoral Associate of Biomechatronics Group, MIT Media Lab, and assisted by premier institutions such as L.V. Prasad Eye Institute Innovation Centre, Cyient (formerly Infosys) and the Tata Centre for Technology and Design, the low-cost Braille printer, a counterpart to ink printers, using solenoids to control the embossing pins, could revolutionise the facility for the visually impaired and persons with a low vision. “Developing a prototype that can be used in open source community and qualitative enough to meet the needs of visually-impaired persons is our goal,” says Mr. Konam. “We have hacked a vinyl cutter and reverse-engineered it for usability as Braille printer.”

ICICI Prudential MF buys 1 crore shares of Gammon InfraOct 01, 2014, 08.38 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ICICI Prudential MF buys 1 crore shares of Gammon Infra
On September 30, 2014 ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund bought more than 1 crore shares of Gammon Infrastructure Projects.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ICICI Prudential MF buys 1 crore shares of Gammon Infra
On September 30, 2014 ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund bought more than 1 crore shares of Gammon Infrastructure Projects.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 30, 2014 ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund bought 53,05,499 shares of  Gammon Infrastructure Projects at Rs 12.75 on the BSE and 53,00,413 shares at Rs 12.75 on the NSE.
On Tuesday the share ended at Rs 14.19, up Rs 1.29, or 10 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 16.60 and 52-week low Rs 7.10 on 12 September, 2014 and 30 September, 2013, respectively.
 

http://usat.ly/ZoZD6vFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Six things investors need to know about October
The stock market's bad October reputation is, quite simply, a bad rap. The month has had five of the six worst one-day drops ever for the S&P 500. But the index still has averaged a 0.43% gain in Oct.
Post to Facebook
Six things investors need to know about October The stock market's bad October reputation is, quite simply, a bad rap. The month has had five of the six worst one-day drops ever for the S&P 500. But the index still has averaged a 0.43% gain in Oct. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/ZoZD6v
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Six things investors need to know about October
Video Keywords Federal Reserve Wall Street oil prices S&P 500 Janet Yellen stock market's interest rates USA today iMac Microsoft Google
Matt Krantz takes a look a what investors might consider when investing this October. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  October can be a scary month. Not because of Halloween.
00:04  It's a month clobbered by some of the stock market's worst
00:07  days in 1929 crash black Monday in 1987. The tipping point
00:13  in the financial crisis in 2008. Here's what you need to
00:17  know about the market this October iMac Krantz this is USA
00:21  today. October's bomb wrap -- somewhat deserve. The tenth month has
00:29  contained five of the six worst jobs in the S&P 500.
00:33  During October since 1928. Stocks gained zero point 43% on average
00:38  that's something to brag about. But it's not a smashed pumpkin
00:42  either. What does this October hold in store for investors there
00:46  are six things. One seasonal factors work in this market's favored
00:51  this year it's a midterm congressional election year. Economic news and
00:55  Federal Reserve policy will be in the forefront of investors' minds.
00:58  Two technology stocks tend to do the best in October but
01:02  watch out. There's been a shift lately energy companies have started
01:06  to emerge -- on and stars. With -- -- oil prices
01:09  though investors wonder back and repeat again this year. Three earnings
01:14  reports of possible product launches from tech will be key to
01:18  the month. Apple Google and Microsoft have big plans expect them
01:22  to get plenty of attention in coming weeks. For big this
01:26  is going to be one of those October that drops a
01:29  bomb in the stock market resist the urge to try and
01:32  profit for a spike in volatility. You could invest in exchange
01:35  traded notes -- tracked Wall Street so called fear gauge but
01:38  that's op and a bad idea these investments tend to lag
01:42  historically. Five mutual fund investors don't fear the odds of interest
01:47  rates heading higher profit from them. Just look at September's winning
01:51  funds to see what might pay off again in October. And
01:55  finally it's then -- time again. Investors will watch this month's
01:59  fed meeting expect open and honest talk about financial markets from
02:03  Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen. And that's not necessarily a good
02:06  thing trust us. Don't -- October prepare for it and profit
02:12  from it. I'm Matt -- and USA today.
USA TODAY Special Report 5:08 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
Monthly Markets Checkup
61 CONNECT 111 TWEET 17 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
October is known as a frightful month, and the reason has nothing to do with Halloween. It is the month that has contained some of the stock market's scariest days. The epic 1929 crash. Black Monday in 1987. And, freshest in everyone's minds, the tipping point in the 2008 financial crisis.
But the stock market's bad October reputation is, quite simply, a bad rap. Even though the month has had five of the six worst one-day drops ever for the Standard & Poor's 500 index, that market benchmark still has averaged a 0.43% gain in October going all the way back to 1928.
So what six things do investors need to know about October -- besides that it isn't nearly as bad as its made out to be?
1. The economy is key.
Whether October lives up to its scary reputation as a crash site or shrugs off the skeletons in its performance closet will depend on how Wall Street reacts to economic data, earnings reports and news out of the Federal Reserve, with the central bank expected to ease quantitative easing this month and set the stage for eventual interest rate increases.

Expect to be debt-free over next 18 months: AllcargoExpect container freight margins to remain stable
S Suryanarayanan
Director Finance and Joint CEO ECU LINE
Allcargo Logistics
Allcargo Logistics  continues to perform reasonably strong in Multimodal Transport Operations (MTO) segment despite sluggish container shipping market. The company reported volume of 91,725 TEUs in Q3FY14 (up 30 percent YoY and 20 percent QoQ). Even the volume growth is seen on account of consolidation of two of the company’s acquisitions - Econocaribe Consolidators and FCL Marine Agencies. The stock, which is up over 4 percent, has doubled this year alone.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, S Suryanarayanan, Director - Finance, Allcargo Logistics, said the company sees a case for strong volume growth in the container freight and expects the margins (in the segment) to remain stable.
He does not see significant avenues for capex in next two years and says the bulk of it would be used for the maintenance purposes. Suryanarayanan expects Allcargo to be a debt-free company over next 18 months.
Below is the transcript of S Suryanarayanan’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar
Reema: We understand that your container segment is still quite weak and that could put pressure on your margins in the near term, is that so and if you could quantify the pressure on the margins on account of this?
A: From our perspective there is volume growth in our Container Freight Stations (CFS) business in India. The margins are quite stable and I don’t see the impact on our margins at least in the coming year we don’t see it. We have a good growth happening in the CFS business that we are currently handling. 
Latha: Your Multimodal Transport Operations (MTO) give you most of the money, what is the outlook on volume growth, have you seen commerce pickup enough to give you a quantum leap in volumes?
A: Overall in our international business at a global level we are growing in double digit numbers and I think we will sustain that growth and the margins there also are quite stable. So at an overall level if I were to summarise both in our MTO segments, the global LCL business and our Indian businesses both in the container freight stations and our P&D segments showing improved volume growth, improved asset utilisations. I think in the coming year we should see a growth in excess of over 40 percent in a profit after tax level as compared to the previous year if you were to see going forward in FY15. 
Latha: Can you take us through your capex plans as well for the next two years?
A: In the next two years we don’t see significant capex, this would all be mainly maintenance. So they should not be in excess of over Rs 30-40 crore. So with this and the way we are performing I would see that the free cash flows after capex would be in excess of Rs 300 crore and this is what we would use to pare down our debt and within the next 18-24 months we should be free at net debt. So all the cash flows that would be coming in would go to repay the debt. 
Reema: Where does your quarterly cash generation stands at?
A: It would be roughly at a net cash flow level we should be at about Rs 75 crore per quarter, free cash flows that would be coming in. So if you take it for four quarters it should be roughly about Rs 300 crore.
Latha: If you are turning debt free should we expect more acquisitions?
A: At a net cash level we would be debt free. No acquisitions immediately but if there is an opportunity at a point in time and if it fits in with our strategy and with our overall growth strategy then we would probably look at something. 
Latha: How would margins pan out you think? You gave us a fair idea of your finance cost getting pared down but EBITDA margins?
A: At EBITDA margins we are quite stable because if you look at all our businesses and now that we are seeing growth coming back into our Indian businesses I don’t see much impact on the margins. So at an overall level I think we should beat some of the margins that we had last year and I think they are quite stable. It is not that they will widely fluctuate. So we are in a good spot at this point in time. 
Reema: What is your market share currently standing at in the MTO as well as on the container freight segment?
A: Our market share is continuing to be where it is. We are a market leader in each of these segments that we are operating in be it in Mumbai, be it in Chennai or in Mundra in the CFS segment. At a global level we are a market leader in the global LCL business. So if you take it at an overall level in each of the segments that we are competing in, we are a market leader and I think we will continue to hold that place as we go forward not only this year but in the coming years also.
Allcargo stock price
On November 24, 2014, at  10:46 hrs Allcargo Logistics was quoting at Rs 330.10, up Rs 14.30, or 4.53 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 357.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 93.65.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 5.21 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 63.36. The latest book value of the company is Rs 96.46 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.42.
RELATED NEWS

If analysts don t ask questions  expect stock dips; mcap can slip by $6m in 5 days: StudyIf analysts don't ask questions, expect stock declines: Study
By Reuters | 1 Oct, 2014, 11.36AM IST
0
Share More
Researchers found that when executives did not receive questions or feedback on earnings calls, the company could expect to see its m-cap fall.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Earnings conference calls that inspire little more than silence are not a great sign for the company's shares in the days that follow, according to a study released on Wednesday.
Researchers from the University of Texas at Austin found that when executives did not receive questions or significant feedback on earnings calls, the company could expect to see its market capitalization fall between $4.3 million and $6.1 million in the next five days.
After calls with limited questions, researchers found, company executives are perceived to have more information than investors and other market participants, resulting in a negative market reaction. Small companies covered by fewer analysts were more likely to receive no questions.
The study's authors analyzed about 50,000 earnings calls from 2002 to 2012, focusing on the nearly 9,500 that received little feedback during the open question-and-answer session of the call. The companies' negative returns lasted for five days after such calls, performing up to 135 basis points worse than companies comparable in size and analyst coverage in which the conference call was a bit more lively.
"When you do not interact, the unintended economic consequences are going to catch up with you," said Shuping Chen, associate professor at the university's McCombs School of Business and lead author of the study.
Chen said earnings calls help improve transparency and information flow, but without analyst engagement, companies don't see that benefit.
"The very set of firms who need more visibility, more liquidity, are hammered because they no questions," she said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Jaya to remain in jail  court defers bail hearing to Oct 7Jayalalithaa stays in jail, protests continue to rage in Tamil Nadu
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, October 01, 2014
First Published: 11:09 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 14:20 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
Jailed former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa will have to stay in prison for at least six more days as the Karnataka High Court Wednesday posted for October 7 hearing on her pleas for suspension of the sentence and immediate bail in the disproportionate assets case.
 
When the matter came up before the vacation bench judge Justice Rathnakala, Jayalalithaa's counsel Ram Jethmalani pleaded for suspending the sentence pending appeal under Section 389 of the Criminal Procedure Code and for her release on bail.
Jaya conviction an internal Indian issue: Sri Lanka 
  
Section 389 states that pending any appeal by a convicted person, the appellate court may order that the execution of the sentence or order appealed against be suspended. Also, if the person is in confinement, that he or she be released on bail, or on own bond.
"In my considered opinion, this is a matter to be heard by the regular bench," the judge said.
During the brief hearing, Special Public Prosecutor Bhavani Singh filed the objections to Jayalalithaa's pleas and also a memo about his appointment as the SPP in the case.
Singh, who was SPP in the special court in the disproportionate assets case, had told the court Tuesday that he had not yet received any official notification appointing him as the SPP for the criminal appeal filed in the High Court.
    
As Singh sought more time, the judge had first posted the matter for hearing on October 6, which was later rescheduled for Wednesday following pleas by Jayalalithaa's counsels.
Immediately after the judge adjourned the case to next week, a large contingent of Jayalalithaa supporters protested outside the high court
Jayalalithaa's aide Sasikala, her relatives V N Sudhakaran, disowned son of the former Chief Minister and Ilavarasi will also have to spend at least six more days in jail as their petitions for bail and suspension of the sentence were also adjourned for October 7.
 
The High Court is on Dasara holidays from September 29 to October 6. October 7 is also a government holiday on account of Bakrid.
 
In her petitions seeking immediate bail and challenging her sentence, Jayalalithaa has maintained that the charges of amassing wealth against her were false and that she had acquired property through legal means.
 
Jayalalitha has also contended that the trial court has overlooked several judgements and has not considered the binding nature of various income tax orders and decisions of the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, which had accepted the income and the level of expenditure pleaded by her.
Protests continue in Tamil Nadu; 19 dead
One more person died Wednesday in an act of suicide after being apparently upset over Jayalalithaa's conviction in the disproportionate asset case as protests against her conviction continued across the state for the fifth day.
 
A 55-year-old farmer died at the government hospital in Nagapattinam, three days after he consumed poison at his house in Oorkuthi village near Nagapattinam, police said.
 
With this, the toll of those believed to have died in various parts of the state unable to bear the four-year jail term awarded to Jayalalithaa since September 27 has risen to 19.
 
Though AIADMK activists harboured a ray of hope on their leader's possible release after their lawyers' wing managed to get the vacation bench to hear Jayalalithaa's bail petition, they were disappointed as the case was adjourned shortly after it was taken up for hearing by the judge.
 
Protests continued in various parts of Chennai and elsewhere in the state, with party workers displaying posters and display boards, demanding release of their 'Amma.'  AIADMK's student wing also joined the protests organised by other branches of the party in Chennai, while the IT wing held a human chain near the party headquarters.
 
A report from Tiruchirappalli said AIADMK workers continued their fast for the fifth day near Anna Statue, pressing for release of their leader. Similar protests were reported from various parts of the district.
 
Representatives of Cable TV operators' Association, Brick Kiln Owners Association and trade unions associated with AIADMK also observed a fast at Namakkal.

Thank You America   says Modi as he leaves for IndiaModi says 'Thank You America' as he ends trip
PTI  Washington, October 01, 2014
First Published: 09:57 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 18:46 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
Winding up his whirlwind five-day US visit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi "thanked" America for what he said was a highly "successful and satisfactory trip" to the country. "Thank You America," Modi said as he concluded his last official engagement at an event organised by the US Indian Business Council (USIBC) on Tuesday.
US President Barack Obama of the United States with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
After that he directly left for the Andrews Air Force Base, from where his Air India One took off for Frankfurt on route to New Delhi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama after briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday. (PTI photo)
"My visit has been very successful. From here I am going to airport directly," Modi said.
Read: Modi, Obama announce better trade ties, joint fight against terror
On Tuesday Modi met President Barack Obama in the Oval Office of the White House, at the end of which the two leaders issued a joint statement that promised to take the India-US relationship to a new height.
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington on Tuesday. (PTI photo)
Modi was seen off at the Andrews Air Force Base by the Indian Ambassador to the US S Jaishankar and the Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal.
When he arrived at the Air Force Base a day earlier, he was received by the Deputy Secretary of State, William Burns ? both being unusual for a working visit like this.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama during briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington. (PTI photo)
On Monday evening, Obama hosted Modi for a official private working dinner and yesterday the two met for nearly two hours at the Oval Office, following which the US President and the Prime Minister together went to the Martin Luther King, Jr Memorial.
Obama, it is understood, decided to join Modi on this visit which many analyst said reflected the close bounding the two leaders have established among themselves in such a close time.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (3rd L) speaks to reporters with US House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) (2nd R) and Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) (R) after meeting in Boehner's offices at the US Capitol in Washington. Also pictured are US Representative Steny Hoyer (D-MD) (back row, from L), Representative Joe Crowley (D-NY), Representative George Holding (R-NC) and Representative Ed Royce (R-CA)(Reuters)
 
Later in the day, Modi was hosted for lunch by Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the State Department, following which he drove down to the Capitol Hill for a tea hosted in his honor by Joe Boehner, Speaker of the US House of Representatives.
In the first leg of his five-day US trip, Modi spent four days in New York, where he addressed the annual session of the United Nations General Assembly on September 27, and stormed the Indian American community by addressing the diaspora with a packed Madison Square Garden in the Big Apple on September 28.
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr Memorial in Washington. (PTI photo)
In New York, Modi held meetings with a host of top American businessmen including breakfast with CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, while top American leaders like Bill and Hillary Clinton, and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
In all he met more than 50 top US lawmakers and three Governors including South Carolina's Nikki Haley.
During his trip, Modi visited the 9/11 Memorial in New York and the Gandhi Statue in Washington DC.
He held a series of meetings with the Indian diaspora, including the dinner that was hosted in his honor wherein he stood for nearly two hours to get photographed with more than 700 Indian-Americans.
Watch: Modi leaves for India contented, thanks America

Mega block: Gauge conversion to cut off 74 lakh people in NEComments
For a region fed up with economic blockades enforced by non-state players, this is one mega block the northeast does not mind.
From Wednesday, 74.24 lakh people in Mizoram, Tripura and four districts of Assam will be terrestrially cut off for six months. The reason: Northeast Frontier Railway’s (NFR) final push for gauge conversion on ‘India’s toughest hill section’.
More than a century old, the existing 220km Lumding (central Assam)-Silchar (southern Assam) metre gauge track has been the lifeline for people in this sub-region. The last train -- Barak Valley Express -- chugged off from Silchar on Tuesday to virtually cut them off.
 
Silchar does have a 343km landslide-prone highway to Guwahati via Meghalaya. An indefinite economic blockade by a Meghalaya-based group protesting the National Green Tribunal’s ban on unscientific coal mining in the state does not make it much of an alternative.
Besides, Mizoram capital Aizawl, Tripura capital Agartala and Silchar provide limited air access.
Consequently, Mizoram has turned to adjoining Myanmar and Tripura to Bangladesh for foodgrains.
“We have shipped in 5,000 metric tons of rice through Bangladesh. The state government and FCI together can store for only 90 days, so we have asked Meghalaya and Assam to ensure smooth movement of trucks,” Tripura’s food and civil supplies special secretary Saumitra Bandopadhyay said.
Tripura chief minsiter Manik Sarkar has also written to Prime Minister Narendra Modi to streamline supply of essentials through Bangladesh.
Mizoram, on the other hand, is importing its monthly requirement of 1,300 tons of rice from Myanmar. “Foodgrains from our neighbouring country work out cheaper,” the state’s food and civil supplies commissioner, R Lalvena said. His department opened tenders from Myanmar suppliers on Tuesday.
“The mega block was inevitable, and the authorities concerned were intimated for making alternative arrangements,” a senior NFR officer said.
NFR engineers say the Lumding-Silchar sector is the toughest hill section in India. The project was started in December 1996 but ran into rough weather because of funds crunch and militancy -- at least 60 workers, officers and executives were either killed or abducted for ransom -- besides geological and climatic factors.
“We had a window of only four winter months per year to work. Landslides and ground sinking added to our problems. We also had to drill 17 tunnels, two of them 1.68km and 3.23 km long,” Ajit Pandit, NFR’s chief administrative officer, told HT.
Initially estimated at Rs. 648 crore, the project will thus exceed Rs. 5,000 crore after completion of several branch lines after the gauge conversion of the main section. The broad track, 14km shorter than the meter gauge one it replaces, entailed construction of 29 stations.
The gauge conversion, railway officials said, is crucial for India’s ambitious railway link to Southeast Asia. The hill section will branch off to Tupul near Manipur capital Imphal, from where it is likely to be extended to Myanmar and beyond.
Another line branching off to Agartala is expected to be taken to Chittagong via Sabroom (Tripura) for seaport access. For the time being, NFR is connecting Agartala to Akhaura in Bangladesh 15 km away.

Modi  Obama target $ 500 billion Indo-US tradeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Chandra Shekhar Ghosh is Entrepreneur of the Year for building Bandhan from scratchAditya Birla
(What makes Bandhan markedly…)
The Reserve Bank of India's decision to award Kolkatabased Bandhan Financial Services a banking licence along with IDFC surprised many people since better known companies such as Aditya Birla Nuvo, Bajaj Finserv and Reliance Capital missed the bus.
It is a measure of the microfinance lender's efforts that it financed the dreams of a slice of the country's 25 crore unbanked households while banks have failed to reach 42 per cent of them even after 45 years of bank nationalisation. Bandhan has created a pool of Rs 58 lakh poor borrowers since Chandra Shekhar Ghosh founded the company in 2001 and turned it into the country's largest micro lender with outstanding loans of Rs 6,446 crore.
What makes Bandhan markedly different from its rivals is its ability to run a low-cost operation and provide loans at the most competitive rate in the microfinance space.
At present it lends at 22.4 per cent a year on reducing balance and the transition into a bank will allow it to reduce its lending rate.
"Bandhan has worked as a change agent for the rural poor," says Ghosh. "To serve people is a major challenge and our employees have lived up to the challenge selflessly and helped Bandhan to rise to this level."
With just Rs 2 lakh in pocket, Ghosh set up the microfinance institution, which acquired the non-banking finance company licence in 2006.
The ET jury has recognised Ghosh's organisation from scratch, that too in a difficult business.
RBI's stamp of approval in granting the company a banking licence after rigorous due diligence also weighed heavily in his favour.
As a bank, Bandhan will have access to low-cost savings deposits which will help it reduce lending rates in the future. With its conversion into a bank, 30 lakh of its existing borrowers who don't have bank accounts till now will come into banking fold automatically.
Ghosh received a major boost in 2011 when International Finance Corporation picked up 10.9 per cent in Bandhan for Rs 135 crore, reinstating faith in India's embattled microfinance sector.
The company's net worth stands at Rs 1,100 crore, more than double the RBI's prescription of Rs 500 crore for acquiring a bank licence.
Of this, pure equity is Rs 96 crore, with capital adequacy ratio at a comfortable 21 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Home Min seeks IB s view on NIA s request for filing case against ISIS & Al-QaedaAl-Qaeda
(It has been nearly three…)
NEW DELHI: The home ministry has sought the Intelligence Bureau's "view" on whether the National Investigation Agency (NIA) should be allowed register cases against ISIS and Al-Qaeda for their alleged attempts to recruit Indian Muslims for terror acts.
It has been nearly three weeks since NIA wrote to the ministry, seeking its permission to register an "open" case against ISIS and Al-Qaeda. NIA's move followed emergence of a video in which Al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri announced the creation of an Indian branch of his militant group. Earlier, there were reports of some youths from Maharashtra going to Iraq and Syria to join the ISIS.
The NIA has told the home ministry that this is a fit matter for a case to be registered against ISIS and Al-Qaeda. "We have now asked for IB's view on the same.
The ministry wishes to ascertain if there is any need for lodging this FIR and what purpose will be served by it," a home ministry official said. Another official said a call may well be taken on the issue upon the return of National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval from the US on Wednesday night. "We feel the case is required," a senior NIA official said.
In a recent media interaction, Home Minister Rajnath Singh had made light of the ISIS attempts to recruit Indian youth for terror acts.
"There is no progress in ISIS recruitment in the country. All Muslim organisations have condemned the outfit and its ways in India," Singh had said on September 12, adding that there was no information of any Indian youth joining the ISIS.
In a recent interview, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had played down the Al-Qaeda threat. "If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India — they will not want anything bad for India," Modi had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Industrialist P.K. Mohamed deadUpdated: October 1, 2014 12:32 IST
Industrialist P.K. Mohamed dead
Tweet
P.K. Mohamed
People from all walks of life paid tributes to industrialist P.K. Mohamed, 73, who died here on Monday. He was the managing director (MD) of Western India Plywoods Ltd. (WIP).
He had been recuperating at his residence at Thana here after a recent cardiac surgery. The body was taken to Thalassery for burial at Elangol Juma Masjid, Chettamkunnu.
Early years
He followed his father, A.K. Kaderkutty, into the industry. After college education in Chennai, Mohamed went to Germany for extensive training in wood technology.
He joined WIP as production manager in 1962. He was made MD in 1993.
He was involved in the modernisation and diversification of the company.
He had functioned as office-bearer of the North Malabar Chamber of Commerce and was a sports organiser. He was a member of various industry organisations and was actively involved in the social sphere.
He is survived by wife and four sons. Political leaders including Rural Development Minister K.C. Joseph and E. Ahamed paid their last respects.

Man Industries: Outcome of AGMOct 01, 2014, 12.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Man Industries: Outcome of AGM
Man Industries (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 26, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Man Industries: Outcome of AGM
Man Industries (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 26, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Man Industries (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 26, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Pasupati Spinning Weaving Mills: Outcome of AGMOct 01, 2014, 12.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pasupati Spinning & Weaving Mills: Outcome of AGM
Pasupati Spinning & Weaving Mills Ltd has informed BSE that the 34th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014, along with Scrutinizer's Report.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pasupati Spinning & Weaving Mills: Outcome of AGM
Pasupati Spinning & Weaving Mills Ltd has informed BSE that the 34th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014, along with Scrutinizer's Report.
Post your opinion here
 
Pasupati Spinning & Weaving Mills Ltd has informed BSE that the 34th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 29, 2014, along with Scrutinizer's Report.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

RComm plans to bring debt below Rs 20K crAman Shah and Nivedita Bhattacharjee     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 17:21 IST
Reliance Communications aims to bring debt under Rs 20,000 cr in two years
Reliance Communications Ltd aims to bring its debt to under Rs 20,000  crore in the next 24 months, Chairman Anil Ambani told shareholders on  Tuesday.
Reliance Communications , India's fourth-biggest mobile phone operator, is the most leveraged among publicly traded telecom carriers. The company had a debt of Rs 35,500 crore  as of August 14.
Ambani also said Reliance Communications , which has a market value of roughly $5 billion, would participate in spectrum auctions when they come up next year, to be able to launch fourth-generation (4G) telecommunications services in the country.
(Reuters)

Petrol price cut Rs 0.65 per litre  diesel unchangedPetrol price cut by Rs 0.65 per litre, diesel unchanged
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 13:29 IST
Petrol price was on Tuesday cut by 65 paisa a litre, but the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years was put off until the return of Prime Minister Narendra Modi from the US.
State-owned oil firms, which skipped raising rates on 16 September even though their cost had gone up, cut prices in view of the downward trend in international markets. Petrol price was reduced by 54 paisa a litre without including local sales tax or VAT, with effect from Tuesday midnight. After accounting for the incidence of local sales tax, petrol rate in Delhi was reduced by 65 paisa to Rs 67.86 per litre, according to Indian Oil Corp (IOC), the nation's largest fuel retailer.
In Mumbai, petrol price was cut by 68 paisa to Rs 75.73 per litre. Petrol price was last cut by Rs 1.50 a litre, excluding state levies, on 31 August. That reduction in Delhi came to Rs 1.82 per litre. Alongside, the price of non-subsidised 14.2-kg cooking gas LPG cylinder, which consumer buy after exhausting their quota of 12 subsidised bottles in a year, was cut by Rs 21 to Rs880 in Delhi.
However, a reduction diesel rates, the first since January 2009, was put off till Modi's return from the US as the oil ministry felt it did not have a clear mandate to reduce rates post the January 2013 decision of the Cabinet to raise prices by 40-50 paisa a litre every month.
Petrol price was cut as it is a deregulated product needing no government intervention. Softening international oil rates has meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from 16 September. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre.
Oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan is believed to have already written to Modi on the emerging scenario. Also, the ministry has written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of state assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.

Forex markets face further regulationsForex markets face further regulations
By Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2af2b9a-48ac-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Quarterly loss sends Walgreens downSeptember 30, 2014 6:03 pm
Quarterly loss sends Walgreens down
By Mamta Badkar in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3d6981b0-48b7-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex in red ahead of holidays; Wipro up 3%  top 20 stock betsSensex trades in red ahead of holidays; top 20 intraday trading ideas
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 03.35PM IST
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared most of its gains and was now trading in a range with a negative bias ahead of five day trading holiday.
Indian markets will remain closed from 2nd October to 6th October.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was trading with a negative bias around its crucial psychological support level of 7950.
At 11:30 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,606.18, down 24 points or 0.09 per cent. It touched a high of 26,683.70 and a low of 26,550.06 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 7,955.20, down 10 points or 0.12 per cent. It touched a high of 7,977.50 and a low of 7,941.25 in trade today.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2860 and a stop loss of Rs 2775
Motherson Sumi Systems Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 390
Oriental Bank of Commerce is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 218 and a stop loss of Rs 232
Union Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 178 and a stop loss of Rs 191
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
HUL Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 722 and a stop loss of Rs 750
Union Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 170 and a stop loss of Rs 192
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1800 and a stop loss of Rs 1724
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2580 and a stop loss of Rs 2508
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1790 and a stop loss of Rs 1725
Idea Cellular Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 179 and a stop loss of Rs 167
Tata Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 170 and a stop loss of Rs 192
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 387 and a stop loss of Rs 377
Sun TV Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 348 and a stop loss of Rs 336
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 625 and a stop loss of Rs 608
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
Nitin Fire Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 78 and a stop loss of Rs 65
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3850 and a stop loss of Rs 3680
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2455
A K Prabhakar, Independent Market Expert
NTPC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 168 and a stop loss of Rs 136
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 665 and a stop loss of Rs 597
Eros Media Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 320 and a stop loss of Rs 259
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM s US visit: FDI flood on the way | Full CoverageNarendra Modi
(While several American…)
NEW YORK | WASHINGTON: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's breakfast diplomacy with 17 top US CEOs, presiding over ten trillion dollars in assets or revenues, would soon set the cash registers ringing at India's FDI front-desk.
Laurence D Fink, CEO at one of the world's largest investment management firms, BlackRock which oversees $4.32 trillion in assets, assured the prime minister that the firm could facilitate investments worth over $6 billion into the country by early next year. One of the CEOs who met the PM minutes before Fink, told Modi that his firm is looking to invest over half a billion dollars 'in a short while' to set up a big manufacturing facility in India for injectable drugs.
Some of the chief executives talked at length about wanting to invest in India's food chain and agriculture-related sectors, according to officials present at the meeting while others were eager to invest in infrastructure and energy and sought clarity from the PM on the way forward after the Supreme Court's judgement on coal block allocations.
"The general sentiment was that India is back on CEOs' global investment radar, they had dusted off their India dossiers and done their homework before meeting the PM and discussing specific concerns," said Ajay Banga, president and CEO of Mastercard, who attended the breakfast meeting along with the likes of PepsiCo chief Indra Nooyi and Citibank chief executive Michael Corbat.
While the PM met top bosses from 11 large Fortune 500 firms over the breakfast meet (where he himself didn't eat owing to his Navratra fast) on Monday, he met Fink and other large investors like KKR and Goldman Sachs in one-on-one meetings that lasted 20 to 25 minutes each.
"The responses of most of those present were very enthusiastic. One of the CEOs said that India was a different place at 6 am the day following the election results and there is a great desire now to participate in India's growth," said the official spokesperson for the foreign ministry.
"There were others who said they wanted accelerated engagement in India and some said that they had capacities to create wealth from waste in areas like energy and solid waste," the spokesperson said.
BlackRock offered to work with the Indian government and host a major investment conference in India early next year to be attended by major investors from all across the globe, which is likely to become an annual affair.
"BlackRock (CEO) told the PM that based on their experience of similar conferences in the past, the first effort would yield investment opportunities of something in the vicinity of $6 billion, if they worked towards it over the next few months," the spokesperson said.
While several CEOs raised concerns about specific issues that worry them about investing in the country, the PM's articulate and sharp responses on those allayed most of those, said Banga.
On their biggest concern of India's unpredictable tax regime, the PM assured CEOs that he was committed to a stable tax regime and it was his conviction that this was necessary for investments to flow.
Pharma sector CEOs such as Merck's Kenneth Frazier and Hospira's Michael Ball are learnt to have flagged their apprehensions about India's intellectual property regime. While responding to their specific worries, the PM raised the discussion to a whole new level, according to Banga.
"I understand that you want to be compensated for your investments in R&D. At the same time, India needs medicines that are affordable for its population," the PM is understood to have said, stressing that this is not just about India but the entire world that is grappling with new diseases. "Mankind needs continuous research and development of new drugs for a higher quality of life.
You need to be able to devote the right energy to that, not just by changing the formulation of a drug to sustain a patent, but by inventing things that make a difference to mankind," Modi told them.
The foreign ministry spokesperson said that the PM also set to rest worries about India's energy sector expressed by some prospective investors, especially in the light of the Supreme Court verdict to scrap all allocations made in the past two decades.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi has time till next budget to walk the talk: SA AiyarBarack Obama
(There was no big bang change…)
WASHINGTON DC: A penetrating remark of an American businessman summed up the impact of Narendra Modi's US visit. "There's lots of sizzle, but where's the steak?"
Now, Prime Ministerial visits should indeed create lots of sizzle. Modi proved a great orator, and raised hopes of "achhe din" among US businessmen and politicians. But hard-headed Americans want doers, not talkers. Modi now has to return to India and transform the business climate. Only then will the partnership flourish. If the sizzle is followed by drizzle, it will end in fizzle.
On the political side, there was no big bang change or breakthrough. Modi did not promise any change in India's nuclear liability clause, patents regime, or WTO approach. Obama did not promise any major change in visa rules. He is totally absorbed by the Middle East, Ukraine, East Asia, and domestic issues like healthcare and immigration, which may cause massive losses for his party in the coming Congressional elections. India is barely on his radar screen. The Modi-Obama statement was replete with friendly but mostly humdrum clauses, showing incremental progress but no breakthroughs.
Modi tried to enthuse US CEOs to come and "Make in India." But the US is a post-industrial country, having shifted massively from manufacturing to services. Its top companies are not in manufacturing but in brain-intensive areas like IT, R&D, retail and financial services. Many US companies in retail, financial services and patent-intensive areas find Indian rules discouraging or hostile (for patents). Modi showed no willingness to change these rules.
All top US companies have already come to India for software, BPO and other services. But these do not entail large investments, and do not fit into Modi's "Make in India" approach. The top US manufacturers like General Motors , General Electric , Ford, Cummins, John Deere , Proctor and Gamble, Colgate and Gillette are already in India. Defence industries are interested in investing, but find Indian investment rules restrictive, and are dismayed by India's enormous delays (exemplified by former Defence Minister Anthony) in placing firm orders.
US business has in recent years turned against India, complaining of red tape, retroactive rules and taxes, corruption and unpredictable court judgements. It hopes Modi will change this. India has slipped in the global competitiveness rankings of the World Economic Forum by 11 places to just 71st in the world, last of the five BRICS. The latest Doing Business report of the World Bank shows India slipping from 131st position to 134th, and is among the worst performers in ease of starting a business, getting a construction permit or enforcing contracts.
Four months of Modi rule have yet to yield any boom in orders for machinery or construction. After two years of 4.5% growth, India will do 5.5% this year. That's an improvement, but miles from the 9% it used to do.
Modi's honeymoon period will probably end by the next budget. He must deliver by then, or else Americans will say he cannot walk the talk.
FEATURED ARTICLES

McAfee names Kimmel its  most dangerous celebrityLOS ANGELES, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 13:01 IST
McAfee names Kimmel its 'most dangerous celebrity'
AP
Reuters TV host Jimmy Kimmel
TOPICS
internet
If you’re about to Google Jimmy Kimmel, beware.
Computer security company McAfee says the late night TV talk show host is the most dangerous celebrity to search for online.
The company said on Tuesday that a search for Jimmy Kimmel carries a 19 per cent chance of landing on a website that has tested positive for spyware, viruses or malware. The company has used its own site ratings to make the determination for the past eight years.
Other celebrities McAfee deems dangerous this year include Ciara, Flo Rida, Bruce Springsteen, Chelsea Handler and Christina Aguilera.
Kimmel said on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” on Tuesday that he can’t believe a kid who played the clarinet and carried a briefcase to junior high school grew up to be the most dangerous celebrity of 2014.

IIPM cannot call itself management institute: HCComments
Indian Institute of Planning and Management (IIPM) run by Arindam Chaudhuri can no longer use terms such as MBA, BBA or management course for the courses it offers. The Delhi high court on Friday restrained it from even calling itself management school, business school or B-school.
Taking a tough stance against the institute, which has long been embroiled in controversy over its recognition by the higher education regulators here, the HC directed it to prominently display on their website that they are not recognized by any statutory body or authority in India.
Chaudhuri denied IIPM ever claimed to have offered MBA or BBA courses. “We have already told the court that we don’t want to call ourselves an institute proving management courses. We teach planning and entrepreneurship,” Chaudhuri told HT.
“We will challenge the order before higher court,” Chaudhuri said.
The HC order came on a PIL alleging that IIPM was “misleading, cheating and exploiting students” by fraudulently using “MBA or BBA” in prospectus and official website as courses offered by it.
Though IIPM claimed to have recognition from a foreign Management Institute namely IMI, Belgium, the HC noted it was “cleverly concealing” from potential students that the foreign institute was “nothing but an alter ego or another face of IIPM.”
The court noted AICTE’s submission that its prior approval was compulsory and mandatory for conduct of a technical course including the MBA or management course.
The regulatory body had said that the activities being run by IIPM was clearly an attempt to offer MBA programmes by bypassing the statutory requirement of seeking prior approval of AICTE. IIPM’s name continues to feature on list of unapproved institutions on AICTE website.
In November last year, UGC had found the advertisement issued by IIPM to be having the potential to mislead the students and public at large and had asked it to stop the practice of issuing such “dubious advertisements to attract students deceptively.”

Jayalalithaa sentenced to 4 years in jail; clashes in Tamil NaduTamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa was sentenced to four years in jail and slapped with Rs. 100 crore fine after being found guilty of corruption by a special court in Bangalore on Saturday.
  
Play Pause
Supporters of AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa cry in Chennai after a Bangalore special court convicted her in a disproportionate assets case. (PTI Photo)
Members of AIADMK holding a protest in Coimbatore on Saturday over conviction of the party supremo and Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa by a Bengalore court in a disproportionate assests ...
Members of AIADMK stomp on a poster of DMK chief K Karunanidhi during a protest following a Bangalore special court pronouncing Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa guilty in a ...
Members of AIADMK holding a protest in Coimbatore over conviction of the party supremo Jayalalithaa by a Bangalore court in a disproportionate assests case. (PTI Photo)
CM Jayalalithaa is seen through the mirror of a car as she comes out of her house in Chennai to appear before a Bangalore court for the verdict. (AP Photo)
Supporters of AIADMK burn the effigy of DMK chief M Karunanidhi after a Bangalore special court pronounced J Jayalalithaa guilty in a disproportionate assets case, in Chennai. (PTI Photo)
Security men push away supporters of J Jayalalithaa while she proceeds to the special court in Bangalore. (PTI photo)
The ruling in an 18-year-old disproportionate assets case dealt a blow to the 66-year-old AIADMK chief, disqualifying her as CM and effectively putting her out of the electoral arena for 10 years.
 
According to provisions of the Representation of the People Act, a convicted person cannot contest elections for six years beginning from the date of completion of sentence.
 
There could, however, still be hope for Jayalalithaa because there is an escape route. The Supreme Court has said a convicted person can contest an election if his/her conviction and sentence — both are stayed by a superior court.
Read: AIADMK govt safe, but Amma staring at 10-year exile
 
Special judge John Michael D'Cunha’s verdict earned Jayalalithaa the dubious distinction of becoming the first sitting CM to be held guilty under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
After the sentencing, Jayalalithaa — ‘Amma’ to her supporters — was sent to Parappana Agrahara jail in the city but was shifted to a hospital inside the prison premises after complaining of chest pain.
She will spend the night in a special cell in the women’s wing with special guards posted round the clock, an IANS report said. Supper was “ragi (malt) ball, plain rice, sambar and curd rice with pickle as per the jail manual”, it quoted a prison official as saying.
 
Jayalalithaa now has to approach Karnataka high court for bail and appeal against the conviction as the prospect of political survival — also of the AIADMK — arises in the run-up to the Tamil Nadu assembly elections due in 2016.
 
The verdict against 'Amma' (Mother, as Jayalalithaa is addressed by supporters) crushed AIADMK hopes of her emerging unscathed like she had from many legal wrangles in the past.
 
One school of thought in the AIADMK is that state minister O Panneerselvam could be asked to act as chief minister again. In September 2001, when the Supreme Court had set aside Jayalalithaa's appointment, she had installed Panneerselvam.
 
Read: One wedding and four convictions, the unravelling of Jayalalithaa
 
The court also convicted Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala Natarajan, her niece Ilavarasi and her nephew and the chief minister's disowned foster son Sudhakaran in the case.
 
They accused were found guilty of acquiring Rs. 66.65 crore worth of assets by corrupt means between 1991 and 1996 — during Jayalalithaa’s first tenure as CM.
 
Sasikala, Ilavarasi and Sudhakaran were sentenced to four years in jail. Special public prosecutor Bhavani Singh said a fine of Rs. 10 crore had been imposed on the three convicts.
 
The Supreme Court had transferred the case to the special court in 2003 on a petition filed by DMK leader K Anbazhagan who expressed doubts over conduct of fair trial in Tamil Nadu.
 
The DMK had filed the case in 1996 on the complaints of Anbazhagan and BJP leader (then Janata Party chief) Subramanian Swamy.
 
Tamil Nadu on edge
 
The ruling, cheered on by rival DMK, led to clashes in Chennai and elsewhere in the state.
 
Tension gripped Tamil Nadu and bordering areas with Karnataka, forcing authorities to increase police presence.
 
In February 2000, three students from the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University were burnt alive after AIADMK functionaries set ablaze a bus following Jayalalithaa’s conviction in another case.
 
Kerala too beefed up security and sounded alert on the borders with Tamil Nadu.
 
In Chennai and Madurai, AIADMK protesters burnt effigies of DMK president M Karunanidhi, his sons MK Stalin and MK Alagiri and tore party posters.
 
Supporters of the two parties also clashed in some places. A state-owned transport corporation bus was set on fire at Veppur village and some 20 buses damaged in stone-pelting in Cuddalore district, the police said.

RBI keeps key rate unchangedUpdated: September 30, 2014 23:39 IST
RBI keeps key rate unchanged
k. t. jagannathan
The central bank kept the short-term policy indicative rate (Repo rate) unchanged at 8 per cent while keeping the Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) at 4 per cent.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
As widely expected, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had kept the policy repo rate under the liquidity adjustment facility (LAF) unchanged at 8.0 per cent. 
Also, it has decided to keep the cash reserve ratio (CRR) of scheduled banks unchanged at 4.0 per cent of net demand and time liabilities (NDTL).
However, it has reduced the liquidity provided under the export credit refinance (ECR) facility from 32 per cent of eligible export credit outstanding to 15 per cent with effect from October 10.
The RBI has said that it will continue to provide liquidity under overnight repos at 0.25 per cent of bank-wise NDTL at the LAF repo rate, and liquidity under 7-day and 14-day term repos of up to 0.75 per cent of NDTL of the banking system through auctions.

Michelle Williams  Townhouse With Rooftop Waterfall For Salemichelle williams  townhouse with rooftop waterfall for sale
PM Modi must resist US lobby on drug patents  says MSFPM Narendra Modi must resist US pressure on drug patents, says MSF
Nita Bhalla     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 18:41 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: AP)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi must not give in to pressure from the United States to change intellectual property laws which allow the country to produce generic medicines poor people can afford, the medical charity Doctors Without Borders (MSF) said.
Modi, who is on a five-day visit to the United States to bolster trade and investment ties, has been meeting senior Congressmen and business leaders. The prime minister met US President Barack Obama at a White House dinner on Monday and the two will hold further talks on Tuesday.
FULL COVERAGE: PM Narendra Modi in US
MSF said US officials would lobby Modi on the issue of patents as they see the country's intellectual property regime as undermining the interests of US pharmaceutical companies.
One key target of US pressure is the country's patent law, which enables domestic firms to produce generic drugs. Another is the use of compulsory licences that jumpstart generic drug production when patented life-saving medicines cost more than patients can afford.
Washington has begun investigating the policy and the US Trade Representative (USTR) has placed India on its Priority Watch List and announced a review of the regime, which raises the possibility of sanctions against the country, MSF said.
"India's production of affordable medicines is a vital life-line for MSF's medical humanitarian operations and millions of people in developing countries," said Rohit Malpani, Director of Policy and Analysis for MSF's Access Campaign.
"India's patent laws and policies have fostered robust generic competition over the past decade, which has brought the price of medicines down substantially - in the case of HIV, by more than 90 percent. The world can't afford to see India's pharmacy shut down by US commercial interests."
MSF said the country's laws were changed in 2005 to comply with the World Trade Organization's (WTO) mandate for pharmaceutical patenting, and remain in line with international trade and intellectual property rules.
Like other emerging markets such as South Africa and China, India is battling to bring down healthcare costs and boost access to drugs for diseases such as cancer, HIV/AIDS and hepatitis.
Western drugmakers, including Pfizer, Novartis AG, Roche Holding AG and Sanofi SA, covet a bigger share of the fast-growing domestic drugs market.
They have been frustrated by a series of decisions by the government on patents and pricing as part of its push to increase access to treatment, as only 15 per cent of the country's 1.2 billion people have health insurance.
(Reuters)

Deutsche Bank withholds bonuses© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/033a6e82-48b7-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The alleged White House intruder was a veteran. Does it matterBy Dan Lamothe September 30 Follow @danlamothe
The action came quickly: Omar J. Gonzalez allegedly hopped the fence at the White House last month, rushing over the North Lawn before bursting through the front door and getting tackled in the building’s ornate East Room.
The details of that scramble into the nation’s most iconic building has captured national attention and garnered scrutiny on Capitol Hill, where an oversight committee is examining today how security could have failed so badly. But there’s another question that has not been answered: How relevant is it that he fought in Iraq for the U.S. Army?
Omar J. Gonzalez
The case hits a common narrative that frustrates many veterans: that of the individual who serves in combat, and then somehow “snaps” afterward and becomes a danger to himself and his community.
The former soldier’s family has pointed out his military history in interviews over the last few weeks while explaining what may have possessed him to allegedly take an action that could have got him killed by Secret Service agents. He was dealing with post-traumatic stress and had been living out of his car recently, a family member told The Washington Post .
Gonzalez served in Iraq as a cavalry scout, leaving the Army as a sergeant, said Wayne Collins, an Army spokesman. The soldier joined in July 1997 and was discharged in September 2003. He rejoined the service in July 2005 — not uncommon, especially at a time when the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were underway — and was retired due to an unspecified disability in December 2012, Collins said.
As a cavalry scout, Gonzalez likely conducted patrols in Iraq and served as the eyes and ears of his commander while observing enemy movement.He deployed at least once, from October 2006 to January 2008, and earned a Combat Action Badge , Army officials said, indicating he was engaged by enemy fighters at some point. 
But there are some uncertainties about his background. The New York Times reported last week that his former neighbors in Texas said he complained about a foot injury, and believed he sustained it in Iraq. The Army does not list a Purple Heart among his awards, though, raising questions about whether it occurred due to enemy action. At least one other media report has suggested the foot was injured by an improvised explosive device, attributing the information to an unnamed family member. That would qualify for the Purple Heart.
Gonzalez’s case hits themes explored recently by The Post’s Greg Jaffe in a story  out of Alaska: How much should Gonzalez be held accountable for his alleged actions if he was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder? As Jaffe’s story notes, the condition has been linked regularly to criminal behavior, especially when combined with family problems, anger and alcohol.
Still, the vast majority of veterans with post-traumatic stress commit no crimes, and many have expressed frustration when PTSD is cited as a reason for other veterans who have committed crimes. Numerous pieces to that effect were written by veterans following the mass shooting at Fort Hood, Texas, in April that killed three people and wounded 16 more.
The circumstances of Gonzalez’s case will be released over time. Until then, it may be best to reserve judgment.
 
RELATED:
During his opening remarks at a House oversight committee hearing on Tuesday, former Secret Service director W. Ralph Basham called the Sept. 19, 2014, security breach at the White House "unacceptable," but maintained that perspective was important in evaluating the incident. (AP)
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Real Estate Reasonable  Barring Aurangzeb Road  Malabar Hill: RajanReserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday said property prices in the country are not frothy barring a few pockets.
"Leave aside Aurangzeb Road and Malabar Hill from calculation," he added. ( Watch )
Aurangzeb Road, which is located in Lutyens Delhi, is home to several Indian billionaires like ArcelorMittal's LN Mittal, DLF's KP Singh and Max Healthcare's Analjit Singh.
Similarly, South Mumbai's upscale Malabar Hill hosts several business tycoons and Bollywood superstars. Billionaire investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala is known to have bought sea-facing apartments in Malabar Hill last year. (Read: Smaller Cities Trump Metros in Property Price Rise )
Prices of apartments in Malabar Hill are as high as Rs.1.35 lakh per sq feet, making it one of the most expensive neighbourhoods to stay in the world.
Dr Rajan today said that the central bank is not overly concerned with property prices even though the value of real estate appears to be increasing despite a sharp slowdown in the economy.
"The value of real estate will increase in a growing economy, but the housing data suggests that with 7-8 per cent inflation, prices are coming down in real terms because wages are going up," he added.
The flamboyant Governor, credited with bringing back stability to India's financial system, said the high cash component in property transactions offers a good cushion to banks' lending to the sector.
For buying a home, banks extend loan up to 80 per cent of the property's value, while buyers have to contribute the rest, making such transactions safe, he said.
"Loan growth to real estate sector has been strong, but it's still a relatively small portion of banks' overall balance sheet," Dr Rajan added.
In its monetary policy today, the RBI left interest rates unchanged citing high risk to its 2016 inflation target. ( Read the full story here )
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 13:01 (IST)

Buy that latte ... and be happy about itBuy that latte ... and be happy about it
By Anya Kamenetz, Tribune Content Agency, The Savings Game
If you go anywhere near a Starbucks at this time of year, you may feel the irresistible urge to buy its renowned Pumpkin Spice Latte. This sweet, spicy drink topped with whipped cream and nutmeg costs about $4 for the "tall" (i.e., small) size, 12 ounces, which delivers 300 calories -- 100 of them from fat -- and 38 grams of sugar, 50 percent more than the recommended amount for adults to consume in an entire day.
This isn't a diet column, so I'm not going to tell you not to drink one for your health's sake. Nor am I going to tut-tut about the cumulative effect of small indulgences on your personal balance sheet. Rather, the latte offers an object lesson about how to get more happiness out of the money you spend. Here are some ways to make the most of a small treat, whatever it might be.
--Turn the "latte factor" upside down. This term coined by a personal finance guru several years ago to refer to small everyday habits that stand in the way of our big financial goals. Forgoing any unnecessary expenditure -- say, $4 for a latte every workday -- could add up to a $1,000 savings per year.
0
This perspective was challenged by Helaine Olen in her 2012 book about the personal finance industry, "Pound Foolish." It's the big line items on the budget that knock most people off balance financially: stagnant wages, crushing debts, housing that's too expensive and health emergencies, to name a few. To reach real financial security you need to get control of the big ticket items and put 10 percent of your income away for a rainy day. Once you have that control, there's no reason to sweat the small stuff. That is, as long as you enjoy it.
--Make it an event. There's a lot of research showing that we get more satisfaction out of experiences than objects. And a recent study shows that especially as we get older, ordinary, everyday experiences offer a huge happiness boost.
A cup of coffee is technically an object, but if you build a ritual around it -- window shopping, sitting with the paper, chatting with a friend -- it will pay off in increased happiness. The converse is also true -- you won't get much out of a "treat" that you suck down at your desk while poring over paperwork.
--Share it with others. Humans are social creatures. The quality of our relationships is the single most important factor in our happiness. So go on a coffee run with a colleague. Or just talk to your server and the other people in line. A recent study found a happiness boost came when people were asked to engage a stranger in conversation during their morning commute.
--Give it away. Have you heard of a "pay it forward chain"? This happens when sometimes hundreds of customers at a Starbucks or other fast food chain decide to pay for the next person's drink.
Being generous has been shown to boost happiness, so the next time you buy a latte, consider tossing a few dollars in a charity box or getting an extra cup of coffee for someone who can't afford one.
--Give it up for a while. Here's where the seasonal nature of the Pumpkin Spice Latte works in your favor. Science shows that we adapt quickly to pleasurable experiences. In order to get the most bang for your buck with any small indulgence, a smart, if paradoxical, move may be to stop indulging for a week, a month or even a whole year before returning to that thing you love.
--Put it off. By the same token, a great deal of the enjoyment we get out of our pleasures comes from looking forward to them. Maybe instead of stopping on the way to work to get your latte, make it a treat for after you finish those expense reports. Or put it off the whole week till Friday, and then get a venti!
(Anya Kamenetz' next book is "The Test: Why Our Schools Are Obsessed with Standardized Testing, but You Don't Have to Be." She welcomes your questions at diyubook@gmail.com )
(c) 2014 ANYA KAMENETZ. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Drug Shares Jump After News of First American Ebola CaseAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

http://usat.ly/10l2qxJFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ducati lifts cover on new Scrambler motorcycle
EMBARGOED – for release Tuesday Sept 30 – 9 a.m. Pacific Time  LOS ANGELES  -- After months of teasing previews on social media and at locations around the world, Italian manufacturer Ducati unveiled Tuesday
Post to Facebook
Ducati lifts cover on new Scrambler motorcycle EMBARGOED – for release Tuesday Sept 30 – 9 a.m. Pacific Time  LOS ANGELES  -- After months of teasing previews on social media and at locations around the world, Italian manufacturer Ducati unveiled Tuesday Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vuzYoD
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ducati lifts cover on new Scrambler motorcycle
William M. Welch , USA TODAY 4:27 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
Italian motorcycle manufacturer Ducati unveiled Tuesday its new Scrambler motorcycle, which recalls its first motorcycle built for the U.S. market in 1962. It has been promoting the new line with teaser glimpses on social media since June.
(Photo: Ducati)
140 CONNECT 50 TWEET LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
LOS ANGELES  -- After months of teasing previews on social media and at locations around the world, Italian manufacturer Ducati unveiled Tuesday its new for 2015 Scrambler motorcycle, an affordable update on a retro-classic design aimed at a new generation of riders.
The Scrambler is a light 800cc air-cooled twin cylinder-powered motorcycle built for the street or modest off-pavement enduro riding.
Visually and in concept, the Scrambler recalls Ducati's successful first foray into the U.S. market back in 1962, when it began a decade-long run of small, efficient and motorcycles under the Scrambler name.
But this new Scrambler, Ducati says, is more than a play for the retro market of Boomers who can recall Scrambler of the '60s and early '70s, or the small British and Japanese bikes it competed with.
Priced around $8,600, it is aimed at attracting young, new riders including women who, the manufacturer hopes, will find it a fun, compelling and affordable way to enter the Ducati experience. It is intended as a motorcycle far easier to handle, more accessible and cheaper to maintain than Ducati's Superbike line and even its street-friendly Monster line.
The marketing campaign leaves no doubt that the targets are young hipsters who may not have ridden motorbikes before. "Anti-conformist, accessible and essential, the Ducati Scrambler is a perfect mix of tradition and modernity, a stride towards the pure essence of motorcycling,'' Ducati's promo material says.
Ducati has been teasing out sneak preview glimpses of small portions of the bike since June on social media including Pinterest, Tumbler, Facebook and Twitter as well as with stop-motion animation created by three Italian teens on a dedicated website.
Ducati hyped sneak previews in Italy for Ducati workers first, then Ducati owners, allowing only brief peeks at the bike inside a bright-yellow shipping container. It even opened a Scrambler Cafe in Bangkok, made out of yellow shipping containers, aimed at building global interest.
This is a rear view of the 2015 Ducati Scrambler motorcycle, which the Italian manufacturer unveiled Tuesday. It is aimed at new and young riders, but with appeal built around its bike by the same name of the 1960s and '70s.
(Photo: Ducati)
The new Scrambler has a modern Ducati L-shaped twin motor, tuned for relaxed riding, not speed and high performance. It includes some tech touches designed to appeal to younger riders, such as a USB socket for charging a smart phone and distinctive, ultra-modern LED lighting front, back and even side. It has modern ABS brakes.
Most importantly, it is light and agile, weighing 375 pounds dry, with wide handlebars for easy control and a comfortable seating position.
The Scrambler boasts retro styling elements, such as a tear-drop shaped fuel tank with side logo panels, a familiar-looking steel Trellis frame and mildly knobby Pirelli tires capable on street or trail.
The first of the new Scramblers brought into the United States are in a color Ducati calls "62 yellow,'' recalling the old model. It's also available in red. As you might expect, Ducati plans a full line of accessories and apparel around its latest line.
140 CONNECT 50 TWEET LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vuzYoD
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Buy ONGC  Sell Cairn India Today: Sanjeev BhasinLupin Gains on Hopes of Hike in Foreign Investment Limit
Indian markets saw huge intra-day volatility as RBI policy got discounted positively yet currency cross-currents on emerging markets saw sentiment turn negative as rupee hit seven month low.
The short trading week with next 5 days as holiday will see low volumes & subdued participation. Expect another slow range-bound day with stock specific movement.
For today we are suggesting 1 buy/sell call for next 3/4 days:
1) Buy ONGC @ Rs 405-Rs 410, stop loss Rs 396, target Rs 441
2) Sell Cairn India @ Rs 311-Rs 314, stop loss Rs 320, target Rs 296
We also suggest booking profit in the yesterday pair trade where long Colgate almost met our target & gave gains of 5% while short Hindunilever closed down 0.25%.
We also hold our option "short strangle' on Bank Nifty as under:
Sell Bank nifty 16000 call @ Rs 150-Rs 155
Sell Bank Nifty 15000 put @ Rs 130-Rs 135
Total premium earned Rs 280-Rs 285
Look for reduction in volatility & buy around Rs 120-Rs 125 as time series plays out.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 08:45 (IST)

Sensex  Nifty Flat amid Rupee Weakness; IT Stocks RallyYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Flat amid Rupee Weakness; IT Stocks Rally
NDTV | Updated On: October 01, 2014 11:21 (IST)
The BSE Sensex and Nifty were choppy on Wednesday tracking weakness in the rupee, which fell to 61.95 per dollar. Most emerging market currencies have weakened against the dollar over growing bets for an early hike in US interest rates.
September was the worst month for the rupee since the record low levels of August 2013.
Markets have also come under pressure by sustained selling by overseas investors over the last few days. On Tuesday, FIIs sold shares worth Rs 486 crore in cash market. Domestic institutional investors bought shares worth Rs 201 crore.
IT stocks gained tracking the weakness in the rupee. The CNX IT sub-index which gained 1.7 per cent was the top gainer among sectoral indices. Wipro was the top Nifty gainer, up 2.64 per cent. TCS and Tech Mahindra were up around 1.8 per cent each.
Auto stocks also rose on hopes of good sales during the ongoing festival season. Hero MotoCorp, India's biggest two-wheeler maker, rose 1.17 per cent.
Pressure was seen in banking and metal stocks. Jindal Steel & Power was the top Nifty loser, down 3.1 per cent, while IndusInd Bank fell 1.9 per cent.
Index heavyweights such as Reliance Industries and ITC also traded lower, pulling the Nifty down.
As of 11.15 a.m., the Sensex traded 25 points lower at 26,606, while the Nifty was down 9 points at 7,956.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Rupee Weakens to Lowest Since March 4You are here: Home Market
Rupee Weakens to Lowest Since March 4
Reuters | Updated On: October 01, 2014 09:49 (IST)
The rupee fell as low as 61.95 per dollar on Wednesday, its weakest level since March 4, as traders unwound positions ahead of holidays and at a time when the greenback is gaining globally.
The pair was last traded at 61.92, weaker than its 61.7450/61.7550 close on Tuesday.
Markets will be closed from Thursday to Monday due to festivals.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Narendra Modi holds talk with Barack Obamapicture  others
Narendra Modi holds talks with Barack Obama
Prime Minister Narendra Modi held talks with US President Barack Obama on 'substantive' bilateral, regional and international issues including defence, security, trade and situation in West Asia in view of threat by Islamic State militants.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves as President Barack Obama looks on after briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Narendra Modi drove straight from Blair House to the famous West Wing of the White House to hold talks with Obama, first in restrictive format followed by delegation level.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves as he arrives at the White House in Washington DC for a meeting with US President Barack Obama on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
This is the second meeting between Modi and Obama, who hosted a private dinner for the Indian Prime Minister on his arrival from New York. (Source: PTI)
Modi and Obama had met in an informal setting in Blue Room of the White House and shared their experiences after taking over as Prime Minister and the President respectively apart from discussing areas of cooperation in combating Ebola virus and the situation in war-torn Afghanistan. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi talks to  President Barack Obama at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi talks to  President Barack Obama at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama  during briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama shake hands after briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama shake hands after briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
President Barack Obama escorts Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington. President Barack Obama lauded India's new prime minister for focusing on economic growth and addressing the needs of the "poorest of the poor."  (Source: PTI)
Related

Rupee nears 62; lowest vs dollar since March 4Indian rupee weakens to lowest since March 4
By Reuters | 1 Oct, 2014, 09.56AM IST
The pair was last traded at 61.92, weaker than its 61.7450/61.7550 close on Tuesday.
ET SPECIAL:
MUMBAI: The Indian rupee fell as low as 61.95 per dollar on Wednesday, its weakest level since March 4, as traders unwound positions ahead of holidays and at a time when the greenback is gaining globally.
The pair was last traded at 61.92, weaker than its 61.7450/61.7550 close on Tuesday.
Markets will be closed from Thursday to Monday due to festivals.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow
READ MORE ON » markets

eBay takes Icahn s advice to spin off PayPal in 2015Story
eBay follows Carl Icahn's advice, plans PayPal spin off in 2015
Supantha Mukherjee, Lehar Maan,Liana B. Baker and Svea A. Herbst     Bangalore/New York/Boston   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 11:04 IST
A PayPal card sits at a cashier station at a Home Depot store in Daly City, California, February 21, 2012. (Photo: Reuters)
eBay Inc plans next year to spin off PayPal, its fast-growing payments business, giving in to activist investor Carl Icahn's argument for a leaner company better equipped to compete in the competitive mobile payments market .
eBay's shares rose as much as 8 per cent after the company said it would spin off PayPal as a publicly traded company in the second half of 2015, a transaction that will be tax-free to shareholders.
eBay Chief Executive John Donahoe had previously resisted Icahn's proposal, saying PayPal was integral to eBay's business, and vice versa.
Icahn, eBay's sixth-largest shareholder with a 2.48 per cent stake as of June 30, backed off from his demand in April. He also withdrew his two nominees to eBay's board, but in a concession, the company added a 10th independent director.
Several activist investors have stepped up pressure on companies to spin off assets as a way to create value. B/E Aerospace Inc and JDS Uniphase are among those to have agreed, while others such as Darden Restaurants Inc and EMC Corp are fighting it out.
Donahoe, in an interview with the New York Times, acknowledged that eBay was following Icahn's recommended strategy. But he contended the company arrived at its conclusion through "a deliberate process" and not by reacting to pressure.
"A thorough strategic review with our board shows that keeping eBay and PayPal together beyond 2015 clearly becomes less advantageous to each business strategically and competitively," Donahoe said in a statement.
Icahn could not immediately be reached for comment.
The spinoff will separate the payment business - which contributes a little over 40 per cent to eBay's revenue - from its marketplaces and enterprise businesses.
eBay said revenue in its marketplaces and enterprise businesses increased 10 per cent to $9.9 billion in the last four quarters, while PayPal's revenue rose 19 per cent to $7.2 billion.
"By separating marketplace and PayPal, it could make marketplace more attractive as an acquisition (target), which is something that investors have been thinking about since Alibaba's IPO," PiperJaffray analysts wrote.
PayPal faces competition from Google Inc's Google Wallet and a number of other vendors. Apple Inc also plans to enter the online payments market with its Apple Pay service.
"On PayPal, investors will still contemplate the risk of PayPal directly competing with Apple Pay and Google Wallet, which will likely add some uncertainty to PayPal's standalone valuation," PiperJaffray analysts said.
After the spinoff, the new eBay will be headed by Devin Wenig, president of eBay marketplaces and former head of the markets division of Thomson Reuters Corp.
PayPal's chief executive after the spinoff will be Dan Schulman, former head of American Express Co's online and mobile payment business.
"I don't think we would have got Dan if it weren't for having a CEO opportunity and he is just the right guy at the right time," Donahoe said on a conference call with analysts.
Donahoe and Chief Financial Officer Bob Swan will oversee the separation and serve on the boards of both companies.
eBay had a market value of $65.36 billion as of Monday.
The company's shares were trading up 7 per cent at $56.32 on Tuesday morning.
PayPal was founded in the late 1990s and went public in 2002 and was acquired by eBay soon afterward for $1.5 billion.
Goldman Sachs & Co and Allen & Co LLC are eBay's financial advisers and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen and Katz is its legal counsel.
(Reuters)

Factories expanded slowest in Sept this year: HSBC PMIOct 01, 2014, 11.03 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Factories expanded slowest in Sept this year: HSBC PMI
The HSBC Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), compiled by Markit, fell to 51.0 in September from 52.4 in August but sustained above the 50 mark for the eleventh month. A reading above 50 separates growth from contraction.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Factories expanded slowest in Sept this year: HSBC PMI
The HSBC Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), compiled by Markit, fell to 51.0 in September from 52.4 in August but sustained above the 50 mark for the eleventh month. A reading above 50 separates growth from contraction.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian factory activity expanded at its slowest pace in nine months in September as growth in new orders slowed, dragging on overall output, a business survey showed on Wednesday.
The HSBC Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), compiled by Markit, fell to 51.0 in September from 52.4 in August but sustained above the 50 mark for the eleventh month. A reading above 50 separates growth from contraction.
The new orders sub-index fell to 51.3 from 54.5, the steepest fall in 18 months, underscoring weak demand, while output in factories fell to a four-month low.
"Responding to the slowdown, firms lowered purchases and trimmed inventories. The rate of cost inflation decelerated sharply and output prices were unchanged," said Frederic Neumann, co-head of Asian economic research at HSBC.
Input prices or the cost of raw materials rose at its slowest pace in 16 months, the survey showed, indicating overall inflation may show signs of cooling in the near future.
Wholesale inflation in India dipped to 3.74 percent in August, its lowest in five years, even as consumer inflation remained high at 7.80 percent. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) aims to lower retail inflation to 6 percent by January 2016 .
Elevated inflation and risks of a spiral in food and fuel prices prompted RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to keep interest rates unchanged on Tuesday.
However, it cut the ceiling on bonds that must be held-to-maturity by 2 percentage points and expects to complete the process by September 2015.
India's economy has slowed in recent years due to a mix of high interest rates, slumping investments, policy uncertainty and anaemic global growth.
But the landslide win of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's party has fueled hopes of major reforms in infrastructure, labor markets and foreign investment caps in various sectors.
The government has, however, taken only minor steps so far to encourage investments and savings.
"The RBI would rather see growth recovery supported by supply side reforms than through monetary policy stimulus," Neumann added.
RELATED NEWS

IT surges  Maruti Tata Steel down 2%; Sensex choppyOct 01, 2014, 10.59 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IT surges, Maruti & Tata Steel down 2%; Sensex choppy
Technology stocks saw huge buying interest on depreciation in rupee. TCS, Infosys and Wipro rallied 1-3 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IT surges, Maruti & Tata Steel down 2%; Sensex choppy
Technology stocks saw huge buying interest on depreciation in rupee. TCS, Infosys and Wipro rallied 1-3 percent.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
10:59am Videocon in focus
Direct to home service provider Videocon D2H has filed for initial public offer (IPO) to raise up to Rs 700 crore, the market regulator Sebi said.
The company had received the regulator’s approval in March 2013 for its proposed IPO but did not launch the same due to bad market conditions.
In an earlier interview to CNBC-TV18, the chairman and managing director Venugopal Dhoot had said that Videocon D2H is looking at a Diwali release for its proposed float.
When asked whether the proceeds will be used purely for acquisition or to repay some of the debt, Dhoot has said it would mainly be for expansion.
10:40am Maruti Suzuki slips nearly 2%
Maruti Suzuki sold 1.09 lakh units in September, down nearly a percent compared 1.10 lakh units in previous month but up 4.6 percent compared to same month last year. Sales were lower than analysts' expectations of 1.2 lakh units.
Domestic sales grew 9.8 percent year-on-year to 99,290 units and passenger vehicle sales rose by 3.1 percent to 81,447 units but exports declined 28.2 percent to 10,452 units during the same period.
10:20am FII View
Indian equities are done away with the Modi premium over the past three months and are back to focusing on high quality stocks with high earnings visibility, says Ridham Desai, Managing Director, Morgan Stanley. However, this skepticism is good for the bulls, he tells CNBC-TV18 in an interview.
Second quarter earnings season, which kicks off from October 10, will be watched out and sectors like healthcare, technology and consumer staples are likely to post strong growth, he adds.
Once earnings are out of the way, the state elections will be market's focus in the start of Q3. “The BJP is taking risks by going alone in Maharashtra state elections and the market is trying to price in this event. But any adverse election result for BJP in Maharashtra could be a negative cue for the market,” cautions Desai.
On the macro front, Inflation remains a major concern for India at this point of time, but Desai expects the inflation situation to improve in the next six-eight months.
10:00am Market Check
Equity benchmarks remained rangebound as investors stayed sideways ahead of long weekend. The Sensex fell 8.41 points to 26622.10 and the Nifty declined 6.20 points to 7958.60.
The broader markets maintained marginal gains with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rising 0.2 percent each. Advancing shares beat declining ones by a ratio of 1076 to 897 on the BSE.
Technology stocks saw huge buying interest on depreciation in rupee. TCS, Infosys and Wipro rallied 1-3 percent.
Shares of Axis Bank, Tata Motors, Dr Reddy's Labs, Hero Motocorp, NTPC, Bharti Airtel and Coal India were up 0.4-1 percent while Tata Steel, Hindalco Industries and Gail India topped the selling list, down 2-2.5 percent.
ITC, Reliance Industries, HDFC Bank, HDFC, ONGC, HUL, SBI, Sesa Sterlite, BHEL and Maruti Suzuki lost 0.4-1 percent.
09:15

Windows 10: Seeks to offer the familiarity of Windows 7 with the benefits of Windows 846
2
San Francisco: Microsoft is trying to soften an unpopular redesign of Windows by reviving features from older versions while still attempting to nudge desktop users into a world of touch screens and mobile devices.
The company on Tuesday gave an early preview of the new Windows 10 software, which it aims to begin selling by the middle of next year. Although the current version is called Windows 8, Microsoft says it's skipping ahead to Windows 10 to emphasise its effort to move forward.
"Windows 10 represents the first step in a whole new generation of Windows," said Terry Myerson, executive vice president of Microsoft's operating systems group.
Microsoft on Tuesday gave an early preview of the new Windows 10 software, which it aims to begin selling by the middle of next year.
#windows 10 #windows 8 #windows 7 #windows os
Windows 8 was introduced two years ago as an answer to the growing demand for mobile devices. But many users hated it because its tablet-like design and controls weren't a good fit for many devices using keyboards and mice. Sales of personal computers continued to fall.
With Windows 10, Microsoft is trying to regain the loyalty of longtime PC users, while reaching out to consumers and businesses that are increasingly adopting touch-screen smartphones and tablets.
Analysts consider the success of the new Windows crucial for Microsoft and new CEO Satya Nadella, who must show that Microsoft can embrace mobile devices without sacrificing the traditional computing experience.
The new system will be a blend of the old and the new. For instance, it will have various controls that are familiar to users of older Windows systems, such as a start menu to quickly access apps. But this start button will also open a series of tiles that resemble what's found in Windows 8.
Analysts said that more gradual transition is important if Microsoft wants to persuade users to upgrade.
"This is what Windows 8 should have been," said Carolina Milanesi, a veteran tech analyst at the research firm Kantar Worldpanel. "Here they are doing the right thing."
Microsoft executives signalled they got that message on Tuesday. They stressed repeatedly that using the next version of Windows won't be a challenge for businesses or consumers who have continued to use Windows 7 or even earlier versions.
The new software seeks to offer "the familiarity of Windows 7 with some of the benefits that exist in Windows 8," said Joe Belfiore, a Microsoft executive who oversees Windows design and evolution.
He compared it to buying a new car with a more powerful engine and a better audio system, without having to "learn a new way to drive."
Windows 10, for instance, will suggest new ways to use or navigate through files, without forcing users to abandon the old way, Belfiore said.
"We're designing the experience so that as you use it, the things you already know are familiar and present, but new value is presented to you at a rate that's easier for you to ingest," he said.
The effort drew tentative praise from several industry experts.
"They desperately needed to find a way to bridge that experience. I just wish they'd done that with Windows 8," said Rob Enderle, a tech analyst with the Enderle Group.
Milanesi said that while many businesses resisted upgrading to Windows 8, they can't avoid touch screens as younger workers are accustomed to using phones or tablets as their primary computing device.
Windows 10 will also be designed to work on a wider range of computing devices.
Microsoft currently has three main systems - Windows 8 for traditional computers and tablets, Windows Phone 8 for cellphones and Xbox for its gaming console. By unifying the underlying systems in Windows 10, software developers will be able to create apps for the various devices more easily. Consumers will also be able to switch devices more easily and avoid having to buy the same apps multiple times.
That doesn't mean the apps will always look the same. Developers will still be able to adapt apps for the various screen sizes, but won't have to start from the beginning for each version.
User interfaces on the various devices may also differ, even as they share underlying technologies. For now, Microsoft plans to keep the current Xbox interface on the game console.
Enderle said Microsoft's effort to create a single platform should help lure more developers to write apps - something the company needs to boost usage of Windows tablets and phones.
Windows is the most widely used PC operating system in the world, but it is steadily losing ground as more people turn to smartphones and tablets, which primarily run on operating systems from Microsoft rivals Apple and Google. That's why Nadella wants to create one system that will run on all devices.
"It's certainly an ambitious goal, but it's also a little early to tell how it will work," said Michael Silver, a tech analyst at Gartner.
Apple and Google have both rejected Microsoft's approach of unifying the various systems, preferring to keep systems for PCs and mobile devices separate.
Microsoft also touted new security and management features for business customers, which represent a lucrative market for the company. Almost half of all PCs are used in the workplace, according to Gartner.
While a "technical preview" version of the software is being released this week, Microsoft said it won't be ready to talk about new consumer features until next year.
Microsoft declined to say how much the new software would cost or how it will be distributed. Analysts have speculated that the company might be considering a subscription model - as it has with Office software - rather than selling each new version of Windows separately.
271

TCS  company of the year  miles ahead of peers | Zomato is startup of the yr(Over the past year TCS has…)
Company of the Year: TCS
(The award seeks to recognise a company that has consistently set clear performance benchmarks for the rest of the industry and strived to be a world leader)
Tata Consultancy Services is worth more than its three closest rivals put together — Infosys, Wipro and HCL Technologies. The first company to surpass valuation of Rs 5 lakh crore on the domestic bourses, earlier this year, has been the leader of the Indian information technology industry by a long mile. But over the past year it has also staked its claim to the upper reaches of the global IT sector as it has entered the rarified club of top 10 IT companies in the world.
TCS has overtaken Accenture in headcount and is now second only to International Business Machines in the number of people it employs. It has the lowest attrition rate among the top IT companies and of the 300,000 people on its rolls, a third are women.
Although Accenture's annual revenues were more than double those of TCS' $13.4 billion in the past financial year, the Indian company has posted larger profits over the past two quarters. Moreover, analysts expect it to buck the trend in the IT industry of slower growth in a company as its size increases.
The National Association for Software and Services Companies or Nasscom expects the Indian IT industry to grow 13%-15% in the current financial year. N Chandrasekaran , CEO of TCS has confidently declared that his company will surpass that target.
"Talk to any incumbent Western service provider today, and the one making them all tremble from the subcontinent is TCS," analyst firm HfS said of the company.
Chandrasekaran, who was recently reappointed for a second five-year term at the Mumbai-based IT behemoth, is steering towards more broad-based growth and making the company less dependent on the US financial services industry. He spearheaded an acquisition in Japan that will boost the company's revenue from that large and largely untapped IT market by five times.
Newer technologies like cloud, mobility, social media and analytics are expected to contribute $5 billion to the company's revenues in the next three to five years.
TCS has also overcome a major weakness — lower profitability. For years, Infosys had the best margins in the industry at about 30% in 2008-09. But since then TCS has boosted its offshore utilisation, kept down employee costs and sales expenses, to post the best margins in the industry. TCS had an operating margin of 29.1% in 2013-14 while Infosys achieved 24%.
TCS is well on its way to becoming a true Indian multinational. It operates in 44 countries and is a considered good corporate citizen in all of them. In its largest market, the US, it has taken steps to improve science and technology education and is the title sponsor for the New York Marathon.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PIO cards now have lifetime validity  notifies Home Ministry as per PM s promisePIO cards now have lifetime validity, notifies Home Ministry as per PM's promise
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 11.58AM IST
Tags:
Home Ministry
(Earlier, foreigners of…)
NEW DELHI: Within hours of an announcement to that effect by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the US at the Madison Square Garden, the Home Ministry has notified new rules on Tuesday stipulating that all NRIs holding Persons of Indian Origin (PIO) cards will now get lifelong entry to India.
Amending the PIO Card Scheme, 2002 on September 30, the Home Ministry has now notified that PIO Card issued to an applicant shall be valid for his life time from the date of its issue provided that such applicant has a valid passport.
Earlier, foreigners of Indian Origin had PIO cards with only 15 years validity for visa-free entry to India and they had to extend it for 10 years at a time if desired. Now, PIO cards will have life-time validity, as promised by Modi in New York on Monday and the process of extensions has been done away with.
"It is hereby clarified that a PIO Card which has been issued prior to the date of publication of this notification shall be deemed to be valid for life time of its holder subject to the condition that such person has a valid passport," as per the Scheme for issuance of Person of Indian Origin Card (PIO Card) Amendment Scheme, 2014, which has been notified by the Home Ministry.
The Home Ministry has also changed rules that earlier stipulated that PIO card holders spending more than 180 days in India were required to register themselves with the concerned Foreigners Regional Registration Officer / Foreigners Registration Officer (FRRO/FRO) here. The new rules stipulate that no PIO card holder needs to register with the FRRO irrespective of the duration of his stay in India. Modi had announced the same in New York.
PIO Card Scheme for foreigners of Indian origin having foreign passport was introduced by the Indian Government on March, 30, 1999. A total 52,264 persons, till 2010 have obtained PIO cards.
PIO is granted to foreigners married to Indian citizens, a person whose parents/grandparents/great grandparents are or had been of Indian origin and minors whose parents are Indian citizens or one parent is an Indian citizen and the others is not. PIO card is not allowed to nationals of Pakistan, Bangladesh, Afghanistan, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, Nepal and China.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bezos  Nadella  now Zuckerberg: US comes to ...Amaon
(Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg may…)
NEW DELHI: Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg will be visiting India this month and will most likely meet in this country one of the biggest fans (and user) of the social networking phenomenon he has created — Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Zuckerberg's visit to India, Facebook's fastest-growing market, will mark a hat-trick of India visits by high-profile CEOs of American corporations in a fortnight. Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and Microsoft boss Satya Nadella are already in the country now.
Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad confirmed to ETthat Zuckerberg, one of the world's youngest billionaires with a personal wealth estimated at $33 billion, has sought meetings with the prime minister and other senior ministers between October 9 and 10.
Second Facebook honcho to visit India
The minister declined to share more details of the meetings, but Facebook is widely tipped to be partnering the government in Swachh Bharat, one of Modi's pet initiatives aimed at improving cleanliness levels across the country.
A spokesman for Facebook India declined comment on the visit as well as the proposed partnership. Zuckerberg, 30, will be the second top executive from Facebook to come calling since the Modi government was sworn into power.
In July, Facebook's Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg visited the country and also met Modi, who was among the early Indian politicians to effectively use the power of social networks first during the election campaign and later even in government.
Modi has alluded to the power of Facebook and Twitter, another social networking tool he uses regularly, in his speeches, most recently in one of his public speeches in the US.
When Modi met Sandberg in July, he had suggested the use of Facebook for improving governance, better interaction between people and government, and to attract more tourists to India. He had also spoken to her on how Facebook could assist India in his drive to improve cleanliness. Modi will launch a Swachh Bharat campaign in Delhi on October 2 and the government plans to propagate the massive project through a social media outreach programme on Facebook.
Zuckerberg's visit will not be all about schmoozing with the government. Another person familiar with the visit said Zuckerberg will speak at the Facebook-promoted Internet.org's Content and Usability Summit, which is being held in Delhi. The summit aims to focus on accelerating the creation and consumption of locally relevant content and value-added services in India, according to an invitation sent out by Internet.org.
India is an important market for the social networking company. According to market research firm eMarketer, India is the company's second-biggest market after the US in terms of the number of users. India, however, will account for the fastest growth — 40% — in people logging on to the social networking platform in 2014. The number of users in India will touch 108.9 million by the end of the year compared with 77.8 million in 2013 — almost 10% of the Indian population and mostly young people.
The Modi government is also tying up with the charity foundation of Microsoft founder Bill Gates, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which will share its R&D experience and also transfer technology to build cost-effective toilets across the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

UP train collision: 12 dead | Victims to ge...You are here: Home > Collections
12 killed, 45 injured in train collision near Gorakhpur
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 11.20AM IST
Tags:
Alok Kumar Singh
(The CPRO said that Rapid…)
GORAKHPUR: t least 12 persons were killed and 45 injured when a speeding passenger train allegedly jumped signal and collided with another train which was taking a turn on a loop line near here last night.
The Maduadeeh-Lucknow Krishak Express hit Barauni bound express train from Lucknow from the side while it was on the loop line at Nandanagar railway crossing, about seven kilometers from here, at around 11 PM, Chief Public Relation Officer of North- Eastern Railway Alok Kumar Singh told PTI today.
Three coaches of Barauni Express were badly damaged in the collision.
12 passengers have died in the accident, Singh said adding the Loco pilot of Krishak Express Ram Bahadur and assistant Loco pilot Satyajeet have been suspended for allegedly overshooting the signal.
"Prima facie it appears the Krishak Express was supposed to stop, but it overshot the signal," he said. The train was going towards Lucknow while Barauni express was coming from the state capital.
45 passengers were injured in the accident and condition of 12 was stated to be serious, the official said.
"An inquiry has been ordered by the railway under Commissioner Rail Safety P K Bajpai to ascertain the cause of the incident," another spokesman Anil Saxena said.
The CPRO said that Rapid Action Force, Gorkha Regiment and railway police have reached the spot and started the rescue work.
The injured have been admitted at different hospitals in Gorakhpur.
The railway has also set up helpline for inquiries for various cities -- Gorakhpur (05513303365, 09794846980), Lucknow (05222233042), Chhapra (09006693233) and Benares (09919041978), the spokesperson said.
Movement of trains on Gorakhpur-Varanasi track was disrupted following the incident and few trains have been diverted.
Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda has expressed "profound grief" over the loss of lives and announced compensation for the victims.
An enhanced ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh will be given to the families of the deceased, Rs one lakh for grievously injured and Rs 20,000 for those sustaining simple injuries, a railway official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A vanishing tribe: Delhi s Durga makers need prayersPerched atop a wooden platform, as the skilled hands of a bleary eyed Gobindo Nath draws the eyes of the 10-feet tall idol inside a darkened tent with a flickering bulb, the face of the goddess comes alive.
 
“This thin orange ring drawn inside the pupil is what gives the goddesses’ face the aura,” Nath tells a mesmerised employee standing below, clearly trying to learn tricks of the trade from the master himself.
 
Thirty-nine-year old Nath, who lives in south Delhi’s Govindpuri, is one of the many artisans who make idols of Goddess Durga and her four children for the four-day long Durga Puja in the capital.
Artists say the demand for idols is rising, but the compensation is not adequate for the sheer amount of hard work they put in. (HT Photo/Raj K Raj)
For nearly three months a year, the tent erected inside the Shiv Mandir complex of Chittaranjan Park is home for Nath and score of other artisans who work for him.
 
From about 15 in the 1950s to nearly 600 now, the number of Durga Puja pandals or marquees in Delhi NCR has spiralled. There are many artists who come to Delhi, particularly from Krishnanagar in West Bengal, for the months preceding the Puja. Then there are those like Nath, who have grown up here.
 
“I don’t remember when my father first came here to make idols but he stayed on. I have grown up playing with clay and making idols comes naturally to us,” says Nath.
 
None of these artisans have any formal training in sculpting, it’s an art passed from generation to generation in a closely knit community.
 
“We have learnt by watching our elders and if you study the human body closely, the musculature and bone structure, you get an idea of anatomy and proportions,” says Bhabesh Pal, 50, applying faux hair on the idols he is creating at the New Delhi Kali Bari.
 
Wearing a soiled lungi and vest, Krishnanagar’s Pal feels at home at the temple premises, a home away from home.
 
“I have been coming to Delhi for 10 years and will now move to Patna where I have order to make idols for Kali Puja,” he says.
 
Despite the trek every year, Pal says the compensation is not adequate for the sheer amount of hard work they put in. The idols sell from anything between Rs. 35,000 to Rs. 1 lakh, depending on the size and intricacy of the work and costs of material have gone up too. But then, this is the only way they know how to make a living.
 
“It’s a vanishing art. Not because there is no demand, which is only increasing every year but because the younger generation wants a more comfortable living and this is too much hard work for them,” says Biswajit Pal, 51, another artisan.
 
“They prefer jobs that might not pay much but at least they get to spend some time with their families,” says Pal.
 
Nath’s son studies in a ‘good’ school and he is not sure if he will follow in the footsteps of his forefathers.
 
“It is for him to decide because the work is hard. Even my three brothers have moved on to other jobs.”
 
The work starts from June-August, when hay is put on a skeletal wooden frame, which is then covered with clay. From the clay to the paint and the idol’s clothes, hair and jewellery, nothing is from Delhi.
 
“The clay comes from Jhajjar, Haryana because Delhi’s soil is not suited for this work. Everything else comes from Kolkata,” says Subir Pal (33), whose idols go to puja pandals in south Delhi, Rohini and Dwarka.
 
Subir’s father, Sambhu Pal, first came to Delhi in 1959 and became so popular for his idols that he did not have to go back.
 
“Not only Durga Puja, number of other religious celebrations such as Ganesh Chaturthi has gone up. Number of Ganesh idols I make now is more than that of Durga idols,” he says.
 
Their idols captivate the faithful for four days in pandals spread across Delhi NCR and the appreciation they get is the biggest remuneration, Subir says.
 
“It is tough when the puja organisers come to take the idols that you have worked on for months and shielded from the sun and rains. It is like giving away your mother,” he said.
 
He has never gone to see the idol’s immersion, ever.
 

Mindtree dips; brokerages downgrade stock on rich valuationOct 01, 2014, 11.23 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mindtree dips; brokerages downgrade stock on rich valuation
The midcap IT company rallied 73 percent in the past six months (versus the Sensex up 18 percent) and is currently trading at 16.3X FY16E P/E, making it one of the most expensive stocks in Indian IT coverage, the brokerage reasoned.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mindtree dips; brokerages downgrade stock on rich valuation
The midcap IT company rallied 73 percent in the past six months (versus the Sensex up 18 percent) and is currently trading at 16.3X FY16E P/E, making it one of the most expensive stocks in Indian IT coverage, the brokerage reasoned.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Mindtree fell more than a percent in early trade Wednesday after brokerages downgraded the stock due to high valuation.
Goldman Sachs downgraded the stock to sell from neutral rating while Credit Suisse downgraded it to neutral (though it has been its preferred midcap pick in the sector) but both brokerages raised target price.
Goldman increased its 12-month target price on the stock to Rs 990 from Rs 900 earlier while Credit Suisse raised target to Rs 1,150 due to "rolling over" earnings and reducing the discount to larger peers (target multiple of 15x September-16E earnings).
The midcap IT company rallied 73 percent in the past six months (versus the Sensex up 18 percent) and is currently trading at 16.3X FY16E P/E, making it one of the most expensive stocks in Indian IT coverage, the brokerage reasoned.
At the current price, Goldman believes Mindtree is already pricing in more than 20 percent revenue/EPS CAGR for FY14-FY16E versus forecasts of 18 percent/16 percent, and implying a long-term revenue CAGR of 17 percent versus 14 percent for the sector as per reverse discounted cash flow (DCF) analysis.
It also believes 16.3X P/E for a mid-cap company leaves hardly any room for the already stretched expectations to disappoint, which may result in underperformance versus the sector. The BSE IT Index surged more than 21 percent in past six months.
Software services provider's net profit in April-June quarter rose 31 percent sequentially to Rs 129 crore on forex gain while rupee revenue grew 2.4 percent to Rs 843.5 crore quarter-on-quarter. Dollar revenue jumped 6.4 percent, the highest among midcap IT companies, to USD 141.3 million in June quarter compared to USD 132.8 million in March quarter.
As far as its September quarter earnings are concerned,  Credit Suisse says while revenue growth is likely to remain healthy, it will slow from 6.4 percent Q-o-Q (USD) in Q1 to 3.8 percent due to the high base and some sluggishness in the retail segment.
Mindtree (which has delivered strong performance in recent quarters) will have industry-leading revenue growth in FY15, it adds.
However, post FY15, Goldman Sachs believes Mindtree’s earnings growth will decelerate to 10 percent by FY17E (from 18 percent in FY15E) driven by USD revenue growth moderating from 20 percent in FY15E to 15 percent by FY17E as its recent strong deal win momentum is somewhat offset by waning benefits from its strategy of pruning tail-end clients and mining its top customers better. There is a limited room to expand margins despite strong revenue growth as utilization is now 250 basis points above historical average and wage hikes pose near-term headwinds, it added.
Hence, it expects Mindtree's CROCI to slip to the fourth quartile by FY17E. Further, Mindtree is most exposed to earnings risks from a depreciating Euro in its coverage, said the brokerage.
Key risks, according to the brokerage, are potential large deal wins/M&A and stake sale by PE investors.
At 09:36 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,174.00, down Rs 2.00, or 0.17 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Relatives to slug it out in Maharashtra poll ringOct 01, 2014 at 11:40am IST
Relatives to slug it out in Maharashtra poll ring
10
0
Mumbai: Maharashtra will witness many politicians battling it out against their relatives who are contesting as candidates of rival parties to enter the Assembly. Ashish Deshmukh, nephew of NCP leader and Food and Civil Supplies minister Anil Deshmukh, is pitted against his uncle in Katol, which Anil has been representing since 1995.
Ashish, who is a BJP candidate, is the son of former state Congress chief Ranjit Deshmukh while his elder brother Amol is the NCP candidate from Ramtek for the October 15 polls Ashish said he was always with the BJP and contested the 2009 assembly polls from Saoner. "I lost narrowly. I am a supporter of smaller states which the BJP advocates. NCP has done injustice to Vidarbha and I want to ensure that NCP does not get a single seat in the region," he said, asserting that political ideologies do not come in way of family relations.
His brother Amol was interested in getting a ticket from the Congress. But the party fielded Shiv Sena leader turned Congressman Subodh Mohite. Instead of contesting as an independent, Amol went into the NCP fold. Politics drove a wedge in the family of late BJP leader Gopinath Munde when he chose his eldest daughter Pankaja to replace him in Parli assembly constituency in 2009 over his nephew Dhananjay. Dhananjay, who was made an MLC, quit the BJP to join NCP. This assembly poll, the two cousins are pitted against each other.
Maharashtra will witness many politicians battling it out against their relatives who are contesting as candidates of rival parties.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra polls #congress #bharatiya janata party
Pankaja, who has been brought to the centrestage of BJP state unit after her father's sudden demise, is seeking re-election from Parli while estranged cousin Dhananjay is the candidate from the Sharad Pawar-led party. Congressman Sanjay Devtale jumped on to the BJP bandwagon after his party fielded his sister-in-law Asawari Devtale from Warora instead of him. Now, Devtale is pitted against Asawari who is making her electoral debut.
Asawari, a gynaecologist by profession, said that she felt sad that politics has created tension in her family. "My mother-in-law and Sanjay Devtale's mother are sisters. Sanjaybhau is the first cousin of my husband Vijay. We are a close joint family," she added.
The break-up of alliances in Maharashtra, especially, has led members of many 'political families' to contest from rival parties, according to observers. Among those who lead the pack is the family of former NCP leader and minister Vijay Kumar Gavit, who is contesting on a BJP ticket from his constituency of Nandurbar. His younger brother Sharad Gavit, who had defeated veteran congressman Surupsing Naik in 2009 from Navapur on Samajwadi party ticket is now in NCP taking on Naik again from the same constituency. Another brother Rajendra Gavit is the NCP nominee from Shahada. Similarly, even though Surupsing Naik is the Congress candidate from Navapur, his relative Nagesh Padvi is the BJP nominee from Akkalkuwa.
"My brother-in-law (Sanjay Devtale) has represented the Warora assembly constituency for 20 years and also got the Lok Sabha ticket from Chandrapur this year. He has been a cabinet minister and also the Guardian minister of Chandrapur district. Party workers wanted a change and my husband Vijay, a pathologist also was keen to contest this time. However, at the last moment, the party gave me the ticket," Asawari, said adding that she did not know whether to be happy or be sad about getting a ticket without asking.
Asawari, who belongs to a political family in Nagpur, has been a member of the district Mahila Congress and also the Zilla Parishad. She said she wanted her husband to contest while she would run her house and her clinic. "After filing my nomination, I went to visit Sanjaybhau to seek his blessings. But on coming to know that he has switched party loyalties and would contest against me, I came back without meeting him," she said.
The debutante claimed at a public meeting yesterday that Sanjay had said he would have stayed back in the Congress, had his brother Vijay got the ticket instead of him. "Instead a woman was nominated and he was not ready to allow a woman to lead him. I was shocked," she said. Former Congress minister Rohidas Patil's son Kunal is the party nominee from Dhule rural. Nephew Uttarksh is the independent candidate from Dhule city and brother-in-law Subhash Devre is the Shiv Sena nominee from Dhule city.
Former BJP MP MK Anna Patil's son Ramdas Patil is Sena candidate in Chalisgaon. Former NCP leader Prashant Hiray's son Advay is the BJP candidate taking on Pankaj Bhujbal, son of NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal from Nandgaon.
In Dindori, former MP Haribhau Mahale's son Dhananjay is contesting on Shiv Sena ticket while Dhananjay's son-in-law Dattu Padvi is in fray as CPM candidate. Former BJP leader Daulatrao Aher's son Rahul is the party nominee from Chandwad. In Deolali, Shiv Sena has fielded Yogesh, son of Sena leader Babanrao Gholap, who cannot contest due to his conviction by the court.
State Congress chief Manikrao Thakre's son Rahul is the party nominee from Yavatmal in place of sitting MLA Nandini Parvekar. While former CM Ashok Chavan's wife Ameeta will contest from Bhokar where Chavan had won in 2009. Narayan Rane's son Nitesh is the congress nominee in Kankavli. In Nilanga, Sambhaji Patil Nilangekar of Shiv Sena is taking on his uncle Ashok Patil Nilangekar of Congress. Congress fielded Ashok instead of his father Shivajirao Patil Nilangekar, the former state chief minister.
Among the prominent new faces who are kin of political leaders are NCP president Sunil Tatkare's nephew Avdhut, NCP leader Nawab Malik's brother Kaptan Malik from Kalina, former minister Dharmarao Atram's daughter Bhagyashree from Gadchiroli, Deputy chairman of Legislative council Vasant Davkhare's son Niranjan in Thane.
2

Haryana polls: Dalits live in fear in Mirchpur  have no hopes from any party29
0
Mirchpur: As Haryana is going to polls on October 15, caste factor continue to play a crucial role in the state politics. Dalits make up 20 per cent of Haryana's population, above the national average of 16 per cent, but social and political clout still remains with the Jats.
In 2010, a Dalit family in Mirchpur was set ablaze just because their dog bit a member of the Jat community.
The Jats set a physically challenged girl Suman and her father Tara Chand on fire along with several Dalit homes. Even after four year, Mirchpur remains tense.
Tara Chand's 75-year-old mother Phooli Devi still lives in constant fear. She said, "Where can we even go? There is no escape for us. We have lived here, we will die here."
Even others shared her apprehension.
One of the residents said, "We don't want to stay here for even a minute. But we have no option, where else do we go?"
Another resident said, "We have young kids, young daughters. Where can we take them?"
But the Jats remain dismissive and insensitive to the incident.
They said, "We didn't do anything wrong. The man anyway suffered from asthma, even the girl wasn't completely alright. What happened was no big deal. The Dalits were at fault, why couldn't they apologise. All they had to do was accept their mistake."
The homes that were burnt, were repaired and painted by the government. But the Dalits are too scared to return. Its ironic that these new looking homes were occupied by the CRPF.
Six CRPF posts are guarding nearly 250 households at the Valmiki colony of Mirchpur. Locals said if it wasn't for their presence surviving here would be impossible for the Dalits of Mirchpur.
One of the Dalit residents said, "It doesn't matter who we vote for now. Be it Hooda, or Chautala, we have no hope from any party."
Another said, "We won't vote for Congress again."
Dalit anger may well have spread beyond Mirchpur and could cost Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and the Congress party dearly.
43

Mumbai: TABcab to honour ISRO scientists by carrying their  Mangalayaan s photos12
1
Mumbai: To honour Indian Space Research Organisation scientists for their achievement of the Mars Orbiter Mission, TABcab, city's fleet of radio cabs, will display on its 200 vehicles their photos and messages congratulating the space agency.
The messages would felicitate ISRO and also display photographs of scientists and 'Mangalyaan', the spacecraft, TABcab said.
This exercise is being undertaken to celebrate the great achievement and pay respect to the scientists who have created a history in Space studies, the release said.
The exercise is being undertaken to celebrate the great achievement and pay respect to the scientists who have created a history in Space studies.
#isro #mangalyaan #mars mission #tabcab
"The achievement has swept the entire nation with a feeling of pride and happiness. ISRO is the first one across the globe to successfully accomplish the Mars Mission in a record time of three years and within a budget of Rs 450 crore," said the release.
Jagdish Purohit, Managing Director, TABcab said "the achievement of ISRO's MOM has astonished nations across the globe for India's competencies in numerous areas like research, project management, execution and technology.
"TABcab's effort through this initiative is not only to honour ISRO but also to salute their contribution in creating history in space studies," he added.
1

Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to visit India on October 9; will address the first Internet.org summit in DelhiAmazon, Disney appear close to settling dispute over movies: Report
Oct 01, 2014 at 11:59am IST
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to visit India on October 9; will address the first Internet.org summit in Delhi
40
2
New Delhi: After Sheryl Sandberg, its now the turn of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to visit India, the second biggest market for the social networking giant, later this month.
Zuckerberg, who will also meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi, will be in India to address the first Internet.org summit taking place on October 9-10 in the city. The young billionaire is expected to meet members of other key ministries as well.
Zuckerberg is the third high profile CEO of a US-based corporation, after Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Micrsoft's Satya Nadella, to visit India in last few days.
Zuckerberg is the third high profile CEO of a US-based corporation, after Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Micrsoft's Satya Nadella, to visit India in last few days.
#internet #facebook #mark zuckerberg #internetorg
'Internet.Org' aims to make Internet access affordable for people across the globe.
Focussed on enabling the next five billion people without Internet access to come online, the founding members of the project include Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm and Samsung.
The partners are collaborating on developing lower-cost, higher-quality smartphones and deploying Internet access in under-served communities.
The Internet.org summit will bring together experts, officials and industry leaders to focus on ways to deliver more Internet services for people in languages other than English.
Zuckerberg will also meet Modi to talk about how Facebook and the Indian government can collaborate on Internet.org. In July, Facebook's Chief Operating Officer Sandberg visited India. She had met Modi, who has effectively used social networking during his election campaign and later even in governance.
When Modi met Sandberg, he had suggested the use of Facebook for improving governance, better interaction between people and the government, and to attract more tourists to India.
India is an important market for the social networking company. With over one billion users globally, the company gets over 100 million users from India. Many of these users log onto the website from their mobile devices.
According to research firm eMarketer, the number of users in India will touch 108.9 million by the end of the year as compared to 77.8 million in 2013.
28

Japans Shinkansen bullet train turns 50Print
A ceremony is held to mark the 50th anniversary of the launch of Japan's bullet train between Tokyo and Osaka, at Tokyo Station in Tokyo Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014. Zipping cross-country in a super-high speed train has become commonplace in many countries these days, but it was unheard of when Japan launched its bullet train between Tokyo and Osaka 50 years ago Wednesday. (Source: AP Photo/Kyodo News)
Associated Press | Tokyo | Posted: October 1, 2014 1:08 pm
It was, retired Japanese railway engineer Fumihiro Araki recalls, “like flying in the sky.”
Zipping cross-country in a super-high speed train has become commonplace in many countries these days, but it was unheard of when Japan launched its bullet train between Tokyo and Osaka 50 years ago Wednesday.
The Shinkansen, as it’s called in Japan, gave a boost to train travel in Europe and Asia at a time when the rise of the automobile and the airplane threated to eclipse it. It also was a symbol of pride for Japan, less than two decades after the end of World War II, and a precursor of the economic “miracle” to come.
In this Sept. 24, 2014 photo, a Shinkansen bullet train heads for Tokyo Station near Shimbashi Station on the Tokaido Main Line in Tokyo. Japan launched its bullet train between Tokyo and Osaka 50 years ago Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014. (Source: AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi)
The Oct. 1, 1964, inauguration ceremony was re-enacted at Tokyo Station on Wednesday at 6 a.m., complete with ribbon cutting. The first bullet train, with its almost cute bulbous round nose, traveled from Tokyo to Osaka in four hours, shaving two and a half hours off the 513-kilometer (319-mile) journey. The latest model, with a space-age-like elongated nose, takes just two hours and 25 minutes.
In this Sept. 24, 2014 photo, a Shinkansen bullet train heads for Tokyo Station on the Tokaido Main Line in Tokyo. Japan launched its bullet train between Tokyo and Osaka 50 years ago Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014. (Source: AP Photo/Shizuo Kambayashi)
Araki, now 73, drove the Shinkansen briefly in the summer of 1967 as part of his training as a railway operations engineer. Last week, he slipped back in time as he sat in the driver’s seat of one of the early model bullet trains at a railway museum outside of Tokyo. He pulled a lever on the control panel, looking straight ahead as he was trained, though all he could see were other museum exhibits.
“It was like flying in the sky, it was that kind of feeling,” said Araki, the acting director of the museum. “On a clear day, you could see Mount Fuji, and riding atop the railway bridge at Hamanako lake was very pleasant. It felt like you were sailing above the sea.”
A CONTROVERSIAL PROJECT
Japan started building a high-speed line during World War II, but construction was halted in 1943 as funds continued…

Petrol price cut by Rs 0.65 per litre  diesel unchangedPetrol price cut by Rs 0.65 per litre, diesel unchanged
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 13:29 IST
Petrol price was on Tuesday cut by 65 paisa a litre, but the first reduction in diesel rates in over five years was put off until the return of Prime Minister Narendra Modi from the US.
State-owned oil firms, which skipped raising rates on 16 September even though their cost had gone up, cut prices in view of the downward trend in international markets. Petrol price was reduced by 54 paisa a litre without including local sales tax or VAT, with effect from Tuesday midnight. After accounting for the incidence of local sales tax, petrol rate in Delhi was reduced by 65 paisa to Rs 67.86 per litre, according to Indian Oil Corp (IOC), the nation's largest fuel retailer.
In Mumbai, petrol price was cut by 68 paisa to Rs 75.73 per litre. Petrol price was last cut by Rs 1.50 a litre, excluding state levies, on 31 August. That reduction in Delhi came to Rs 1.82 per litre. Alongside, the price of non-subsidised 14.2-kg cooking gas LPG cylinder, which consumer buy after exhausting their quota of 12 subsidised bottles in a year, was cut by Rs 21 to Rs880 in Delhi.
However, a reduction diesel rates, the first since January 2009, was put off till Modi's return from the US as the oil ministry felt it did not have a clear mandate to reduce rates post the January 2013 decision of the Cabinet to raise prices by 40-50 paisa a litre every month.
Petrol price was cut as it is a deregulated product needing no government intervention. Softening international oil rates has meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from 16 September. This over-recovery is now about Re 1 a litre.
Oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan is believed to have already written to Modi on the emerging scenario. Also, the ministry has written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of state assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.

Loans unlikely to get cheaper  deposits may earn lessLoans unlikely to get cheaper any time soon, but your deposits may earn less
ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 08.52AM IST
Tags:
Arundhati Bhattacharya
(Banks in no hurry to cut loan…)
MUMBAI: Borrowing costs may not fall any time soon for those aspiring to buy a car or a home, but deposit rates have alredy begun to come down, with the State Bank of India slashing rates on select tenors, after the Reserve Bank of India kept policy rates unchanged on Tuesday.
"There is no change (in loan rates) immediately on the cards. But that does not mean one will have to wait for a year," said Chanda Kochhar, MD & CEO of ICICI Bank, the largest private sector bank. Arundhati Bhattacharya , chairman of State Bank of India, the country's largest bank, also gave some hope to borrowers.
"The way the monetary policy has been put out this time, the tone seems to be dovish as compared to the March tone," she said speaking to media after meeting RBI governor Raghuram Rajan.
"The benchmark rate (base rate) is unlikely to come down immediately because credit demand is very subdued and liquidity is not an issue," said BK Batra, deputy managing director of IDBI Bank. "But lending rates over the last one year have come down without any lowering of base rate. Today, a triple-A corporate is in a better position to borrow short-term money at 10-25 basis points over the base rate against 50 to 100 bps over the base rate a year ago," he said. IDBI Bank's base rate is pegged at 10.25%. SBI and ICICI Bank have pegged their base rate at 10%.
"Credit has not picked up and the system has sufficient liquidity. Corporates are having various avenues to raise funds and investment climate is yet to turn around," said TM Bhasin, chairman of the Indian Banks Association and chairman and managing director of Indian Bank. "Going forward, banks govdone by some large banks," he said.
However, ICICI Bank's Kochhar feels bankers will have to bear in mind financial instruments that are competing with deposits before lowering rates. "Today, even deposits are competing with many other financial instructions... You have to see where the consumers have options," she said.
Aditya Puri, managing director and CEO of HDFC Bank, said that both lending and deposit rates are a function of credit demand. "At this point of time, the credit demand is not exceedingly healthy. If credit demand picks up, you won't see lowering of deposit rates. If it does not pick up and there is a lowering of deposit rates, you can possibly see some reduction of loan rates," he said. may reduce deposit rates as
FEATURED ARTICLES

Re heads for 62/$; IT stocks gain; 5 stocks that returned upto 35%You are here: Home > Collections
Top 5 tech stocks that outperformed ahead of Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 01.46PM IST
(Hopes of pick-up in the US…)
MUMBAI: The Indian IT sector, has been giving consistent results for the past few years. It has been one of the few sectors to have outperformed cyclicals in post election market.
Earnings have been stable for most of the companies and with Vishal Sikka at helm of affairs, things are expected to improve for Infosys.
Most investors who entered the market on hopes of economic revival shifted to IT sector after the cyclicals failed to deliver good results in previous quarter.
Hopes of pick-up in the US economy and a strengthening US dollar against other currency basket have been the main drivers for the sector.
The BSE IT Index has surged over 17 per cent in last quarter and recently hit an all-time high of 10,749.35.
The US dollar Index is at 86 and if the momentum continues, the Indian currency is likely to depreciate further. The rupee against the US dollar has slipped close to 62 level. According to analysts, if FII outflows continue then the rupee may even fall to 63 per dollar in near to medium term.
Mindtree, Persistent Systems, Tech Mahindra, Infosys and TCS are the top five performers in the last three months in BSE IT Index. Following are the brokerages view on these stocks after Q1 results:
Mindtree:
In a meeting hosted by Kotak Institutional Equities for Mindtree in September, the management had reiterated (1) aspirations of industry-leading revenue growth, (2) comfort in maintaining margins at constant currency and (3) prospects of better growth in a challenged hi-tech vertical.
"The Mindtree stock had a strong run over the past 12 months and now trades at 16X FY2016E earnings. Focused strategy, solid deal wins and an ability to compete at par with much larger peers in its chosen areas will ensure solid revenue growth for Mindtree," the report said.
"Mindtree is likely to be the fastest-growing company under KIE's technology coverage in the next couple of years. Strong growth will sustain premium multiples," it added.
According to Kotak Securities, the valuations of the company are at a premium but deserved for consistency and leadership in growth. It has a price target of Rs 1,180 on the stock.
Persisten Systems:
Analysts at Prabhudas Lilladher recently interacted with the management of the company to understand the demand environment and possible impact due to seasonality.
According to the management, Q2FY15 is turning out to be a strong quarter compared to Q1FY15 with positive margin bias despite wage hike. However, a slow start to the year may restrict a strong beat to NASSCOM guidance.
"We expect PSYS' revenue momentum to improve during the course of year with margin improvement. Moreover, IP revenue can accelerate earnings. However, our estimate has factored in most of the positives and sees limited scope of upgrade in the near term. We retain our "Accumulate" rating," the report said.
The brokerage has a price target of Rs 1,450 on the stock.
Tech Mahindra:
CLSA remains skeptical about Tech Mahindra's margin recovery prospects after its 500bps decline. According to the brokerage, as the company lacks depth in key verticals and has only average capabilities in digital/SMAC, it less-than-confident about Tech Mahindra's sustainable organic growth.
"Tech Mahindra remains a weak business that should trade at 14x one-year forward PE (0.5standard deviation above its 10-year and two-year average and a 20 per cent discount to tier-1 players). As the recent share price rally appears unwarranted and we downgrade our call from Underperform to SELL," the report said.
The brokerage has a price target of Rs 2200 on the stock.
 
Infosys:
Reliance Securities is of the view that the company is likely to approach near industry-level growth by FY2016E based on: 1) focus around high-growth IMS line with a clear digital strategy, 2) stability in attrition with clarity within the leadership structure, 3) greater competitive intensity in chasing deals, 4) bundled-services strategy for chasing large-deals and 5) availability of multiple margin-levers.
"With the new leadership structure and new CEO at the helm of affairs, we expect the management to announce the growth strategy for the company ahead. We believe that the company is likely to unveil a bundled strategy around ADM, IMS and SMAC service-lines and is likely to increase its competitive intensity around securing large-deals," the report said.
The brokerage has a 'Buy' on the stock with a target of Rs 4,150.
TCS:
Tata Consultancy Services has reiterated that FY2015 would be better than FY2014 even on an organic basis.
TCS has already delivered strong numbers for Q1FY2015 with a 5.5 per cent Q-o-Q growth. For Q2FY2015 also it expects to deliver around 5.5 per cent sequential growth on an organic basis. Including the consolidation of the Mitsubishi JV (which contributes $100 million), the growth will be over 7 per cent.
According to Sharekhan, the stock trades a little over 20.5x FY2016E earnings. In view of the potential for improvement in the demand environment and the overall improvement in market sentiment, it expects TCS to get re-rated because of its strong leadership position.
"We raise our price target to Rs 2,900, which is 22x the FY2016E earnings. We maintain our Buy rating on the stock, which remains our top pick in the IT sector," the report said.
Company Returns % Mindtree  35.90    Persistent Systems  31.48    Tech Mahindra  18.23    Infosys  16.80    TCS  15.96
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty hovers around 7950; gold near 9-month low  oil stocks fallOct 01, 2014, 01.58 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty hovers around 7950; gold near 9-month low
Gold extended losses to trade near a nine-month low and looked likely to break below the key USD 1,200-an-ounce level, clobbered by a stronger dollar and lack of support from top buyer China.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty hovers around 7950; gold near 9-month low
Gold extended losses to trade near a nine-month low and looked likely to break below the key USD 1,200-an-ounce level, clobbered by a stronger dollar and lack of support from top buyer China.
Post your opinion here
13:13
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:45 pm Market outlook: Indian equities are done away with the Modi premium over the past three months and are back to focusing on high quality stocks with high earnings visibility, says Ridham Desai, Managing Director, Morgan Stanley. However, this skepticism is good for the bulls, he tells CNBC-TV18 in an interview.
Second quarter earnings season, which kicks off from October 10, will be watched out and sectors like healthcare, technology and consumer staples are likely to post strong growth, he adds. Once earnings are out of the way, the state elections will be market's focus in the start of Q3. “The BJP is taking risks by going alone in Maharashtra state elections and the market is trying to price in this event. But any adverse election result for BJP in Maharashtra could be a negative cue for the market,” cautions Desai.
1:30 pm IT stocks rally: Shares of technology stocks are rallying as dollar gains strength. The rupee depreciated by 19 paise to trade at almost seven-month low of 61.94 against the US currency in early trade today on capital outflows amidst the dollar’s gain against other currencies overseas. The BSE IT index is up around 1.5 percent intraday.
IT stocks are also riding on the euphoria that the second quarter earnings will be better. Goldman Sachs says that Q2 is a seasonally strong quarter for Indian IT and current market expectations from some large-cap peers appear subdued.
“We expect 2QFY15E to witness 4.7 percent quarterly USD revenue growth versus 3.3 percent Q-o-Q growth in 1QFY15. USD revenue growth will be negatively impacted by 40-70 basis points due to cross currency impact mainly from negative 3.5 percent depreciation in euro,” it says in a report.
 Don't miss: Listing day: Shemaroo debuts at Rs 180/share, jumps 6%
The market continues to be in sluggish mode ahead of the long weekend. The Nifty is hovering around 7950, down 12.20 points at 7952.60. The Sensex slips 35.05 points at 26595.46. About 1162 shares have advanced, 1430 shares declined, and 115 shares are unchanged. 
Wipro and Hero are up 2-3 percent. Other top gainers are Infosys, TCS and Coal India. Among the losers are Maruti, Tata Steel, GAIL, ONGC and ITC. 
Gold extended losses to trade near a nine-month low and looked likely to break below the key USD 1,200-an-ounce level, clobbered by a stronger dollar and lack of support from top buyer China.
With the dollar at a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies, other precious metals also took a hit. Platinum tumbled to a five-year low, while silver retained sharp overnight losses to trade at its lowest since March 2010.
A stronger US currency makes dollar-denominated precious metals more expensive for holders of other currencies. Worries about an interest rate rise in the United States have also hurt gold, a non-interest-bearing asset.
12:00
Sensex, Midcap volatile; ITC, Reliance, HDFC, ONGC slip
Tata Steel and Maruti Suzuki shed 2.5 percent each followed by ITC, Reliance Industries, HDFC, ONGC, Hindustan Unilever and Gail India with 1-1.8 percent loss. Top lenders like State Bank of India, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank were down 0.7 percent, 0.77 percent and 0.2 percent, respectively.

Future e-tail: Biyani s cashback won t beat online dealsOct 01, 2014, 01.31 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Future e-tail: Biyani's cashback won't beat online deals
In a full page ad today in several newspapers, Kishore Biyani’s Future Retail, one of the country’s largest modern retailers, announced a grand 12-day scheme starting October 1 in which shoppers would get back varying amounts of cashback on their purchases.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Future e-tail: Biyani's cashback won't beat online deals
In a full page ad today in several newspapers, Kishore Biyani’s Future Retail, one of the country’s largest modern retailers, announced a grand 12-day scheme starting October 1 in which shoppers would get back varying amounts of cashback on their purchases.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Even as the buzz over online-shopping websites increases by the day, brick-and-mortar retailers seem to have decided to compete with them on the key measure of competition: price.
In a full page ad today in several newspapers, Kishore Biyani’s Future Retail , one of the country’s largest modern retailers, announced a grand 12-day scheme starting October 1 in which shoppers would get back varying amounts of cashback on their purchases.
The amount will be credited to cards issued to Future customers and starts from Rs 600 (on purchase of Rs 5,000) and goes all the way up to Rs 3 lakh (on purchase of Rs 10 lakh).
The cashback, which ranges from 12 percent to 30 percent in percentage terms, will have to be utilized on a monthly basis instead of at one go and can be used at any of the group’s format stores such as Big Bazaar, eZone, Central, HomeTown, etc.
However, as discounts go, the amount may still be less than what one would typically find for a corresponding product online across a variety of lines.
For instance, the iPhone 5s (16 GB version) which retails at an MRP of Rs 53,000 (some offline stores offer some amount of discounts/cashback), can be found for as little as Rs 36,000 online.
Even as online sales account for a small percentage of overall retail sales in the country, the ecommerce industry has been growing at a phenomenal pace. The Indian ecommerce industry notched up sales of USD 13 billion in 2013 (up from USD 2.5 billion in 2009) and sales are expected to touch as much as USD 70 billion by 2020, according to a report by consulting firm BGR.
This has been led by increasing Internet penetration as well as by following a cut-throat pricing strategy, which has led to brick-and-mortar stores complain of predatory pricing.
Compared to physical stores, which require investments in costly real estate, manpower, etc, online websites have a leaner cost structure and are thus able to generally offer more competitive price than the former.
To make matters worse, organized retailers – not just in India but across the world -- suffer from thin margins, making up for it by volumes.
In the June quarter, Future Retail notched up profits of Rs 66 crore on sales of Rs 2,317 crore. The country’s largest retailer, Reliance Retail (disclosure: Network18, which owns Moneycontrol.com, was recently acquired by Reliance Industries, which also owns Reliance Retail) has only recently broken even though its exact financials are not known.
That said, even online shopping companies have been known to suffer from high operational costs, such as those arising from logistics, etc, and many have been known to be reeling under losses for years.
Despite that, the superior sales growth has seen a frenzy among private-equity investors leading some to question valuations going for many such companies.
For instance, the largest online player, Flipkart, was valued at USD 7 billion (or Rs 42,000 crore) in a recent fund-raising round. In contrast, the marketcap for Future Retail stands at a mere Rs 2,900 crore.
Future chief Kishore Biyani had also recently questioned some of the valuations offered for online websites.
"These days, the media only looks at e-commerce. However, you must also ask if gross margins of any such company are positive or not. There is hope of survival for them when their gross margins are positive. I'm not saying it is sustainable or it is not sustainable," Biyani had told PTI.
"They're getting private equity money in the hope that one day they'll have their own products and brands," he added.
 
Most online websites in India, as they are majority owned by foreigners through the FDI route, serve as marketplaces (where buyers and sellers meet) rather than selling their own inventory as Indian regulations allow FDI only in marketplace-model companies.
Future Retail stock price
On November 24, 2014, at  10:50 hrs Future Retail was quoting at Rs 92.15, down Rs 1.95, or 2.07 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 147.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 63.30.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 2.05 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 44.95. The latest book value of the company is Rs 117.46 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.78.
RELATED NEWS

No finding received on Rs 30cr tax evasion charge: DLFOct 01, 2014, 01.01 PM IST  | Source: PTI
No finding received on Rs 30cr tax evasion charge: DLF
DLF said industry players have sought clarification with the tax authorities on the issue of service tax on development rights.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
No finding received on Rs 30cr tax evasion charge: DLF
DLF said industry players have sought clarification with the tax authorities on the issue of service tax on development rights.
Post your opinion here
 
India's largest realty firm DLF  today said it has not received any findings from authorities on alleged service tax evasion of about Rs 30 crore.
The company was replying to the clarification sought by stock exchange NSE on reports that DLF has come under the scanner of central revenue officials for allegedly evading service tax to the tune of about Rs 30 crore.
"DLF and its associates pay a total service tax of more than Rs 500 crore per annum to the government of India and there is no question of evading service tax of Rs 30 crores across multiple years...," DLF said in a filing to the BSE.
"We would also like to point out that we have so far not received any findings or observations from any wing of the Service Tax Department" with reference to this matter, the filing said.
DLF said industry players have sought clarification with the tax authorities on the issue of service tax on development rights.
Since development rights are a part of immovable property and hence it is not subject to service tax, DLF added.
A case against DLF has been registered by the Directorate General of Central Excise Intelligence (DGCEI) for alleged non-payment of service tax over transfer of development rights to other firms, official sources had said.
DLF stock price
On November 24, 2014, at  10:50 hrs DLF was quoting at Rs 143.10, up Rs 2.80, or 2.00 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 242.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 100.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 3.29 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 43.5. The latest book value of the company is Rs 93.40 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.53.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Idea Cellular  Zee Ent; sell BOI  IDFC: Shahina MukadamIn CNBC-TV18's popular show Bull's Eye, Shahina Mukadam of Varun Capital shares her trading strategies for the day.
One can buy Idea Cellular  with a target of Rs 172 and a stoploss of Rs 162.
One can buy Zee Entertainment Enterprises  with a day target of Rs 319 and a stoploss of Rs 304.
One can sell Bank of India  with a day target of Rs 227 and a stoploss of Rs 240.
One can sell IDFC  with a target price of Rs 131 and a stoploss at Rs 141.
RELATED NEWS

Bihar Minister runs for his life as mob attacks himOct 01, 2014 at  12:17pm IST
Bihar Minister runs for his life as mob attacks him
26
0
Sasaram (Bihar): In a shocking incident from Bihar, a state minister had to run for his life from an angry mob. The incident occurred at the Tara Chandi temple in Rohtas district of Sasaram, where state Culture Minister Vinay Bihari was chief guest at a programme.
The poor sound quality and sitting arrangements had infuriated the gathering which started pelting stones at the dais forcing the minister and officials to run for cover.
The official vehicle of the minister was also torched  by the crowd which went berserk after the police tried to stop it from climbing on the stage last night, when noted Bhojpuri singer Pawan Singh was performing.
#bihar #bihar minister #vinay bihari #sasaram
Bihari has demanded a high level inquiry and held the local administration responsible for the incident.
Bihari said, "To maintain law and order, a little force is required. Probably this incident would not have happened if force was not used. But one cannot rule out conspiracy behind this incident."
Calling the incident "pre-planned" Superintendent of Police of Rohtas Chandan Kumar Kushwaha today said six persons have been arrested and raids are being conducted to nab others involved in it. An FIR has also been lodged in this connection against six named and 500 unidentified people.
"The minister was hit with a stone in the chin. We shielded him and managed to pull him out from the crowd before anything untoward could happen. His car was parked near the stage and somebody poured petrol on it and set it on fire before the driver could take it out," the SP said.
Police officers said they had to try very hard to save the minister, who was in the danger of being lynched by the crowd.
"We have launched investigation in the attack over the minister as the incident seems to have been preplanned. One of the nabbed persons was carrying petrol in a bottle. Why would anybody bring petrol to a cultural function," asked the SP.
Though local MLA Jawahar Prasad, District Magistrate Radha Kishore Jha, SP and several other officials were present with their security personnel, they could not check the crowd.
It soon turned into free for all. Bricks, stones, chairs, bamboo pieces, slippers and whatever else came into the hand of the mob were thrown towards the minister, officials and the singer.
(With additional information from PTI)
125

Behind Bugaboo  the coveted  it  strollerBehind Bugaboo, the coveted 'it' stroller
By Emily Jane Fox   @emilyjanefox September 30, 2014: 11:09 AM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Somehow a baby stroller has become a coveted "it" item and status symbol. But it was never intended to be one.
Bugaboo strollers catapulted to success in the early 2000s and became a must-have for expecting celebrities and soccer moms alike, despite their steep price, with models retailing for between $600 and $1,200.
The funny thing is, Max Barenbrug, the founder and creator of Bugaboo, wasn't even thinking about moms when he came up with the idea in 1994. In fact, he first designed the stroller for men. He didn't even create it with children in mind, really.
At the time, he was a design student in Amsterdam, trying to come up with an idea for his graduation project. From the window of his apartment, he saw parents struggling with clunky strollers decorated with teddy bear prints and "stupid colors."
Bugaboo founder Max Barenbrug came up for the concept of a highly-functional recreational stroller as a design student.
So he set off to create a stroller that had nothing to do with being cute or cool. For him, it was all about mobility and function. No nonsense.
He made his first model with the idea that men could use it for all types of recreation -- transitioning from the beach to the street, up stairs and into cars all with ease. The only problem was no manufacturer wanted to take it on.
This is Barenbrug's original design for a Bugaboo meant for men.
To convince them, Barenbrug redesigned the stroller several times to make the it more marketable, a bit flashier and up to safety standards. When it came to finding a name, he flipped through the dictionary for inspiration. He looked up the word 'buggy,' but his eyes caught the 'bugaboo' nearby. He was so taken by the word that he didn't care that its meaning -- an object of fear -- is decidedly not child-or-marketing-professional-friendly.
When Bugaboo finally launched in 1999 in Holland, it was an immediate hit -- new parents in every neighborhood in Holland, even the royal family, were either pushing a Bugaboo or wanted to be pushing one, he said.
The tipping point
But what really launched the stroller intended for men was an American TV show about women having sex.
Bugaboo was in the midst of making plans to bring the strollers to the U.S. market when "Sex and the City" approached the brand about using one of its strollers in the show. It was lightning in a bottle for the brand: An episode with Miranda toting her son around town aired, and overnight, every American mother had to have one. It turns out that the show, credited for making the very pricey, very glamorous shoemaker Manolo Blahnik a household name, did the same for a decidedly unglamorous item that most parents only viewed as a necessity, not a stylish accessory.
"By accident, we went into the U.S. earlier, but the show opened a lot of doors for us globally," said Madeleen Klaasen, Bugaboo's chief marketing officer, who has been with the company for more than a decade.
Gwyneth Paltrow taking her daugther out for a walk pushing a Bugaboo in London.
Since then, celebrities have flocked to the brand, with everyone from Duchess Kate to Gwyneth Paltrow buying one. Barenbrug once received a call years ago that Madonna had come into its Los Angeles store, eager to take one home.
The bang for your buck
So the strollers became something to covet -- an item that made parents, who were maybe sleep-deprived, feel trendy and in-the-know and luxurious, even if they had spit-up cereal stuck to their sweaters.
But stores started to see them flying off shelves for another reason: the quality of the aluminum and the fabrics used held up better.
Sure, you can get a stroller for half the price. But according to Eli Gurock, who owns the baby gear haven Magic Beans in Boston, parents pay a premium for products that work well and last a long time.
"For a lesser-quality product, when it breaks, it's broken for good and goes in the garbage," he said. "The thing about Bugaboo is it's not a ripoff."
The staying power
Collaborations with different designers, from a brightly-colored Missoni pattern to Andy Warhol's famed pop art flower prints to a sleek black Marc Jacobs versions, have also been a draw.
At the same time, Bugaboo has consistently updated existing models and created new ones to meet customer needs, like a Bugaboo Donkey double stroller and a just-announced model meant specifically for runners.
The Andy Warhol + Bugaboo Donkey double stroller that Zanna Rassi Roberts uses.
Zanna Rassi Roberts, senior fashion editor at Marie Claire, stylist and fashion correspondent for "E! News" and "The Today Show," strolls her twin daughters around in a Warhol print double stroller. She said it's like pushing them around in a piece of art.
"I have to be in a sociable mood when I pop them in [the stroller], as everyone stops to firstly look at the stroller, and then at the twins," she said.
"We make this product as good as we can with as good of a value as possible, but at the same time, you know you're special, you know you're part of something if you have one," Barenbrug said. "It's exclusive without exclusivity."
First Published: September 29, 2014: 9:09 AM ET
Most Popular

Protesters willing to pay priceHong Kong protesters willing to pay economic price
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 30, 2014: 6:40 AM ET
 
Hong Kong's own 'Occupy'
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
As demonstrations continue to disrupt normal operations in Hong Kong, both experts and residents are considering the long-term impact that pro-democracy protest will have on the international finance hub.
Police have used pepper spray and tear gas in an effort to oust protesters from their camps near Hong Kong's main business district, but the activists remain in place and have even occupied main roadways in other neighborhoods.
The protesters want free and open elections in the Chinese territory, while Beijing has proposed a process that would essentially allow it to screen candidates for the city's top office.
The protests have closed some schools and office buildings, and 21 banks have closed branches or ATMs. The benchmark Hang Seng has shed nearly 6% over the past five trading days. On Monday, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority said it was standing by to provide additional liquidity if required.
Critics worry that the protests threaten Hong Kong's status as a global business hub and a beacon of stability in Asia. Should the protests continue , some experts warn that retail sales will suffer, the housing market could take a hit and Hong Kong's economy could slide into a recession.
Related: Photo essay: Police use tear gas as 'Occupy' comes to Hong Kong
"There is also a risk that Hong Kong's economy could suffer more lasting damage, especially if the authorities decide to crack down on the demonstrators," analysts at Capital Economics wrote in a research note.
A man walks to work on an empty street in Hong Kong, cleared as pro-democracy protests continue to expand in the city.
A British colony until 1997, Hong Kong rose to prominence as a center for regional commerce that acted as China's gateway to the world. That reputation stuck even after Hong Kong was returned to China, becoming a "special administrative region."
Businesses here face fewer restrictions than they would on the mainland, making it an attractive place to set up shop. Many large multinational companies even make Hong Kong their regional headquarters.
Chinese firms have also looked to Hong Kong as a way to expand their reach abroad. Hong Kong is the single largest source of foreign capital for Chinese enterprises, and mainland firms represent about 56% of the total market cap of companies traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
But Hong Kong's status and reputation is not guaranteed, and some residents fear the territory's advantages are slipping away, especially as mainland Chinese cities rise in stature and some international firms choose Singapore as their headquarters.
Some protesters say they see lasting damage to Hong Kong -- but only if the government doesn't begin to make amends.
Related: Instagram blocked in China as protests sweep Hong Kong
"I don't think [businesses] will be threatened ... if the government can address our problems correctly [and] Hong Kong can become more democratic," said Denise Li, 19. "If not, international businesses may start to think that Hong Kong is not a very open city, and the government will protect Chinese [companies] only."
Others fear that foreign investment will dry up.
"I think foreign investors may be afraid of the future in Hong Kong," said Sammi Mak, 18, a business student at a local university. "Hong Kong is known for freedom, the inflow of information, and now China is taking over everything, and Hong Kong may lose this advantage compared to other cities."
Benny, a 21-year-old who declined to give his last name, said the protests are not yet a big problem for the business community.
"I don't think business is harmed within Hong Kong," he said. "Right now, everyone is going to work, everyone is doing their normal job."
Fitch Ratings said it doesn't expect the protests to last long enough to have much of an effect on the city.
But Fitch sees problems ahead if the government no longer commands popular consent or the protests do significant damage to the perception that Hong Kong is a stable and attractive investment destination.
"But those questions will likely be answered over months or years rather than days," the ratings agency said.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 1:19 AM ET
Most Popular

Netflix scores first film premiere'Crouching Tiger' sequel to hit Netflix and theaters simultaneously
By Brian Stelter   @brianstelter September 30, 2014: 6:16 AM ET
 
Movies in theaters also on Netflix?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Mark Aug. 28, 2015 on your calendar: It will be a history-making day for Hollywood.
On that date, Netflix will premiere a feature film -- the sequel to the 2000 hit "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" -- at the same time moviegoers can see it in theaters.
The dual release will be the realization of Netflix's long-held goal to let subscribers see films at the same time they're in movie theaters.
Netflix ( NFLX , Tech30 ) has achieved its goal by working directly with the Weinstein Company, the independent studio chaired by Bob and Harvey Weinstein. The studio is producing "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: The Green Legend" for both Netflix and the IMAX chain of super-sized theaters.
"The film is to be the first of several major films backed by Netflix to premiere on the same day on the world's leading Internet TV network and in select IMAX theaters globally, giving consumers and exhibitors around the world unparalleled flexibility in how, when and where they enjoy a major motion picture," the companies said in a statement.
Related: New owner for Shrek and DreamWorks Animation?
Netflix did not identify the other films, and financial terms of the deal were not disclosed. For now, none of the major Hollywood studios -- like Warner Bros., which like this website is owned by Time Warner, or 20th Century Fox -- appear willing to try a simultaneous streaming and in-theater release.
Such a release would risk the ire of box office partners including AMC and Regal Entertainment that rely on ticket sales.
Executives at Netflix have long been interested in offering films concurrently with their theatrical release. They have portrayed the reigning model -- theaters first, then DVDs, then streaming -- as outdated.
"By the time we could watch a movie in the subscription window, it's a year after it's been in the theater," Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos said in an interview with CNN earlier this year.
That timing, of course, limits the value of a monthly Netflix subscription.
 
Movies in theaters also on Netflix?
Defenders of what's known as "windowing" say it maximizes opportunities to recoup financiers' investments in expensive films.
In the interview, Sarandos criticized it as an "antiquated distribution model" and said Netflix was looking at a new model. He compared the idea to the all at once, on-demand release of the drama "House of Cards."
"Maybe in the movie space, we'll do the same thing," he said, "and try to figure out: is there a way that we can, you know, get the movies out there at the same time they're in the theaters? And we'll probably have to make a bet on the programming ourselves to make that work."
Future of media - a custom Flipboard magazine
Indeed, that's what Netflix is doing with "The Green Legend," and it's sure to garner lots of publicity for it.
Sarandos told The New York Times that he hoped the partnership with the Weinsteins and Imax would convince others in Hollywood to strike similar deals.
"What I am hoping is that it will be a proof point that the sky doesn't fall," Sarandos said. "These are two different experiences, like going to a football game and watching a football game on TV."
Earlier this year, in a release that foreshadowed Monday's announcement, Netflix streamed a documentary called "The Square" at the same time it was released in a small number of theaters. But that theatrical release took place primarily so that "The Square" could qualify for Academy Awards consideration.
"The Green Legend" is a different arrangement altogether, with higher stakes for the movie industry. The first "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" earned more than $210 million worldwide.
"The moviegoing experience is evolving quickly and profoundly, and Netflix is unquestionably at the forefront of that movement," Harvey Weinstein said in a statement Monday night.
First Published: September 29, 2014: 11:07 PM ET
Most Popular

EU slams Apple s Irish tax dealEU slams Apple's Irish tax deal
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff September 30, 2014: 8:56 AM ET
 
EU probes Ireland's tax deal with Apple
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Europe's top regulator has accused Ireland of striking a deal with Apple in 1991 that helped the tech giant to artificially lower its tax bill for more than 20 years.
The European Commission published details of its case Tuesday after announcing in June that it was probing tax arrangements between Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) and Ireland, and Starbucks ( SBUX ) and the Netherlands.
Apple has paid as little as 2% on profits attributed to its subsidiaries in Ireland , where the top rate of corporate tax is 12.5%.
The European Union's investigation continues, and Apple will have a chance to challenge the allegations. But if the EU concludes that the tax deal broke rules on state aid, Ireland will have to recover billions of dollars in tax owed by Apple.
The Irish government says it did not break the law on state aid and has addressed "misunderstandings" with the European Commission.
"Ireland welcomed that opportunity to clarify important issues about the applicable tax law in this case and to explain that the company concerned did not receive selective treatment and was taxed fully in accordance with the law," said the Irish finance department in a statement Monday.
Apple maintains that it pays its fair share of taxes and didn't get any preferential treatment.
"We're subject to the same tax laws as the countless other companies who do business in Ireland," Apple said in a statement.
Apple's Irish headquarters -- based in Cork -- employ 4,000 workers, making it the biggest employer in the city. It employs a further 12,000 people across the rest of Europe.
Related: How Apple scores its lower tax bill
Apple has been attacked for its various strategies to minimize its tax bill , including shifting costs and profits between different nations to take advantage of favorable tax rules.
In particular, experts say Apple transfers a large amount of its research and development costs from the U.S. to its Irish subsidiaries, allowing the Irish unit to profit from intellectual property.
A 2013 U.S. Senate report notes that "the company operates in numerous countries around the world, but it does not transfer intellectual property rights to each region or country where it conducts business. Instead, the transfer of economic rights is confined to Ireland alone, where the company enjoys an extremely low tax rate."
Related: EBay is spinning off PayPal
The European Commission will release details of its case against Starbucks soon.
It has also been pursuing a similar probe examining the taxation of a unit of the automaker Fiat ( FIATY ) in Luxembourg.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 7:14 AM ET
Most Popular

Exxon finds itself in Arctic quandaryExxon considers its course after sanctions hit Russian ambitions
By Ed Crooks in New York and Jack Farchy in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/586ae5c0-487c-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Multibillion cross-border deals return© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/49a2843a-484a-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rousseff poll lead spooks Brazil boursesRousseff poll lead spooks Brazil bourses
By Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/78267e6c-491f-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Army helicopter crashes near Bareilly  3 off...You are here: Home > Collections > Chopper
Army helicopter crashes near Bareilly, three officers killed
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 11.30AM IST
Tags:
army helicopter crash
(Eyewitnesses claimed that…)
BAREILLY: An army helicopter today crashed moments after taking off from an airbase here, killing the two pilots and an engineer.
"The incident occurred this morning. Three officer were killed," an army official said.
According to sources, the helicopter was on a routine flight.
Eyewitnesses claimed that the chopper appeared to be in trouble moments after taking off. It soon caught fire and crashed at the airbase.
Two pilots and an engineer on board the chopper were killed in the crash
Senior administration and police official have reached the spot.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti Suzuki s Sep sales up 4.6% at 1 09 74...Maruti Suzuki September sales up 4.6% at 1,09,742 units
By PTI | 1 Oct, 2014, 11.29AM IST
Domestic sales during the month stood at 99,290 units, up 9.8 per cent from 90,399 units in September previous year, Maruti Suzuki India said.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: The country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India today reported 4.6 per cent increase in its total sales in September 2014 at 1,09,742 units as against 1,04,964 units in the same month previous year.
Domestic sales during the month stood at 99,290 units, up 9.8 per cent from 90,399 units in September previous year, Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) said in a statement.
Sales of mini passenger cars, including Alto, A-Star and WagonR were down 13.4 per cent at 35,547 units as against 41,061 units in the same month previous year.
MSI said during the month, sales of its compact cars, comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire were at 43,304 units as against 36,679 units in the year-ago month, up 18.1 per cent.
Dzire Tour sales were at 1,221 units as against 857 units in September last year, up 42.5 per cent.
During the month, the company said it dispatched 1,375 units of the soon-to-be-launched sedan Ciaz.
The company's sales of utility vehicles, including Ertiga and Gypsy were at 5,980 units as against 2,657 units, up 125.1 per cent.
Van sales, consisting of Omni and Eeco, were at 11,863 units as compared to 8,767 units in the previous year, up 35.3 per cent, it said.
Exports in September were down 28.2 per cent to 10,452 units from 14,565 units in the same month previous year, the company said.

Modi  Obama create new agenda  resolve to broaden cooperationBarack Obama
(There was "great convergence"…)
WASHINGTON DC: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama sought to reset ties between India and the United States as both leaders had an extended discussion in the White House on Tuesday, resolving to broaden their cooperation in various fields including defence, intelligence, counter-terrorism, Afghanistan, space exploration and science.
Jointly signed piece in Washington Post
There was "great convergence" between the two sides on peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific, Modi said in comments made shortly after the talks ended. He said the US was an integral part of India's Look East, Link West policy.
"It is natural for India and US to have a strategic relationship," Modi said. "We already have the foundation for a strong partnership and now we have to revive momentum between the two countries."
The two leaders also discussed thornier issues, with Modi saying that he had made the point that India supports trade facilitation at the WTO, but expects the country's concerns on food security to be addressed. He also pushed for easier access to the US market for Indian service companies.
India wants to resolve hurdles in the way of the civil nuclear agreement as this was important for the country's energy security, Modi said.
President Obama said there was much common ground between the two nations and that they had agreed to cooperate on tackling issues such as the Ebola outbreak, for which India has pledged $12 million.
"We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism," Obama said. "We discussed trade and how we can work with each other and decided to deepen our existing ties with India."
Modi said he was inspired by the extraordinary interest in India in the US and said that "we will draw strength and inspiration from this." He also invited US defence companies to come to India as part of his bid to boost investment.
"The president and I spoke about many of the reforms we are undertaking and the focus on making it easy to do business in India," Modi said. "I expect business and economic ties between the two countries would grow at a great pace."
Modi also said that he had invited President Obama and his family to visit India. After their meeting that went on for over two hours, the two leaders went together to the Martin Luther King Memorial. Following this, Modi attended a lunch hosted by Vice President Joe Biden. A joint statement by the two governments was expected to be released later.
Earlier, the two leaders said it was time "to set a new agenda, one that realises concrete benefits for our citizens" in a jointly signed piece in the Washington Post that was published Tuesday morning.
"This will be an agenda that enables us to find mutually rewarding ways to expand our collaboration in trade, investment and technology that harmonise with India's ambitious development agenda, while sustaining the United States as the global engine of growth," they wrote. "As global partners, we are committed to enhancing our homeland security by sharing intelligence, through counterterrorism and law-enforcement cooperation, while we jointly work to maintain freedom of navigation and lawful commerce across the seas."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Falling commodity prices are good  unless they signal recessionYou are here: Home > Collections > Maize
Falling commodity prices are good, unless they signal global recession
Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 06.46AM IST
Tags:
Bull run
(Historically, crashing…)
The stock markets have soared this year, with blue chips up 30% and some midcaps up 100% or more. Many analysts believe that, even without radical reform, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administrative dynamism will help raise GDP growth from last year's 4.7% to 5.5% this year, 6.5% next year, and 7% later.
Some stock market analysts predict amulti-year bull run .
This could indeed happen. Yet, India is now more globalised than most people realise, with international trade of over 45% of GDP, a current account deficit that needs to be plugged by global investment, and a stock market in which over half the floating stock of Sensex companies is owned by foreigners. So, India's fate will be decided by global trends as much as Modi's efforts.
It's a Bird! It's a Pterosaur!
Two worrying trends have emerged on the global scene. One is a crash in commodity prices. The other is an imminent rise in global interest rates.
Historically, crashing commodity prices and rising interest rates have often combined to create a global recession . Commodity prices have plunged 20% in the last six months. If this reflects a surge in global production after years of insufficient output, that can be a good trend that satisfies demand, lowers input prices for manufacturers, raises profits and tames inflation .
However, falling commodity prices can also signal a coming recession.
They may indicate an economic slowdown for reasons poorly understood by policymakers, and so not countered. The current commodity crash is definitely linked to an unexpected slowing of global growth. China, Japan and Europe are growing more slowly than expected at the start of the year. Chinese growth might actually dip below 7%, half its peak rate in the 2000s.
Recess(ion) Bell
Hence, the IMF is revising its global growth projections (in PPP terms) for 2014 down from 3.6% to 3.1%.
Note that a fall below 3% is widely accepted as a sign of recession.
Latin America, Russia and Africa grew fast between 2003 and 2010. As commodity producers, they benefited from the huge surge in Chinese demand.
Today, they are all feeling the heat of China's slowdown. Brazil, Russia and South Africa all face the danger of zero or negative growth.
World food prices used to be depressed by the dumping of surpluses by Western nations. But after 2005, food prices skyrocketed. Bad harvests coincided with the huge diversion of agricultural land to producing biofuels: ethanol from maize and synthetic diesel from vegetable oils. Back in 2005, the Chicago market price of maize was $2 a bushel and of wheat was $3 a bushel. After 2008, wheat prices briefly went into double digits and maize reached $8 a bushel.
However, prices have since downtrended, and after ups and downs, they have suddenly fallen steeply since May 2014. Maize is now down to just $3.25 a bushel and wheat to $4.75 a bushel. World cereal production this year is estimated to be 20% more than demand, so the surplus will keep prices down for some time to come. Soybeans and cotton are down one-third from their rates a couple of years ago. Edible oil prices have crashed. Rice prices have fallen only alittle, which is lucky for India, a major rice exporter.
Oil was just $25 a barrel in 2003 but soared to almost $148 in 2008. In recent times, the price of Brent crude has been around $110 a barrel. But this has now fallen to $96 a barrel, despite troubles in Ukraine and West Asia that would normally have sent prices spiralling. Iron ore has halved from a peak of $180 a tonne. Coal and metals are down to their lowest levels for five years.
Homeward Ho!
The second source of worry is the coming rise of interest rates in rich countries.
The US has for years indulged in quantitative easing, unleashing trillions of dollars on the world economy.
This has created froth, if not actual bubbles, in all asset markets.
The eurozone looks like getting into quantitative easing, and Japan is neck-deep in it too. The tidal wave of cheap currency from rich countries has boosted property and stock prices globally, including in emerging markets like India.
But the US is about to end quantitative easing next month, and will start raising interest rates next year.
Even if this does not happen in Europe or Japan — and it could — this may induce billions to flow out of emerging markets back to rich countries in search of higher yields. This is what happened in the summer of 2013, sending the rupee crashing from Rs 55 to Rs 68 to the dollar, before recovering to Rs 62 per dollar. Markets then recovered, but RBI governor Raghuram Rajan has warned that this could happen again. Combined with falling global demand and crashing commodity prices, it would be arecipe for global recession.
Maybe the rich countries will sense the danger, and ease money again to stave off a recession. Yet, as former adviser to Ronald Reagan, David Stockman, puts it, the trillions pumped by central banks of rich countries into the global economy have created asset bubbles that have to burst some time. We stand warned.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Facebook founder to visit India later this monthMark Zuckerberg to meet Narendra Modi in India later this month
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 14:41 IST
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg.
After Sheryl Sandberg, its now the turn of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to visit India, the second biggest market for the social networking giant, later this month.
Zuckerberg, who will also meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi , will be in India to address the first Internet.org summit taking place on October 9-10 in the city.
The young billionaire is expected to meet members of other key ministries as well.
Zuckerberg is the third high profile CEO of a US-based corporation, after Amazon's Jeff Bezos and Microsoft's Satya Nadella, to visit India in last few days.
'Internet.Org' aims to make Internet access affordable for people across the globe.
Focussed on enabling the next five billion people without Internet access to come online, the founding members of the project include Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm and Samsung.
The partners are collaborating on developing lower-cost, higher-quality smartphones and deploying Internet access in under-served communities.
The Internet.org summit will bring together experts, officials and industry leaders to focus on ways to deliver more Internet services for people in languages other than English.
Zuckerberg will also meet Modi to talk about how Facebook and the Indian government can collaborate on Internet.org.
In July, Facebook's Chief Operating Officer Sandberg visited India. She had met Modi, who has effectively used social networking during his election campaign and later even in governance.
When Modi met Sandberg, he had suggested the use of Facebook for improving governance, better interaction between people and the government, and to attract more tourists to India.
India is an important market for the social networking company. With over one billion users globally, the company gets over 100 million users from India. Many of these users log onto the website from their mobile devices.
According to research firm eMarketer, the number of users in India will touch 108.9 million by the end of the year as compared to 77.8 million in 2013.

Come soon before it s too late  Modi to US bizPriyanka Tikoo and Lalit K Jha     Washington   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 14:20 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (2nd R) attends a breakfast meeting with CEOs in Manhattan, New York September 29, 2014. Reuters/Mohammed Jaffer
Asserting that India is on the move to becoming a country with a business-friendly environment, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has exhorted top US corporates to establish and expand their base in India before it is too late.
"Take the benefit of the fast paced development and changes in the Indian economy," Modi said in his address on Tuesday  to American businesses urging them to take advantage of India's growing economy to foster mutual prosperity.
"Together we will reach new heights of development and growth," Modi said at the event organised by the US-India Business Council (USIBC). I invite you all. I invite you all for 'Make in India'," he added.
Referring to a speech he made to the business community in the 2009 Vibrant Gujarat Summit, he said, "At that time, I had said that do not delay (in coming to Gujarat), the queue might be too long too soon and you might be left behind".
"Today I am saying the same thing with confidence- that the queue would be too long too soon," Modi said, in the last engagement of his five-day visit to the US.
Among those present at the meeting were World Bank President Jim Yong Kim, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, and several top corporate leaders from both the US and India, including Mukesh Ambani.
USIBC chairman, Ajay Banga, who is also MasterCard CEO, said India under Modi is experiencing a new chapter of growth.
And encouraged by the steps taken by the new Indian government in its first three months, the USIBC has identified upwards of $41 billion slated for investment from members over the next two to three years, he said.
"The best days of US-India relations are coming," Banga said.
"What a difference one election can make," Banga added.
The US Chamber of Commerce President, Tom Donohue, in his brief remarks welcomed Modi's commitment to replace "red tape with red carpet".
In his speech, which he delivered in Hindi with simultaneous interpretation in English, Modi said even if there is no red carpet, he would ensure that there is no red tape in his country.
He assured American investors and businesses that in the next six months, he would implement all the things necessary for ease of business in the country.
"With its full force, India is vowing to make its presence felt in the economic world and is moving ahead with a new confidence, he said, adding that in less than three to four months of his government, he does not see any reason whatsoever for India lagging behind in the global economy.
"There is no need to waste time in finding an answer to the question? why we are lagging behind," he said.
"We need to make only one small decision: 'Chalo, Nikal Paro (Come Let's Move)'," he said adding that India is now on the move.
"Now I can say with confidence that there is a new faith and aspiration towards India the world over," he said.
Business and corporate world, he said based on his experience, need effective governance, easy governance and ways to avoid red-tapism, even if they do not get red carpet.
Modi said it is a responsibility of his government to provide a development-friendly environment.
People should be assured about the security of their investment, be given proper infrastructure and require a peaceful neighbour, in addition to adequate human resources.
The Indian government has made a road map keeping this in mind, he added.
He also called for a vibrant economy for a country, otherwise no one would come.
"Fiscal deficit should be less. There should be no existence of tax terrorism. There should be simplification of taxation system. After coming to power, we have given priority to these things," Modi said.
Modi said he has established a committee to remove obsolete and outdated rules and regulations.
"The less the regulations and law, the more fresh air," he added.
Reiterating that the government 'has no business to remain in business', Modi said his government has taken decision of a record disinvestment of $10 billion.
"Our job is to facilitate things and not run a business," he said.
The Prime Minister said he has instructed his officials to take steps towards ease of business.
"Today, I can say with confidence that within six months, we will implement and enforce all parameters of ease of business," Modi said adding that "Make in India" campaign is being connected with the digital world.
(PTI)

Mallya gets nod to continue as USL chairmanVijay Mallya gets shareholders' nod to continue as USL chairman
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 02.13PM IST
Tags:
Anand Kripalu
(Vijay Mallya has been…)
NEW DELHI: Liquor baron Vijay Mallya has been re-elected as non-executive director and chairman of United Spirits at the annual general meeting of the liquor major.
Following a reduction in its shareholding in USL, United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd (UBHL), promoted by Mallya, is no longer entitled to recommend an independent director to the USL board, global spirits major Diageo said in a statement.
"The composition of the USL board following the annual general meeting reflects this change," it said.
At the AGM of USL held yesterday in Bangalore, Diageo said shareholders of USL approved appointments of CEO Anand Kripalu as a director and Sudhakar Rao, D Sivanandhan and Indu Shahani as independent non-executive directors apart from Mallya's re-appointment.
Diageo said other members of USL board -- Paul Walsh (non-executive director nominated by Diageo), Ravi Rajagopal (non-executive director nominated by Diageo) and P A Murali (CFO and Diageo-nominated director) -- would continue in their respective positions.
UBHL remains entitled under the shareholders agreement to nominate one director to the USL board subject to it continuing to hold at least 1,307,950 shares in USL and Mallya continuing to control UBHL, it said.
"Diageo's contractual obligations to support Mallya continuing as non-executive director and chairman of USL are subject to these conditions as well as the absence of certain defaults by UBHL or Mallya," the statement said.
Mallya remains UBHL's nominated director and therefore, in accordance with the terms of the Shareholders Agreement, Diageo voted in favour of the resolution at the USL AGM to re-appoint Mallya as a director of USL, it said.
Diageo is the majority shareholder in USL with 54.78 per cent interest and continues to be entitled under the shareholders' agreement to appoint its nominees to the roles of CEO and CFO of USL, as well as to nominate and recommend directors to the USL board, subject to overall composition of the USL board meeting the applicable requirements of Indian law and regulation, the spirits major said.
The world's largest spirits maker Diageo Plc had on November 9, 2012 announced that it would acquire 53.4 per cent stake in United Spirits for Rs 11,166.5 crore in a multi-structured deal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt signs pact for offshore wind power projectYou are here: Home > Collections
Government signs pact for offshore wind power project
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 01.37PM IST
Tags:
Environment Impact Assessment
(The first planned demonstration…)
NEW DELHI: The government today announced signing of an initial pact for setting up a joint venture firm for executing an offshore wind power project in Gujarat.
"An MOU (Memorandum of Understanding) for setting up a Joint Venture Company towards undertaking the offshore wind power project in the country along the Gujarat coast has been signed," an official statement said.
The MoU was signed by Ministry of New and Renewable Energy ( MNRE ), National Institute of Wind Energy (NIWE), and consortium of partners consisting NTPC, Power Grid Corporation, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency ( IREDA ), Power Finance Corporation, Power Trading Corporation and Gujarat Power Corporation.
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal described it as a great opportunity in the development of renewable energy resources in the country. The Minister also suggested building partnership with Defence, Coast Guard and Shipping to ensure seamless and time bound approval process, the statement said.
The JV company will undertake detailed feasibility study based on the inputs received from pre-feasibility studies and necessary steps for implementation of the first offshore demonstration wind power project. The first planned demonstration offshore wind power project along the Gujarat coast will be of about 100 MW capacity.
It has been proposed to provide subsidy for setting up of evacuation and transmission infrastructure of the offshore wind power to the main land including financial support for carrying out studies such as wind resource assessment, Environment Impact Assessment (EIA), oceanographic survey and Bathymetric studies.
The Ministry would also assist in obtaining clearances involved during the implementation of the project. Wind power development onshore has reached a commercial stage in India and is the fastest growing renewable energy option today, the statement added.
India also has around 7,600 km of coastline which offers great potential for off-shore wind power development. The current installed wind power capacity in the country is 22,000 MW.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New snake discovered in OdishaUpdated: September 28, 2014 02:06 IST
New snake discovered in Odisha
Staff Reporter
COLLAR UP: The Lycodon Odishi, which is distinguished by a yellow collar, has earlier been mistaken for the endemic Lycodon jara.
TOPICS
environmental issues
Amateur herpetologists study Lycodon Odishi after rescue by Snake Helpline
A group of amateur herpetologists from Odisha here on Saturday claimed to have discovered a non-venomous snake in the State.
After months of research, these researchers have established clarity around the snake species, which were discovered in Ganjam district. The new snake species was rescued by Snake Helpline and subsequently studied in depth by a group of amateur herpetologists and scholars from Odisha.
“This research paper has been published in a leading international science journal — The Russian Journal of Herpetology. Dedicating this find to Odisha and its popular dance form Odissi, the scientific name of this new snake has been conferred as Lycodon Odishi,” Subhendu Mallik, chief investigator of the group, here on Saturday.
The common name of the snake has been given as Subhendu’s Wolf Snake by the team who studied the snake.
“The new species was earlier overlooked by scientists and herpetologists as a young specimen of twin spotted wolf snake (Lycodon jara). The species is not just endemic to Odisha, but has been sighted elsewhere. It was always mistaken as a juvenile of the Lycodon jara. Strikingly similar to Lycodon jara, the Lycodon Odishi is much smaller and has a yellow collar which the Lycodon jara does not,” Mr. Mallik pointed out.
“The Lycodon Odishi is a nocturnal and non-venomous species of snake and feeds mostly on skinks and geckos..”

Google faces German order over profilingGoogle faces German warning over user profiling
By Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32f313f6-48b5-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Non-subsidised LPG cylinder price cut by Rs 21 to Rs 880; ATF by 3 pctNon-subsidised LPG cylinder price cut by Rs 21 to Rs 880; ATF by 3 pct
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 01 2014, 11:35  IST
Oct 01 2014, 11:35  IST
 

Here s a 3D image of Mars from Mangalyaan photosHere's a 3D image of Mars from Mangalyaan photos
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 01, 2014
First Published: 08:56 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:54 IST(1/10/2014)
The Indian Space Research Organisation (Isro) on Tuesday uploaded a 3D image of Mars - generated using multiple pictures acquired by Mars Color Camera in the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM).
3D image of Mars taken by the Mars Orbiter Mission. (Courtesy: Isro)
India's maiden spacecraft to Mars - MOM had reached the Red Planet on September 24.
"An anaglyph 3D image of Mars - generated using multiple pictures acquired by Mars Color Camera," says the Facebook page of Isro.
But before that Isro also loaded for public an easy way on how to make your own 3D glasses.
On Monday, Isro had uploaded the regional dust storm activities over northern hemisphere of Mars - captured by Mars Color Camera. The image was taken from an altitude of 74,500 km from the surface of Mars.

Government confirms first case of Ebola in USGovernment confirms first case of Ebola in US
AP
print
The unidentified man was critically ill and has been in isolation at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital since Sunday, federal health officials said. They would not reveal his nationality or age.
Authorities have begun tracking down family, friends and anyone else who may have come in close contact with him and could be at risk for becoming ill. But officials said there are no other suspected cases in Texas.
At the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Director Tom Frieden said the man left Liberia on Sept. 19, arrived the next day to visit relatives and started feeling ill four or five days later. He said it was not clear how the patient became infected.
There was no risk to any fellow airline passengers because the man had no symptoms when he was traveling, Frieden said.
Ebola symptoms can include fever, muscle pain, vomiting and bleeding, and can appear as long as 21 days after exposure to the virus. The disease is not contagious until symptoms begin, and it takes close contact with bodily fluids to spread.
"I have no doubt that we'll stop this in its tracks in the U.S. But I also have no doubt, that as long as the outbreak continues in Africa, we need to be on our guard," Frieden told reporters.
"It is certainly possible that someone who had contact with this individual, a family member or other individual, could develop Ebola in the coming weeks," he added. "But there is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here."
He said he didn't believe anyone on the same flights as the patient was at risk.
"Ebola doesn't spread before someone gets sick and he didn't get sick until four days after he got off the airplane," Frieden said.
Frieden briefed President Barack Obama by phone about the diagnosis, the White House said.
Word of the infection alarmed the local Liberian community.
"People have been calling, trying to find out if anybody knows the family," said Stanley Gaye, president of the Liberian Community Association of Dallas-Fort Worth. "We've been telling people to try to stay away from social gatherings."
Four American aid workers who became infected in West Africa have been flown back to the U.S. for treatment after they became sick. They were cared for in special isolation facilities at hospitals in Atlanta and Nebraska. Three have recovered.
Also, a U.S. doctor exposed to the virus in Sierra Leone is under observation in a similar facility at the National Institutes of Health.
The U.S. has only four such isolation units. Asked whether the Texas patient would be moved to one of those specialty facilities, Frieden said there was no need and virtually any hospital can provide the proper care and infection control.
Dr. Edward Goodman, an epidemiologist at the hospital, said the US was much better prepared to handle the disease than African hospitals, which are often short of doctors, gloves, gowns and masks.
"We don't have those problems. So we're perfectly capable of taking care of this patient with no risk to other people," Goodman said.
After arriving in the U.S. on Sept. 20, the man began to develop symptoms last Wednesday and initially sought care two days later. But he was released. At the time, hospital officials did not know he had been in West Africa. He returned later as his condition worsened.
Blood tests by Texas health officials and the CDC separately confirmed an Ebola diagnosis on Tuesday.
State health officials described the patient as seriously ill. Goodman said he was able to communicate and was hungry.
The hospital is discussing if experimental treatments would be appropriate, Frieden said.
Since the summer months, U.S. health officials have been preparing for the possibility that an individual traveler could unknowingly arrive with the infection. Health authorities have advised hospitals on how to prevent the virus from spreading within their facilities.
People boarding planes in the outbreak zone are checked for fever, but that does not guarantee that an infected person won't get through.
Liberia is one of the three hardest-hit countries in the epidemic, along with Sierra Leone and Guinea.
Ebola is believed to have sickened more than 6,500 people in West Africa, and more than 3,000 deaths have been linked to the disease, according to the World Health Organization. But even those tolls are probably underestimates, partially because there are not enough labs to test people for Ebola.
Two mobile Ebola labs staffed by American naval researchers arrived this weekend and will be operational this week, according to the U.S. Embassy in Monrovia. The labs will reduce the amount of time it takes to learn if a patient has Ebola from several days to a few hours.
The U.S. military also delivered equipment to build a field hospital, originally designed to treat troops in combat zones. The 25-bed clinic will be staffed by American health workers and will treat doctors and nurses who have become infected. The US is planning to build 17 other clinics in Liberia and will help train more health workers to staff them.

Jayalalithaa stays in jail  court defers bail hearing to October 7Jayalalithaa stays in jail, protests continue to rage in Tamil Nadu
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, October 01, 2014
First Published: 11:09 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 14:20 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
Jailed former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa will have to stay in prison for at least six more days as the Karnataka High Court Wednesday posted for October 7 hearing on her pleas for suspension of the sentence and immediate bail in the disproportionate assets case.
 
When the matter came up before the vacation bench judge Justice Rathnakala, Jayalalithaa's counsel Ram Jethmalani pleaded for suspending the sentence pending appeal under Section 389 of the Criminal Procedure Code and for her release on bail.
Jaya conviction an internal Indian issue: Sri Lanka 
  
Section 389 states that pending any appeal by a convicted person, the appellate court may order that the execution of the sentence or order appealed against be suspended. Also, if the person is in confinement, that he or she be released on bail, or on own bond.
"In my considered opinion, this is a matter to be heard by the regular bench," the judge said.
During the brief hearing, Special Public Prosecutor Bhavani Singh filed the objections to Jayalalithaa's pleas and also a memo about his appointment as the SPP in the case.
Singh, who was SPP in the special court in the disproportionate assets case, had told the court Tuesday that he had not yet received any official notification appointing him as the SPP for the criminal appeal filed in the High Court.
    
As Singh sought more time, the judge had first posted the matter for hearing on October 6, which was later rescheduled for Wednesday following pleas by Jayalalithaa's counsels.
Immediately after the judge adjourned the case to next week, a large contingent of Jayalalithaa supporters protested outside the high court
Jayalalithaa's aide Sasikala, her relatives V N Sudhakaran, disowned son of the former Chief Minister and Ilavarasi will also have to spend at least six more days in jail as their petitions for bail and suspension of the sentence were also adjourned for October 7.
 
The High Court is on Dasara holidays from September 29 to October 6. October 7 is also a government holiday on account of Bakrid.
 
In her petitions seeking immediate bail and challenging her sentence, Jayalalithaa has maintained that the charges of amassing wealth against her were false and that she had acquired property through legal means.
 
Jayalalitha has also contended that the trial court has overlooked several judgements and has not considered the binding nature of various income tax orders and decisions of the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, which had accepted the income and the level of expenditure pleaded by her.
Protests continue in Tamil Nadu; 19 dead
One more person died Wednesday in an act of suicide after being apparently upset over Jayalalithaa's conviction in the disproportionate asset case as protests against her conviction continued across the state for the fifth day.
 
A 55-year-old farmer died at the government hospital in Nagapattinam, three days after he consumed poison at his house in Oorkuthi village near Nagapattinam, police said.
 
With this, the toll of those believed to have died in various parts of the state unable to bear the four-year jail term awarded to Jayalalithaa since September 27 has risen to 19.
 
Though AIADMK activists harboured a ray of hope on their leader's possible release after their lawyers' wing managed to get the vacation bench to hear Jayalalithaa's bail petition, they were disappointed as the case was adjourned shortly after it was taken up for hearing by the judge.
 
Protests continued in various parts of Chennai and elsewhere in the state, with party workers displaying posters and display boards, demanding release of their 'Amma.'  AIADMK's student wing also joined the protests organised by other branches of the party in Chennai, while the IT wing held a human chain near the party headquarters.
 
A report from Tiruchirappalli said AIADMK workers continued their fast for the fifth day near Anna Statue, pressing for release of their leader. Similar protests were reported from various parts of the district.
 
Representatives of Cable TV operators' Association, Brick Kiln Owners Association and trade unions associated with AIADMK also observed a fast at Namakkal.

What makes Adani Ports emerging company of the year | TCS is company of the yearAdani Ports
(While government port expansion…)
Adani Ports & Special Economic Zone is the biggest success story in the Indian port industry. In an industry largely run by big government ports that offer services at absurdly low prices, Adani Ports has been successful in chipping away at market share , and now has 16 per cent of it. The reason? In the post-liberalisation era, when Indian trade was picking up, the government-run ports on the west coast were struggling with low capacity, high employee cost and poor connectivity to the heartland. Ships had to wait for hours, if not days, to offload and pick up cargo.
Gautam Adani's Mundra Port in Gujarat in contrast offered berths to ships on arrival, had massive storage space and great inland connectivity to the north-west consumer belt of India. Even though prices were high, consumers didn't complain.
Today, while government port expansion is taking time to take off, 20-year-old Adani Ports has carved a niche for itself, and a loyal customer base. The company's revenue for the last financial year was Rs 5,508 crore, up 43 per cent from a year earlier.
When pitted against its peers, APSEZ's performance looks pretty impressive. Against a CAGR of 23 per cent of Gujarat Pipavav Port and a negative growth of Essar Ports, APSEZ has grown at a CAGR of 31 per cent in the past five years. APSEZ has consistently generated return on equity of over 20 per cent since the time of its listing. By contrast, its competitors such as Essar Ports and Gujarat Pipavav Port are struggling to generate returns of over 13 per cent.
Adani Ports is also growing rapidly outside Mundra. Apart from Hazira and Dahej in Gujarat, other ports terminals in Goa, Kandla, Visakhapatnam, Ennore and Tuna Tekra will start making bigger contributions to profits. Adani Ports also recently gobbled up Dhamra Ports in Odisha for Rs 5,500 crore, and is on the prowl for more acquisitions in the south-east coast.
Another factor that will add to its coffers and cargo volume is its 8,481 hectares SEZ. The intention is to attract export-oriented industries to produce near the port, giving the company a constant source of cargo. Adani Ports was earlier expecting to achieve 200 million tonnes (MT) of cargo by 2020. It now expects to achieve 200 MT by 2017.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee heads for 62  IT stocks on a roll; five stocks that returned 35%You are here: Home > Collections
Top 5 tech stocks that outperformed ahead of Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 01.46PM IST
(Hopes of pick-up in the US…)
MUMBAI: The Indian IT sector, has been giving consistent results for the past few years. It has been one of the few sectors to have outperformed cyclicals in post election market.
Earnings have been stable for most of the companies and with Vishal Sikka at helm of affairs, things are expected to improve for Infosys.
Most investors who entered the market on hopes of economic revival shifted to IT sector after the cyclicals failed to deliver good results in previous quarter.
Hopes of pick-up in the US economy and a strengthening US dollar against other currency basket have been the main drivers for the sector.
The BSE IT Index has surged over 17 per cent in last quarter and recently hit an all-time high of 10,749.35.
The US dollar Index is at 86 and if the momentum continues, the Indian currency is likely to depreciate further. The rupee against the US dollar has slipped close to 62 level. According to analysts, if FII outflows continue then the rupee may even fall to 63 per dollar in near to medium term.
Mindtree, Persistent Systems, Tech Mahindra, Infosys and TCS are the top five performers in the last three months in BSE IT Index. Following are the brokerages view on these stocks after Q1 results:
Mindtree:
In a meeting hosted by Kotak Institutional Equities for Mindtree in September, the management had reiterated (1) aspirations of industry-leading revenue growth, (2) comfort in maintaining margins at constant currency and (3) prospects of better growth in a challenged hi-tech vertical.
"The Mindtree stock had a strong run over the past 12 months and now trades at 16X FY2016E earnings. Focused strategy, solid deal wins and an ability to compete at par with much larger peers in its chosen areas will ensure solid revenue growth for Mindtree," the report said.
"Mindtree is likely to be the fastest-growing company under KIE's technology coverage in the next couple of years. Strong growth will sustain premium multiples," it added.
According to Kotak Securities, the valuations of the company are at a premium but deserved for consistency and leadership in growth. It has a price target of Rs 1,180 on the stock.
Persisten Systems:
Analysts at Prabhudas Lilladher recently interacted with the management of the company to understand the demand environment and possible impact due to seasonality.
According to the management, Q2FY15 is turning out to be a strong quarter compared to Q1FY15 with positive margin bias despite wage hike. However, a slow start to the year may restrict a strong beat to NASSCOM guidance.
"We expect PSYS' revenue momentum to improve during the course of year with margin improvement. Moreover, IP revenue can accelerate earnings. However, our estimate has factored in most of the positives and sees limited scope of upgrade in the near term. We retain our "Accumulate" rating," the report said.
The brokerage has a price target of Rs 1,450 on the stock.
Tech Mahindra:
CLSA remains skeptical about Tech Mahindra's margin recovery prospects after its 500bps decline. According to the brokerage, as the company lacks depth in key verticals and has only average capabilities in digital/SMAC, it less-than-confident about Tech Mahindra's sustainable organic growth.
"Tech Mahindra remains a weak business that should trade at 14x one-year forward PE (0.5standard deviation above its 10-year and two-year average and a 20 per cent discount to tier-1 players). As the recent share price rally appears unwarranted and we downgrade our call from Underperform to SELL," the report said.
The brokerage has a price target of Rs 2200 on the stock.
 
Infosys:
Reliance Securities is of the view that the company is likely to approach near industry-level growth by FY2016E based on: 1) focus around high-growth IMS line with a clear digital strategy, 2) stability in attrition with clarity within the leadership structure, 3) greater competitive intensity in chasing deals, 4) bundled-services strategy for chasing large-deals and 5) availability of multiple margin-levers.
"With the new leadership structure and new CEO at the helm of affairs, we expect the management to announce the growth strategy for the company ahead. We believe that the company is likely to unveil a bundled strategy around ADM, IMS and SMAC service-lines and is likely to increase its competitive intensity around securing large-deals," the report said.
The brokerage has a 'Buy' on the stock with a target of Rs 4,150.
TCS:
Tata Consultancy Services has reiterated that FY2015 would be better than FY2014 even on an organic basis.
TCS has already delivered strong numbers for Q1FY2015 with a 5.5 per cent Q-o-Q growth. For Q2FY2015 also it expects to deliver around 5.5 per cent sequential growth on an organic basis. Including the consolidation of the Mitsubishi JV (which contributes $100 million), the growth will be over 7 per cent.
According to Sharekhan, the stock trades a little over 20.5x FY2016E earnings. In view of the potential for improvement in the demand environment and the overall improvement in market sentiment, it expects TCS to get re-rated because of its strong leadership position.
"We raise our price target to Rs 2,900, which is 22x the FY2016E earnings. We maintain our Buy rating on the stock, which remains our top pick in the IT sector," the report said.
Company Returns % Mindtree  35.90    Persistent Systems  31.48    Tech Mahindra  18.23    Infosys  16.80    TCS  15.96
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government signs pact for offshore wind powe...You are here: Home > Collections
Government signs pact for offshore wind power project
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 01.37PM IST
Tags:
Environment Impact Assessment
(The first planned demonstration…)
NEW DELHI: The government today announced signing of an initial pact for setting up a joint venture firm for executing an offshore wind power project in Gujarat.
"An MOU (Memorandum of Understanding) for setting up a Joint Venture Company towards undertaking the offshore wind power project in the country along the Gujarat coast has been signed," an official statement said.
The MoU was signed by Ministry of New and Renewable Energy ( MNRE ), National Institute of Wind Energy (NIWE), and consortium of partners consisting NTPC, Power Grid Corporation, Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency ( IREDA ), Power Finance Corporation, Power Trading Corporation and Gujarat Power Corporation.
Power and Coal Minister Piyush Goyal described it as a great opportunity in the development of renewable energy resources in the country. The Minister also suggested building partnership with Defence, Coast Guard and Shipping to ensure seamless and time bound approval process, the statement said.
The JV company will undertake detailed feasibility study based on the inputs received from pre-feasibility studies and necessary steps for implementation of the first offshore demonstration wind power project. The first planned demonstration offshore wind power project along the Gujarat coast will be of about 100 MW capacity.
It has been proposed to provide subsidy for setting up of evacuation and transmission infrastructure of the offshore wind power to the main land including financial support for carrying out studies such as wind resource assessment, Environment Impact Assessment (EIA), oceanographic survey and Bathymetric studies.
The Ministry would also assist in obtaining clearances involved during the implementation of the project. Wind power development onshore has reached a commercial stage in India and is the fastest growing renewable energy option today, the statement added.
India also has around 7,600 km of coastline which offers great potential for off-shore wind power development. The current installed wind power capacity in the country is 22,000 MW.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Secure fishermen s release  Panneerselvam requests PMUpdated: October 1, 2014 14:55 IST
Secure fishermen's release, Panneerselvam requests PM
T. Ramakrishnan
The Hindu Tamil Nadu's new Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam on Tuesday wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, seeking "positive and concrete steps" to secure the immediate release of fishermen in Sri Lankan custody. Photo: M. Prabhu
TOPICS
heads of state
In his first letter after assuming charge, the Tamil Nadu CM sought release of 20 fishermen arrested by the Sri Lankan Navy early this week.
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam, in his first letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi after assuming charge, has sought the release of 20 fishermen who were arrested by the Sri Lankan Navy early this week.
In his letter of September 30, he requested the Union Government to take “positive and concrete steps” to secure the immediate release of 20 fishermen and 75 boats, still in the custody of the Sri Lankan authorities.
Bringing to the Prime Minister’s attention two incidents of arrest of 20 fishermen (four on Sunday and 16 on Tuesday ), the Chief Minister said “the traditional rights of fishermen from Tamil Nadu to fish in the waters of Palk Bay is continuously being infringed upon by the Sri Lankan Navy.”
Beginning his letter with a reference to the “untiring and relentless efforts” of Ms. Jayalailthaa in the latest release of 76 fishermen, Mr. Panneerselvam also mentioned that he appreciated the efforts of the Central Government under the leadership of Mr. Modi in securing the release of fishermen who were apprehended by the Sri Lankan Navy.
“Unfortunately, 71 fishing boats of these fishermen have not yet been released by the Sri Lankan Government and are falling apart from disuse there itself,” the Chief Minister said, adding that the impending advent of northeast monsoon mandated the immediate release of the boats.
He reiterated the need to restore the traditional rights of the State’s fishermen by annulling the ill-advised Indo-Sri Lankan agreements of 1974 and 1976 urgently. “I am confident that your Government will find suitable mechanisms to resolve this long pending fishing dispute between India and Sri Lanka by retrieving Katchatheevu and restoring the traditional fishing rights of our fishermen,” Mr. Panneerselvam added.

Is the Fear of Missing Out driving Internet useE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

EBay to Spin Off Payments Unit in 2015You are here: Home Corporates
EBay to Spin Off PayPal in 2015
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 18:11 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
EBay Inc has said it would spin off its fast-growing payments business - PayPal - into a publicly-traded company in the second half of 2015, marking an about-face for the company.
EBay chief executive John Donahoe had resisted demands by activist investor Carl Icahn to hive off the service, saying PayPal was integral to eBay's business - and vice versa. Mr Icahn backed off from his demand in April.
"A thorough strategic review with our board shows that keeping eBay and PayPal together beyond 2015 clearly becomes less advantageous to each business strategically and competitively," Mr Donahoe said in a statement on Tuesday.
After the tax-free spinoff to shareholders, the new eBay will be headed by Devin Wenig, president of eBay Marketplaces and former head of the Markets division of Thomson Reuters Corp.
American Express Co executive Dan Schulman joins PayPal immediately as president and CEO of PayPal after the spinoff, the company said.
Mr Donahoe and chief financial officer Bob Swan will oversee the separation and serve on the boards of both companies.
PayPal was founded in the late 1990s and went public in 2002. It was acquired by eBay soon afterward for $1.5 billion.
PayPal had 143 million active users at the end of 2013, up 16 percent from a year earlier.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Aug infra output growth hits 2-month highSave this video
Copy URL
Led by healthy growth in coal, cement and electricity sectors, the eight core industries grew by 5.8 per cent in August this year against 4.7 per cent in the same month last year.
25

U.S. has already spent $1B fighting ISISU.S. has already spent nearly $1 billion fighting ISIS
By Chris Isidore   @CNNMoney September 30, 2014: 10:34 AM ET
 
The cost of war against ISIS
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The first wave of U.S. military attacks against ISIS has cost nearly $1 billion, according to a military think tank.
And costs could rise to as much as $1.8 billion a month if the U.S. military presence grows to 25,000 ground troops, as some have suggested, said the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessment (CSBA).
 
ISIS recruiting on teen social networks
The Center said that even if operations don't escalate, it will cost between $200 million and $320 million a month to maintain the current level of airstrikes and support troops. That works out to as much as $4 billion a year.
A Pentagon spokesman told CNN last week that military operations are likely to continue at their current level " for a matter of years .
First Published: September 30, 2014: 10:34 AM ET
Most Popular
Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

ISIS recruiting tactics:  I m just like youISIS recruiting tactics: Apple pie and video games
By Laurie Segall   @LaurieSegallCNN September 30, 2014: 11:34 AM ET
 
ISIS recruiting on teen social networks
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
He says his favorite dessert is hot apple pie with ice cream on top. That he maintains his beard using shampoo, scented oils, and a comb. And that the day he fell in love was the day he embraced Islam.
These personal details are part of a Q&A with an ISIS recruiter on Ask.fm, a popular site where people can ask questions anonymously.
His photo is cut off to conceal his identity, and beside it is the tagline "Im just like you" — common for ISIS recruiters on social networks like Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
He's answered 299 questions from the community on Ask.fm, a lesser-known social network with 180 million users worldwide, many of them teenagers.
Other answers include: marriage status (single), where he's from (the United Kingdom) and more specific questions about fighting for ISIS and how his parents reacted when he converted.
He also encourages questioners to make "hijrah" or migrate to Syria. He fields inquiries from a variety of people -- one who identifies as American, others curious about joining ISIS.
"He's a recruiter who may be putting himself out there to some kid who may be trolling looking to see if he can cash in on this little Jihadi adventure that they all think they're on," said terrorism analyst Mubin Shaikh after looking at the Ask.fm posts.
Shaikh is a former recruiter for the Taliban who defected and now works to identify and expose potential threats.
ISIS is known to use popular social media for its recruiting and Shaikh shared many examples that have been taken down. On Instagram, there was a photo referencing the popular video game, Call of Duty. On Twitter, a tweet telling readers to "put the chicken wings down n come to Jihad bro."
Ask.fm says it's been removing such pages, though the one referenced in this story is available. "Right now, we are focused on being able to understand, spot and catch extremes of behavior, such as specific threats of violence (including terrorist threats) and other illegal activity," a spokesperson from Ask.fm said in a statement to CNNMoney.
A spokesperson from Instagram/Facebook says terrorist groups, like ISIS, are not permitted on the sites. "We do not allow any person or group to promote terrorism or share graphic content for sadistic purposes. This has long been our policy and something that we take very seriously," the spokesperson said.
The recruitment process goes beyond social networks. On Ask.fm, recruiters will sometimes respond to questions by offering their "kik" username so users can get in touch privately. Kik is a smartphone app for messaging.
There are also jihadi web forums where information is exchanged using advanced encryption software, according to Laith Alkhouri, director of Research at Flashpoint Global Partners, which analyzes terrorist communities.
Some use it to allow individuals to communicate directly with recruiting agents for ISIS. Those protected conversations cover everything from how to cross the border, what to bring, and what life as an ISIS member is like, said Alkhouri.
Shaikh says while companies are becoming more vigilant purging terrorist groups from their sites, damage is done.
"The recruitment has been going on for a long time," he says. "It will be on the decline but it might be a little too late because now the individuals are already there, they're part of the group, part of the threat and they're welcome to bring the threat back."

Monsoon ends with double-digit rain deficitWorst monsoon in five years sees 12 per cent rain deficit
Ratnajyoti Dutta        Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 22:37 IST
The nation's worst monsoon season in five years ended on Tuesday and despite a large rainfall deficit, a delayed finish is expected to improve soil moisture and sowing prospects for winter crops.
The summer grain harvest in one of the world's leading consumers and producers is forecast to be lower than last year's due to a weak start of the June-September monsoon rain season .
But the harvest will be enough to allow the government to continue unrestricted grain exports and to rein in food prices in the world's second most populous country.
The monsoon is the main determinant of rural spending on all consumer goods as two-thirds of the country's 1.2 billion people live in villages as well as directly affecting food prices.
"Grain supplies are unlikely to drop to a level that would trigger double-digit inflation," said P.K. Joshi, Director for South Asia of International Food Policy Research Institute.
Monsoon rains are vital because the farm sector accounts for 14 per cent of the national economy and half of the country's farmland lacks irrigation. A revival in the monsoon since late July eased food inflation to 5.15 per cent in August from 8.43 percent in the previous month.
"A late surge in the monsoon has helped evade a widespread drought though the huge starting deficit in rainfall couldn't bring down the gap to a single digit level," said L.S. Rathore, director general of the India Meteorological Department.
The four-month long monsoon season ended with 12 percent below average rainfall, making it the worst in five years.
A shaky start to the season lead to a 43 per cent shortfall in rain in the first month, but that deficit shrank to a tenth below average each in the two key planting months of July and August due to the late surge in the summer rains.
A delay in the retreat from the grain bowl northwest India had helped the monsoon show an eight percent surplus in September, boosting prospects of winter crops such as wheat and rapeseed, grown in irrigated areas where the rains filled up water levels in reservoirs.
Rains at the end of the summer are seen boosting 2014/15 rice yields after patchy rain during the first half and flash floods in the second half led farm ministry to forecast a 4 per cent year-on-year drop in output to 88 million tonnes.
"This year's monsoon has escaped a drought from agricultural point of view but the poor first half will have a bearing on the summer harvests," said J.S. Sandhu, farm commissioner.
Sandhu sounded an optimistic note on overall food supplies for the current crop year to June as the delayed finish would benefit winter sown crops over the summer harvests.
A wet run in the monsoon also caused flash floods in host of states in north and eastern India including picturesque Kashmir. Floods in Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Assam and Odisha killed hundreds, and made thousands homeless.
The dry run in the first half forced two states in north India -Haryana and Uttar Pradesh-to declare droughts, and seek federal government subsidies on diesel to run pumps for irrigation.
(Reuters)

This time-lapse video shows lightning  an aurora  and a sunrise  from spaceBy Rachel Feltman September 30 Follow @rachelfeltman
Yet another reason to become an astronaut: You get to make the best time-lapse videos in the whole solar system.
In the video above, European Space Agency astronaut Alexander Gerst condenses a complete orbit of our planet (which takes the International Space Station about 90 minutes) into a one-minute video. There's plenty to see: We start off with the breathtaking sight of a green aurora, the result of solar radiation (possibly even one of the aurora flares caused by recent solar storms ).
Halfway through the time lapse, keep an eye out for the pops of bright light that signal lightning strikes about 250 miles below. And then the sun makes an appearance, revealing a cloudy day. The fact that an astronaut gets to watch all of these Earthly wonders pass by the window in less than two hours is just the tiniest bit daunting.
For more of Gerst's photos and time-lapse videos (and to keep tabs on him while he completes his ISS mission), follow him on Twitter .
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Exxon Fracking Report Responds to ShareholdersAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

First Ebola case confirmed in the U.S.By Mark Berman September 30 Follow @markberman
Months after the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history began ravaging West African countries, a man who flew from Liberia to Dallas became the first case of Ebola to be diagnosed in the United States.
Health officials stressed that they are confident they can control this case and keep it from spreading in the U.S.
“We’re stopping it in its tracks in this country,” Thomas Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, declared during a news conference Tuesday afternoon.
The man who is infected, who was not identified, left Liberia on Sept. 19 and arrived in the U.S. the following day to visit family members. Health officials are working to identify everyone who may have been exposed to this man. Frieden said this covered just a “handful” of people, a group that will be watched for three weeks to see if any symptoms emerge.
“The bottom line here is that I have no doubt that we will control this importation, or this case of Ebola, so that it does not spread widely in this country,” Frieden said. “It is certainly possible that someone who had contact with this individual could develop Ebola in the coming weeks. But there is no doubt in my mind that we will stop it here.”
There have been more than 6,500 reported cases of Ebola in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone as of Tuesday, and the crisis has been blamed for more than 3,000 deaths, according to the World Health Organization. So far, the only known cases of Ebola in the U.S. involved American doctors and aid workers who were infected and returned to the country for treatment.
We have much more on this story over at  To Your Health .
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

NPPA Questioned on Capping of Drug Prices in Absence of GuidelinesFDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Tuesday asked the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) to show the manner in which it is exercising its power to cap prices of non-scheduled drugs in view of the recent withdrawal of the guidelines issued for the purpose.
"It's not that you do not have the power for carrying out the exercise, it's the manner in which you exercise it that is being questioned," the bench said after the counsel for the NPPA contended that withdrawal of the guidelines has not taken away the authority's power to fix prices.
"File an affidavit indicating framework within which prices for non-scheduled drugs are now sought to be sustained in the absence of the guidelines," it said.
The Department of Pharmaceuticals under the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers had on September 19 ordered the NPPA to withdraw a guideline under the Drug (Prices Control) Order (DPCO) of 2013 that gave the pricing authority powers to cap prices of non-scheduled drugs.
The NPPA had on the basis of the May 29 guideline issued a notification on July 10 capping prices of 108 anti-diabetic and cardiovascular drugs.
Senior advocate Kapil Sibal, appearing for the Organisation of Pharma Producers of India (OPPI), said since the guidelines for the price fixation of drugs has been withdrawn, it would also affect the operation of the July 10 notification.
The OPPI has moved the court challenging the notification and seeking an order preventing the government from taking any further steps in pursuance of the same.
The NPPA submitted before the court that only some internal guidelines were withdrawn and the same would not in any way affect the July 10 notification.
The court, however, directed the authority to file an affidavit making its stand clear on the issue.
The NPPA had on July 10 brought prices of over 100 non-scheduled drugs under price control as per Paragraph 19 of DPCO 2013, which authorises it in extraordinary circumstances, if it considers necessary so to do in public interest, to fix the ceiling price or retail price of any drug for such period as it deems fit.
While bringing the drugs under price control, the NPPA had noted that it is of the considered view that there exist huge inter-brand price differences in branded-generics/off patent drugs, which is indicative of a severe market failure.
 
 
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 22:58 (IST)

Lenders Fear Coal Block Cancellations May Spike NPA PainsYou are here: Home Industries
Lenders Fear Coal Block Cancellations May Spike NPA Pains
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 05:03 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
Mumbai: Bankers have expressed apprehension over the fallout of the recent Supreme Court decision to de-allocate as many as 214 coal blocks, saying it could increase the already high NPA levels of banks but added that as of now, there is no need to panic.
"It could happen... I am not ruling it out, but again we are not pressing all the panic buttons. I don't think there is a case for that. We need to be little patient and watch where it goes," State Bank chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said in Mumbai after the customary post-policy media briefing on Tuesday.
SBI has exposure of over Rs 4,130 crore to some of the affected companies which have coal linkages with the cancelled coal blocks.
Chanda Kochhar, chief of the largest private sector lender ICICI Bank, which has not disclosed its exposure to the affected blocks, however, observed that it's too premature to be panicked about it and said that if the government comes out with a solution, it will actually allow the assets to keep operating.
"Right now, one has to feel comforted about the fact that there is a clear intent to not disrupt the process and there is a clear intent to say mines should work and within a period a solution should be found and we hope for that," Ms Kochhar said.
Last Wednesday, the Supreme Court de-allocated as many as 214 coal blocks allocated since 1993. Of which, 46 were operational for many years and 40 are about to be commissioned. It had spared only 4 blocks.
The court also imposed a levy of Rs 295 per tonne of coal extracted till now by all cancelled licensees which has to be paid by December 31 2014. The coal extracted between January 1, 2015 and March 31, 2015 will also attract a levy of Rs 295 per tonne.
Ms Bhattacharya said the groups may not be asked to shell out the entire surcharge at one go.
"Surely, the government is well aware that this is going to stress out the groups so they will also look at a solution where by it has to be given over a period of time," she said.
On the exposure of banking industry towards the affected coal blocks, Ms Bhattacharya said it would be very difficult to assess it now.
"It is not only the question of the allocated mines, it is also a question about how many of them are actually using that coal. Many of them may have mines allocated but still not in production and they are using e-auction coal or imported coal. So at the most what will happen is Rs 30-40 crore which they have put in mines will go away. It is very difficult to give a certain number," the SBI chief added.
To a query over whether there is a need for flexibility from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), she said there is no need for additional flexibility.
"Flexibility is already there in the system. We can still restructure accounts and keep them standard if they are standard."
Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu had on Monday said, "Some impact may be there, and what exactly it will be is being assessed. The banks will be talking to RBI so that they are given some kind of flexibility in restructuring those accounts...efforts will be made to avoid these accounts from becoming NPAs."
When asked about the loan waiver in Andhra Pradesh and Telangna, Ms Bhattacharya said that in Telagana, she expects things to start getting rectified but in Andhra, there is still uncertainty on how things will pan out.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 21:49 (IST)

 US Nod to Build LNG Plant to Ship Fuel to IndiaYou are here: Home Economy
US Nod to Build LNG Plant to Ship Fuel to India
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 02:52 (IST)
Measures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
Washington: Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's meeting with US President Barack Obama, America has approved construction of a liquefied natural gas (LNG) project that will ship the fuel to India.
US regulators gave the final approval on Monday for Dominion Resources to build the East Coast's first natural gas liquefaction plant at its Cove Point site on the Chesapeake Bay.
State-owned gas utility GAIL India Ltd has taken 40 per cent of the project's capacity to liquefy 5.75 million tonnes a year of natural gas for export in ships. The $3.8-billion project is likely to be completed in June 2017.
The US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) issued the permit for the Cove Point terminal in Maryland, Dominion Resources said in a statement.
"We are pleased to receive this final approval that allows us to start constructing this important project that offers significant economic, environmental and geopolitical benefits," Dominion Energy president Diane Leopold said.     
PM Modi on the last leg of his five-day US visit will meet Mr Obama in Washington to reinvigorate an economic relationship between the two nations.
The US Energy Department has approved Cove Point's exports to both free-trade and non-free trade agreement countries, according to FERC's statement.
India does not have a free-trade deal with the US. LNG exports from US are allowed only to countries with which Washington has a free-trade agreement. Some terminals like Cove Point have however been exempted from this condition.
GAIL in April last year signed an agreement with Dominion for booking 2.3 million tonnes per annum liquefaction capacity in the Cove Point LNG liquefaction terminal project located at Lusby in the state of Maryland.
Cove Point would be the nearest export terminal to the Marcellus Shale, the most productive US natural gas deposit.
Under the agreement with Dominion, GAIL will procure its own natural gas and deliver it to the Cove Point pipeline for liquefaction at the terminal and loading into ships brought to the facility on the Chesapeake Bay.
GAIL already holds a 20 per cent stake in Carrizo's Eagle Ford Shale acreage. It also has a deal with Cheniere Energy Partners to buy 3.5 million tonnes per annum of LNG from Sabine Pass Liquefaction, a subsidiary of Cheniere, from 2017-18.
Dominion's waterfront site, about 96-km, southeast of Washington, has already imported liquefied natural gas and requires minimal construction for beginning exports, Dominion said in the statement.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 20:02 (IST)

Stocks:  September slump  strikes againStocks: 'September slump' strikes again
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong September 30, 2014: 5:59 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
If you are one of the 50% of Americans who have money in the stock market, you probably wanted to reach for Benadryl at some point this month.
The "September stock slump" came back with a vengeance in 2014. The S&P 500 finished the month down over 1.5%, its worst performance since January. The Nasdaq -- the main gauge of tech and biotech stocks -- lost 1.9%. Even the Dow , the index that tracks America's large and well established companies, ended slightly in the red, down 0.3%.
How did things unravel?
It's a valid question to ask. There was so much excitement in September, what with Alibaba ( BABA , Tech30 ) becoming the largest initial public offering in history , and the S&P 500 and Dow actually setting records. Then things turned sour.
Starting on Monday, September 22, investors hit the pause button and kept hitting it for much of the rest of the month. There were concerns again about how fast the Federal Reserve would raise interest rates. Would it move before next summer when most people expect it to take action? Fed chair Janet Yellen tried to soothe the markets, but the second guessing is back.
Related: Thank Janet Yellen or not?
Traders were also alarmed by a so-called " death cross " among small and mid-cap stocks that make up the Russell 2000 index. That's a technical term for when the 50-day moving average for an index falls below the 200-day average. In other words, the trend is down.
There's a clear polarization emerging again in the market where larger, more established companies are going strong and smaller, riskier ones are faltering. It was an excellent month for companies such as Nike ( NKE ) (up 13.5%), DuPont ( DD ) (up 8.6%) and Clorox ( CLX ) (up 8.4%).
So was September just a blip in an otherwise upward trend or is this a turning point? It depends on your perspective.
The pessimist's case: The bears of the investment world see stocks that are expensive and a market overdue for a correction. This is already the fourth longest bull market since 1928 , according to Bespoke Investment Group, and we haven't had a true correction where the market dips 10% or more since 2011.
"We've had one record after another on the Dow and the S&P and yet the underlying economic and geopolitical fundamentals are still worrisome," well known investor Mohamed El-Erian told CNN last week .
Layer on top of that concerns about the Federal Reserve raising interest rates, a flat-lining European economy and ongoing strife in many parts of the world from Ukraine to the places ISIS is terrorizing in the Middle East. Furthermore, there's a case to be made that many companies have been boosting their bottom lines by cost cuts, not genuine growth and innovation for the future.
Related: Is it time for Wall Street to issue a correction?
The optimist's case: Most investment strategists that CNNMoney hears from are sticking with U.S. stocks. They believe the slow, but steady growth will continue. Consider this: despite the lackluster September, the S&P 500 is still up 6.7% for the year.
Optimists see an economy that is getting gradually better with manufacturing and employment picking up, among other positive signs. For example, FedEx ( FDX ) was one of the best performing stocks in September. The company is often seen as a beacon of corporate health.
They also see companies with a lot of cash. Even if there are headwinds, they're a lot easier to deal with when you have a rainy day fund. Corporate cash and short-term investments (some companies temporarily invest their cash to get a little extra bang for their buck) are near all-time highs, according to FactSet.
"We don't go into bear markets because stocks are too expensive. Typically, it's because of a policy error by the Fed or government," reminds Robert Landry, a fund manager for USAA.
The market always has bumps in the road, even during a bull run.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 5:22 PM ET
Most Popular

I HEREBY DECLARE: Naina Chautala of INLD discloses her assetsPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 12:26 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 12:33 pm
Naina Chautala of the INLD, wife of Ajay Chautala who is serving a 10-year jail term, filed her nomination and disclosed her assets on Wednesday.
 

http://usat.ly/1ppBUJ3FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ford says next HD pickups are aluminum, too
Ford Motor disclosed in a conference call with investment analysts that the next-generation heavy-duty pickups will be aluminum-intensive, like the 2015 F-150 standard duty about to go on sale. Raj Nair,
Post to Facebook
Ford says next HD pickups are aluminum, too Ford Motor disclosed in a conference call with investment analysts that the next-generation heavy-duty pickups will be aluminum-intensive, like the 2015 F-150 standard duty about to go on sale. Raj Nair, Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YHaBmz
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ford says next HD pickups are aluminum, too
James R. Healey , USA TODAY 4:42 p.m. EDT September 29, 2014
Ford product chief tells Wall Street that next-gen Super Duty pickups to get aluminum bodies like 2015 F-150 standard duty.
(Photo: Sam VarnHagen, Ford Motor)
12 CONNECT 20 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Ford Motor disclosed in a conference call with investment analysts that the next-generation heavy-duty pickups will be aluminum-intensive, like the 2015 F-150 standard duty about to go on sale.
Raj Nair, Ford's global product boss, said in a call with analysts Monday that the automaker will "leverage the aluminum architecture" used on the 2015 F-150 standard duty pickup.
He gave no specifics. The Super Duty recently has been updated, so a full redesign is several years off.
Super Duty models are about one-third of all  F-series sales and tend to be high-dollar, high-profit models because they are equipped for specialty uses that demand specific features and construction.
The 2015 F-150 is a full redesign that includes an aluminum body to cut weight as much as 770 pounds.
Some of that is needed simply to match lighter-weight rivals from General Motors and Chrysler Group, but it's also enough to be a net reduction in weight. That will boost fuel economy as well as raising payload and towing ratings on most models.
No hint on what aluminum construction will do to Super Duty prices. On the F-150, aluminum construction and additional standard features result in price boosts ranging from $395 on low-level models to as much as $3,515 on top versions.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YHaBmz
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Nifty seen slipping to 7 700; a blip or new norm |  No justification for Nifty @ 8100You are here: Home > Collections
Markets likely to see further decline up to 7700; here's what experts are saying
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 01.46PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Despite recent consolidation,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged nearly 600 points, while the Nifty too faced some bit of selling pressure and plunged nearly 200 points in the past 6 trading sessions.
Both the Sensex and the Nifty slipped below their crucial psychological support levels and are now trading in a narrow range for the past couple of days. Analysts see this move as more of a consolidation or profit booking after a sharp rally (over 25% YTD) seen so far in the year 2014.
However, despite recent consolidation, analysts still see some more consolidation or mild correction in the short term, which may push the Nifty lower towards 7700 levels, before the next move can continue on the higher side.
The Nifty managed to clear the immediate resistance of 8020 earlier this week, but it remained below the next important resistance of 8040. The immediate support for the Nifty continues to remain at 7920 and any breach of 7920 would increase the likelihood of a further decline till 7840, which is the trend reversal level for the index.
"We tried to rally from the 20-day moving average. But that rally failed. That was the rally which started from 7920. Now, another rally started from 7850. That seems to be failing particularly because banks have not been able to cross even their 50-day moving average," said Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com.
"So it seems difficult for the market to move above 8000. Twice during the last week the level of 8000 has been rejected by the market on the upside," he added.
Market sentiment particularly turned negative last week after the Government of India deferred the much-awaited hike in gas price and because of coal block de-allocation etc. Now it all depends on the execution of policy reforms by the Modi government.
"We know that the intent is there. Yes, we are 100% sure that things are going to be better ahead, but a lot of time is being lost whether it was got to do with the coal issue, whether it was got to do with gas pricing," said Sanjay Dutt, Director, Quantum Securities Pvt Ltd.
"These are very small micro issues that I may be commenting on, but these are really indicative of a bigger issue, a bigger problem that the market thinks that government is not able to actually get down to doing things," he added.
We have collated various analysts' views & recommendations on the markets in the short term:
Sanjay Dutt, Director, Quantum Securities Pvt Ltd
We do not see any trigger coming in the immediate short term to make a new high above the 8140 levels on the Nifty. In fact, I see everything in the markets to take them down to 7800-7700 levels at this point of time.
If the Nifty breaches 7700 on the downside, I will try to look at the prices of individual stocks.
Of course, the individual opportunity within the midcap space and large cap space would remain.
Ashwani Gujral, Fund Manager, Ashwanigujral.com
It appears that possibly in the next few days, 7850 may again come under threat and may even get broken. The next moving average, which is the 100-day moving average right now at about 7700, may get tested in the next few days.
 
Ambareesh Baliga, Market Expert
Over the next couple of weeks, you could see the markets breaking 7850. If it is time correction, then it will be much longer. The correction could last for about three or four months, if not more, which means the markets will be in a range of possibly 400-500 points.
But I actually see a correction and if there is a correction, it is much better for the markets because you will have more participation happening at lower levels.
When I say a sharp correction, I am talking of about 7% or 8% sort of correction where at lower levels you will have much more participation. The next move up could be much stronger, sustainable and we could see much higher levels than what we saw in the recent past.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1DWmWnCRetirees: 9 easy ways to cut spending
About 71% of people, including working folks and retirees, have financial worries, a survey shows.
Post to Facebook
Retirees: 9 easy ways to cut spending About 71% of people, including working folks and retirees, have financial worries, a survey shows. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vtRaL0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
16
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Retirees: 9 easy ways to cut spending
Nanci Hellmich , USA TODAY 11:29 a.m. EDT October 5, 2014
About 71% of people, including working folks and retirees, have financial worries, a survey shows.
In a recent survey 31% said their biggest concern is not having enough savings in retirement.
(Photo: iStockphoto)
2217 CONNECT 164 TWEET 118 LINKEDIN 16 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Retirees often ask Gail Cunningham of the National Foundation for Credit Counseling how to trim their budgets so they can live on their fixed incomes.
She tells them the first step is to take a hard look at their spending and find little ways to trim back to create a savings for emergencies.
About 71% of people, including working folks and retirees, have financial worries, and 31% of them say their biggest concern is not having enough savings, according to a recent survey of 2,016 adults conducted for the credit counseling foundation, which has more than 80 member agencies and 600 locations that offer free or low-cost financial counseling.
In fact, 34% of people in the survey say they have zero non-retirement savings. That's similar to a finding from a recent survey from Bankrate.com,,which showed 26% of people have no emergency savings, which is money readily available to them in either a checking account, savings account or money market.
Many people need to create a personal budget to see how much they spend and where they spend it and then fit savings into their budget, says Thomas Nitzsche, a financial educator at ClearPoint Credit Counseling Solutions in Atlanta.
Cunningham and Nitzsche offer these nine ways to save more:
• Pay with cash. People who put their plastic away and choose to pay with cash typically spend about 20% less, yet don't feel deprived, Cunningham says. "Why? They have an increased awareness of their spending, and instead of casually spending their hard-earned money, they become more contemplative and as a result, spend less."
• Tracking spending. This is something people strongly resist doing, probably because once they see their spending staring back at them in black and white they'll be forced to change their ways, Cunningham says. "However, it's the only way a person can truly see where their money is going and plug the leaks."
• Try the $10 by 10 equals $100 plan. People usually have multiple discretionary spending categories, some of which have fixed payments. However, it's easy to shave $10 off of 10 spending categories such as food, utilities, clothing, miscellaneous, gas, she says. "Voila – you have an extra $100 and you felt no pain."
• Pocket the savings from items bought on sale. "Everyone feels like a savvy shopper when they score a good deal by buying something on sale," she says. "To actually realize the savings - 'show me the money' by putting the amount saved into your savings account. Now that's a real saving."
• Ask for discounts. Whether you are a senior, military or member of AAA, AARP or the Farm Bureau, use that to your advantage and ask if there is a discount offered at restaurants, hotels or for house or auto repair services, Nitzsche says. The money you save can be tucked into your savings.
• Trim your food costs. Eating out frequently is a huge budget-buster for many people, he says. If you want to eat out, be smart about it. Use sites like restaurant.com and groupon.com to help reduce the cost. Many restaurants have bargain days or happy hours when the prices are better, and a lot of chain restaurants have coupons on their websites or they offer deals through social media.
• Cut your rent. Try renting a room in someone else's home instead of renting a more expensive apartment or home, Nitzsche says. There are many homeowners anxious to save money by sharing, and you may gain a new friend, he says. This can be especially good for people who don't want to sign a lease, he says. "I currently rent a fully furnished carriage house in one of the best areas of Atlanta for $600 a month, including all utilities and cable. It's a really nice home in a very nice neighborhood."
• Shop for the best price for home repairs and other services. "Always get at least three bids and make sure the company you request a bid from is in good standing with the Better Business Bureau, or you can end up paying dearly," Nitzsche says. Also check for coupons on the company's website as well as third party sites such as Groupon and Angieslist.com.
• Bargain hunt for travel deals. Check out www.biddingfortravel.com and learn how to strategically bid using Priceline.com's Name Your Own Price feature, Nitzsche says. It is a really good way to save a lot of money on your travel budget. "I have stayed at four-star hotels in major cities for as little as $50. The same applies to cars, which I have rented for as little as $9 a day and flights, if you can be flexible on travel time and connections."

Amazon  Disney appear close to settling dispute over movies: Report3
2
Amazon.com appears to be close to settling a nearly two-month dispute with Walt Disney Co during which Amazon stopped offering Disney DVDs for preorder, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday.
Upcoming Disney DVD releases including "Guardians," "Maleficent," "Million Dollar Arm," "Planes: Fire and Rescue" and "The 100-Foot Journey" were back on Amazon last week, the WSJ said, citing a person with knowledge about the issue.
Pricing, promotion on the Amazon website, and questions over which company makes up the difference when Amazon loses money to match the prices of competitors were the issues at stake, the WSJ reported.
It is unclear whether the two companies are finalizing a new long-term deal or have simply progressed far enough that Amazon was willing to make a concession.
It is unclear whether the two companies are finalizing a new long-term deal or have simply progressed far enough that Amazon was willing to make a concession.
Amazon.com was not immediately available for comment after regular business hours.
0

Re @ day s low of 61.95; lowest since March 4Indian rupee weakens to lowest since March 4
By Reuters | 1 Oct, 2014, 09.56AM IST
The pair was last traded at 61.92, weaker than its 61.7450/61.7550 close on Tuesday.
ET SPECIAL:
MUMBAI: The Indian rupee fell as low as 61.95 per dollar on Wednesday, its weakest level since March 4, as traders unwound positions ahead of holidays and at a time when the greenback is gaining globally.
The pair was last traded at 61.92, weaker than its 61.7450/61.7550 close on Tuesday.
Markets will be closed from Thursday to Monday due to festivals.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow
READ MORE ON » markets

Vasundhara Raje to send printed message to parents on birth of girlchildPress Trust of India | Jaipur | Posted: October 1, 2014 3:03 pm
With an aim to encourage parents on the birth of a girl child, Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje has decided to send a printed message to them, congratulating on the birth of a girl in the state.
The message was released by Raje at her official residence here which will be given in a printed form to the parents of girl child born in division level government hospitals from October 11.
The arrangement will be made in other hospitals from Children’s Day on November 14.
Raje on the occasion said that girls are not behind in any field and they should be given a good atmosphere so that they can show and develop their talent.
Health Minister Rajendra Rathore, brand ambassador of “Save the Girl Child” in the state Diya Kumari and senior officers were present at the launch, a release said.

PM Modi announces ex-gratia for train mishapvictimsPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 2:55 pm
Expressing grief at the loss of lives in the train collision in eastern Uttar Pradesh, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday announced an ex-gratia payment of Rs 2 lakh each to the next of kin of those killed in the accident.
“The Prime Minister has expressed condolences to the families of those who lost their lives or were grievously injured in the Krishak Express-Barauni Express train collision near Gorakhpur district,” an official statement said.
It said the PM has sanctioned an ex-gratia of Rs 2 lakh each to the next of kin of the deceased and Rs 50,000 each to the seriously injured from the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has also announced financial assistance for those killed and injured.
At least 12 persons were killed and 45 injured when a speeding passenger train allegedly jumped signal and collided with another train which was taking a turn on a loop line last night.
The Maduadeeh-Lucknow Krishak Express hit Barauni bound express train from Lucknow from the side while it was on the loop line at Nandanagar railway crossing, about seven km from Gorakhpur.

Ram Vilas Paswan not happy with cleanliness status in Food MinistryPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 3:18 pm
Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan, who made a surprise visit to various areas of his ministry on Wednesday expressed unhappiness over status of cleanliness in some rooms, loose wires hanging in corridors and poor upkeep of library books.
“He visited various sections, library, canteen and toilets. The Minister expressed unhappiness over the status of cleanliness in some of the rooms, loose wires in corridors and upkeep of books in library,” an official statement said.
He himself picked up waste papers lying here and there and threw them in dustbin. He also ordered renovation of library and speeding up of weeding of old records, it said.
During the checks, Paswan interacted with groups of officials, highlighting the importance of hygiene and cleanliness.
The Minister said that “Swachh Bharat Mission” initiated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi is an opportunity for “all of us” to contribute in the mission of cleanliness.
He asked the officials to ensure voluntary service at least two hours every week to keep his or her surroundings clean. After the inspecting the kitchen of the canteen, Paswan also took lunch with officials, the statement added.

Sensex down  forget it! 10 stocks that could give upto 100% returnsYou are here: Home > Collections
Forget Sensex, top 10 stocks which can give up to 100% return in next 12 months
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 03.18PM IST
Tags:
advertising
(Even though short-term…)
NEW DELHI: After a smart rally seen so far in the year 2014 (up 25% YTD), the weakness in the benchmark index can be best described as consolidation. But analysts still want to remain cautious and are not ruling out a scenario in which the markets may see some more profit booking in the next couple of weeks.
The S&P BSE Sensex has plunged nearly 600 points, while the Nifty too faced some bit of selling pressure and plunged nearly 200 points in the past 6 trading sessions.
Even though the short-term trend remains bearish, analysts advise investors with a long-term view to accumulate quality stocks at lower levels as the markets still have more upside in the next couple of years.
"Clearly, we have been maintaining our cautious stance for some time now. The macro and micro conditions have not really changed as far as the Indian domestic scene is concerned. The result season will soon start," said Mayuresh Joshi, VP, Institution, Angel Broking.
The corporate earnings are expected to remain subdued, say analysts. The data as we have been seeing through the RBI policy notes indicates that inflation is going to be sticky. The GDP, IIP data is going to have a long and slow recovery process, they say.
"So, overall domestically at least there are very few triggers even in terms of reform processes except the oil and gas reforms. If they come through in the coming month, nothing really seems to be coming through at least over the next few months," added Joshi.
From valuation perspective also, we are trading close to long-term averages. The only respite for India probably is that from an FII perspective, most emerging markets are fairly valued - Indonesia, Thailand, and Malaysia except China, Brazil and Russia, which have their own sweet problems.
Right now, the market is trading at almost about 15-16 per cent premium to its long-term average multiple. And, if we compare it with the number last year - market was trading at a 12% or 13% discount to its long-term average.
Joshi is of the view that apart from geopolitical tensions, domestic factors back home would keep the markets more or less in a range, but in the absence of triggers, the markets will find it very difficult to cross the 8200-8250 mark on the higher side. Therefore, the specifics would be rather a stock-related approach rather than playing on the markets at least from a short to medium-term perspective.
Both the Sensex and the Nifty slipped below their crucial psychological support levels last week and are now trading in a narrow range for the past couple of days. Analysts see this move as more of a consolidation or profit booking after a sharp rally (over 25% YTD) seen so far in the year 2014.
Even though the economy has bottomed out, it will take some time for all engines to fire. Investors should now look at markets with an investment horizon of 3-5 years.
"Investors need to look at this market from a long-term perspective. Do not look at it from a short-term perspective and certainly, do not be guided by the returns of the last 12 months," said Vetri Subramaniam, Chief Investment Officer, Religare Invesco Mutual Fund .
"So, our only recommendation to investors at this time is that rather than getting trapped into this thing about where the correction will come, continue to invest in the market in small instalments using SIPs," he added.
We have collated a list of ten stocks which can deliver up to 100% return in the next 12 months:
Radico Khaitan: Target price set at Rs 165
IndiaNivest, which has a 'buy' rating on the stock, expects the stock to rally to Rs 165 in the next 12 months. Radico Khaitan's Q1 2014-15 net profit was down by 26% compared to the corresponding period of last year. However, the management's premiumisation drive is yielding results and its core brands, such as Magic Moments and Morpheus, are reaching new highs.
The recent fall in prices has also brought down its valuations to reasonable levels. Radico Khaitan has reportedly been in talks with global liquor majors to sell a small stake of its IMFL business and, any announcement on that front, can be a major trigger for the stock.
SKF India: Target price set at Rs 1324
ICICI Direct initiates a 'buy' recommendation on the stock with a target price of Rs 1324. A healthy balance sheet, robust cash flow, strong parentage and product profile, strong distribution network and the recovery in the end-user industry should benefit SKF India .
India Cements Ltd: Target price set at Rs 165
Nirmal Bang retains a 'buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 165. The company's plans to dissociate itself from Chennai Super Kings and turn it into a wholly-owned subsidiary in an attempt to monetise this asset to lower its debt burden bodes well.
Mangalam Cements Ltd: Target price set at Rs 337

Sensex Edges Lower; Oil and Gas Stocks FallYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Edges Lower; Oil and Gas Stocks Fall
Reuters | Updated On: October 01, 2014 14:02 (IST)
Lupin Gains on Hopes of Hike in Foreign Investment Limit
The BSE Sensex and the broader Nifty edged lower on Wednesday with oil and gas explorers falling, tracking lower crude oil prices.
The benchmark BSE Sensex was down 0.23 per cent while the 50-share Nifty fell 0.2 per cent as of 1:45 p.m.
Brent crude oil dropped to two-year lows but rose above $95 on relief over China's PMI.
Traders were also awaiting government decision on raising gas prices by November 15.
Reliance Industries Ltd was down 1.5 per cent, Oil and Natural Gas Corp dipped 1.3 per cent while Shares in GAIL (India) fell 2.4 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex  Nifty rangebound; FMCG  oil  banks downOct 01, 2014, 04.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends below 7950; IT surges, Hero up, Maruti falls 3%
Wipro, Infosys, M&M, TCS and Hero were top gainers. On the losing side were Maruti, Tata Steel, GAIL, Tata Power and Reliance.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends below 7950; IT surges, Hero up, Maruti falls 3%
Wipro, Infosys, M&M, TCS and Hero were top gainers. On the losing side were Maruti, Tata Steel, GAIL, Tata Power and Reliance.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market closing
The market ended a dull day of trade on a flat note. The Nifty ended tad below 7950 down 19.25 points at 7945.55 while the Sensex slipped 62.52 points at 26567.99. Oil & gas and FMCG stocks were beaten down while IT stocks gained on dollar strength.
Wipro, Infosys, M&M, TCS and Hero were top gainers. On the losing side were Maruti, Tata Steel, GAIL, Tata Power and Reliance.
03:00pm Market Check
The Sensex declined 52.90 points to 26577.61 and the Nifty fell 15.35 points to 7949.45.
About 1220 shares have advanced, 1604 shares declined, and 107 shares are unchanged.
02:45pm Minda Industries in focus
Minda signed a joint venture agreement with Panasonic Corporation, Japan to manufacture and supply of lead acid storage batteries for two wheelers, four wheelers and for other industrial batteries. The proposed plant of the joint venture company will be located at Pant Nagar, Uttrakhand.
The shareholding of Panasonic Corporation and Minda Industries in the said joint venture is in the ratio of 60:40, said the company.
The cost of the project will be around Rs 160 crore. The commercial production of the 4W batteries is planned for June, 2015. It is stated that the production capacity of this joint venture company is expected to be two million batteries by 2018.
02:30pm IVRCL in News
IVRCL shares rallied 8 percent as a media report suggested that the company is going to sell Rs 4,000 crore worth of assets.
While clarifying the assets sale, the company said as part of strategic business plan to monetize BOT assets, it proposed to divest its stake in certain road projects and water projects. The same has been mentioned in press release dated April 01, 2013 under copy to stock exchanges. Therefore, the news is already in public domain.
Further, as per the CDR package, the company is required to monetize certain assets and the above point has been clarified to the shareholder in the AGM held on September 26, 2014 to his query, it added.
02:00pm Market Check
The market remained directionless with the Nifty holding 7950. Oil & gas, FMCG, banking and financials, and metals stocks declined while technology and auto stocks gained.
The 30-share BSE Sensex slipped 12.27 points to 26618.24 and the Nifty dropped 3.30 points to 7961.50. About 1259 shares have advanced, 1485 shares declined, and 114 shares are unchanged.
Individual stocks have been correcting of late but Nifty has not witnessed appropriate correction due to extended support by the defensives. Deven Choksey, Managing Director of KR Choksey Shares and Securities feels this could be a strategy to bring a much-needed headroom into some stocks.
If Nifty remains in an adjustment band of 7900-8200, he is confident of investors buying into corrected stocks from a long-term perspective.
Shares of ITC, Reliance Industries, ONGC, Maruti Suzuki, HUL, Tata Steel, Gail India and Tata Power were down 1-2.5 percent while Infosys, TCS, Wipro, Hero Motocorp and Coal India gained 1-3 percent.
In the midcap space, Relaxo Footwear, Berger Paints, Cyient, Bata India and Kaveri Seed shot up 5-9 percent while Trinity Trade, PTC India, Rajesh Exports, BF Utilities and Manappuram Finance lost 3-5 percent.
Among smallcaps, Visagar Polytex, Oscar Investment, Balrampur Chini, Minda Industries and Can Fin Homes surged 7-10 percent whereas KGN Enterprises, Wim Plast, Swadeshi Industries, KDJ Holidayscap and JMT Auto slipped 5-8 percent.
13:13

Mallya gets shareholders  nod to continue as USL chairmanOct 01, 2014, 03.04 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Mallya gets shareholders' nod to continue as USL chairman
Diageo said other members of USL board -- Paul Walsh, Ravi Rajagopal and PA Murali would continue in their respective positions.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mallya gets shareholders' nod to continue as USL chairman
Diageo said other members of USL board -- Paul Walsh, Ravi Rajagopal and PA Murali would continue in their respective positions.
Post your opinion here
 
Liquor baron Vijay Mallya has been re-elected as non-executive director and chairman of United Spirits  at the annual general meeting of the liquor major.
Following a reduction in its shareholding in USL, United Breweries (Holdings)  Ltd (UBHL), promoted by Mallya, is no longer entitled to recommend an independent director to the USL board, global spirits major Diageo said in a statement.
Also Read: Open offer of Zuari, Deepak 'fair & reasonable': MCFL IDC
"The composition of the USL board following the annual general meeting reflects this change," it said. At the AGM of USL held yesterday in Bangalore, Diageo said shareholders of USL approved appointments of CEO Anand Kripalu as a director and Sudhakar Rao, D Sivanandhan and Indu Shahani as independent non-executive directors apart from Mallya's re-appointment.
Diageo said other members of USL board -- Paul Walsh (non-executive director nominated by Diageo), Ravi Rajagopal (non-executive director nominated by Diageo) and P A Murali (CFO and Diageo-nominated director) -- would continue in their respective positions.
UBHL remains entitled under the shareholders agreement to nominate one director to the USL board subject to it continuing to hold at least 1,307,950 shares in USL and Mallya continuing to control UBHL, it said.
"Diageo's contractual obligations to support Mallya continuing as non-executive director and chairman of USL are subject to these conditions as well as the absence of certain defaults by UBHL or Mallya," the statement said.
Mallya remains UBHL's nominated director and therefore, in accordance with the terms of the Shareholders Agreement, Diageo voted in favour of the resolution at the USL AGM to re-appoint Mallya as a director of USL, it said.
Diageo is the majority shareholder in USL with 54.78 percent interest and continues to be entitled under the shareholders' agreement to appoint its nominees to the roles of CEO and CFO of USL, as well as to nominate and recommend directors to the USL board, subject to overall composition of the USL board meeting the applicable requirements of Indian law and regulation, the spirits major said.
The world's largest spirits maker Diageo had on November 9, 2012 announced that it would acquire 53.4 percent stake in United Spirits for Rs 11,166.5 crore in a multi-structured deal.
United Spirits stock price
On November 24, 2014, at  10:54 hrs United Spirits was quoting at Rs 2710.00, up Rs 6.30, or 0.23 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2940.55 and the 52-week low was Rs 2226.00.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 262.47 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 10.32.
RELATED NEWS

Prime Property: Lodha s London gameplanLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prime Property: Lodha's London gameplan
Mumbai based Lodha group will invest a jaw-dropping USD 5 billion in Central London over the next few years. Lodha meanwhile roped in one of London’s most famous interior designers for its newest launch in Mumbai. Manasvi Ghelani spoke with Abhishek Lodha, MD of Lodha Group.
Post your opinion here
Prime Property
Mumbai based Lodha group will invest a jaw-dropping USD 5 billion in Central London over the next few years. Lodha meanwhile roped in one of London’s most famous interior designers for its newest launch in Mumbai. Manasvi Ghelani spoke with Abhishek Lodha, MD of Lodha Group.
RELATED NEWS

Nifty holds 7950 amid consolidation; FMCG  oil  banks downOct 01, 2014, 04.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends below 7950; IT surges, Hero up, Maruti falls 3%
Wipro, Infosys, M&M, TCS and Hero were top gainers. On the losing side were Maruti, Tata Steel, GAIL, Tata Power and Reliance.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends below 7950; IT surges, Hero up, Maruti falls 3%
Wipro, Infosys, M&M, TCS and Hero were top gainers. On the losing side were Maruti, Tata Steel, GAIL, Tata Power and Reliance.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market closing
The market ended a dull day of trade on a flat note. The Nifty ended tad below 7950 down 19.25 points at 7945.55 while the Sensex slipped 62.52 points at 26567.99. Oil & gas and FMCG stocks were beaten down while IT stocks gained on dollar strength.
Wipro, Infosys, M&M, TCS and Hero were top gainers. On the losing side were Maruti, Tata Steel, GAIL, Tata Power and Reliance.
03:00pm Market Check
The Sensex declined 52.90 points to 26577.61 and the Nifty fell 15.35 points to 7949.45.
About 1220 shares have advanced, 1604 shares declined, and 107 shares are unchanged.
02:45pm Minda Industries in focus
Minda signed a joint venture agreement with Panasonic Corporation, Japan to manufacture and supply of lead acid storage batteries for two wheelers, four wheelers and for other industrial batteries. The proposed plant of the joint venture company will be located at Pant Nagar, Uttrakhand.
The shareholding of Panasonic Corporation and Minda Industries in the said joint venture is in the ratio of 60:40, said the company.
The cost of the project will be around Rs 160 crore. The commercial production of the 4W batteries is planned for June, 2015. It is stated that the production capacity of this joint venture company is expected to be two million batteries by 2018.
02:30pm IVRCL in News
IVRCL shares rallied 8 percent as a media report suggested that the company is going to sell Rs 4,000 crore worth of assets.
While clarifying the assets sale, the company said as part of strategic business plan to monetize BOT assets, it proposed to divest its stake in certain road projects and water projects. The same has been mentioned in press release dated April 01, 2013 under copy to stock exchanges. Therefore, the news is already in public domain.
Further, as per the CDR package, the company is required to monetize certain assets and the above point has been clarified to the shareholder in the AGM held on September 26, 2014 to his query, it added.
02:00pm Market Check
The market remained directionless with the Nifty holding 7950. Oil & gas, FMCG, banking and financials, and metals stocks declined while technology and auto stocks gained.
The 30-share BSE Sensex slipped 12.27 points to 26618.24 and the Nifty dropped 3.30 points to 7961.50. About 1259 shares have advanced, 1485 shares declined, and 114 shares are unchanged.
Individual stocks have been correcting of late but Nifty has not witnessed appropriate correction due to extended support by the defensives. Deven Choksey, Managing Director of KR Choksey Shares and Securities feels this could be a strategy to bring a much-needed headroom into some stocks.
If Nifty remains in an adjustment band of 7900-8200, he is confident of investors buying into corrected stocks from a long-term perspective.
Shares of ITC, Reliance Industries, ONGC, Maruti Suzuki, HUL, Tata Steel, Gail India and Tata Power were down 1-2.5 percent while Infosys, TCS, Wipro, Hero Motocorp and Coal India gained 1-3 percent.
In the midcap space, Relaxo Footwear, Berger Paints, Cyient, Bata India and Kaveri Seed shot up 5-9 percent while Trinity Trade, PTC India, Rajesh Exports, BF Utilities and Manappuram Finance lost 3-5 percent.
Among smallcaps, Visagar Polytex, Oscar Investment, Balrampur Chini, Minda Industries and Can Fin Homes surged 7-10 percent whereas KGN Enterprises, Wim Plast, Swadeshi Industries, KDJ Holidayscap and JMT Auto slipped 5-8 percent.
13:13

HOV Services spikes 20%  co to sell stake in SourceHOVOct 01, 2014, 02.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HOV Services spikes 20%, co to sell stake in SourceHOV
HOV Services operates as a hybrid between investment and diversified services corporation while SourceHOV is a global provider of business process solutions, strategic consulting and data analytics services to various industries.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HOV Services spikes 20%, co to sell stake in SourceHOV
HOV Services operates as a hybrid between investment and diversified services corporation while SourceHOV is a global provider of business process solutions, strategic consulting and data analytics services to various industries.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors lapped up more shares of  HOV Services on Wednesday after the board of directors approved sale of its entire investment in SourceHOV. The stock is locked at 20 percent upper circuit at Rs 152.55 on the Bombay Stock Exchange and there were pending buy orders of 123,886 shares, with no sellers available. It surged 62 percent in four consecutive sessions from last Friday.
HOV Services operates as a hybrid between investment and diversified services corporation while SourceHOV is a global provider of business process solutions, strategic consulting and data analytics services to various industries.
The board of directors of the company on Tuesday decided to sell company's entire investment in SourceHOV through its US-based wholly owned subsidiary HOVS LLC to promoters, affiliate/related parties and other potential buyers.
The board also approved merger of SourceHOV and BancTec; and notice of postal ballot for the purpose of seeking shareholders' approval for sale of stake and merger.
HOV Services through its wholly owned direct subsidiary HOVS LLC (a Nevada-based limited liability company in USA) holds a 26.1 percent stake in SourceHOV Holdings Inc, a Delaware-based corporation in USA.
The value of shares proposed to be sold to the potential buyers by HOVS LLC accounts for more than 20 percent of HOV Services assets. The current market capitalisation of HOV Services stands at Rs 190.86 crore.
The company said it has received an offer for purchase of its stake in SourceHOV from US-based HandsOn Fund 4 LLC (HOF4), where the ultimate beneficial owners are from among persons who are promoters of the company.
"The proposed sale transaction for purchase of entire investment for USD 95 million by HOF4, will be contracted and consummated at the same valuation as provided to other major shareholder," it added.
Once the sale transaction gets consummated, the board will monitor the use of sale proceeds, including considering dividend and new investments to grow the current business.
Apart from and post the sale transaction, BancTec Group LLC has entered into an agreement to merge its wholly owned subsidiary BancTec Group Corporation, with SourceHOV (a subsidiary of SourceHOV Holdings Inc). According to the valuation report, the exchange of one share of BancTec for 1.0967 shares of SourceHOV in this merger is fair, said the company.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

PMK criticises protest against Jaya jailing  says it will destroy democracyOct 01, 2014 at 01:15pm IST
PMK criticises protest against Jaya jailing, says it will destroy democracy
6
0
Chennai: PMK chief Ramadoss has issued a statement regarding the ongoing protests in Tamil Nadu against former chief minister J Jayalalithaa's conviction. He said that the people should respect judiciary and expressed concern over the assault on judiciary.
He said that it raises questions on the future of democracy in the state. He said, "Jayalalithaa has gone to jail because of corruption and not because of protesting for Sri Lankan Tamils or fishermen issue etc. There is an attempt to portray that Jaya is innocent and the entire verdict against her is a conspiracy. If such activities are allowed, then it will set a bad precedent. It will also result in a situation where protests will be organised against judiciary and the judges."
Ramadoss has urged the media to expose this issue.'
Ramadoss said that the people should respect judiciary and expressed concern over the assault on judiciary.
#jayalalithaa #tamil nadu #disproportionate assets case #pmk
Stone-pelting and torching of public property, attacks on mediapersons and forceful closure of shops had erupted across Tamil Nadu as mobs reacted to the sentencing of Jaya to four years imprisonment by a special court in Bangalore in a graft case.
0

Maharashtra elections: Will BSP benefit from the Athawale-BJP alliance28
0
Mumbai: It seems the decision taken by the RPI (A) chief and MP Ramdas Athwale to go with the BJP for the sake of power has not gone down well with the Dalit communities across Maharashtra. Arjun Dangale, a close aide of Ramdas Athawale declared that he will align with the Shiv Sena by forming a different group, in an effort to unite 'Shiv Shakti' and 'Bhim Shakti'.
He alleged that Athawale was forced by the BJP to take this decision for mere seven seats in the assembly elections. However, Athawale claims that his decision is aimed at promoting the RPI at the national level and to help the Dalits sharing the power with the BJP.
Gangadhar Pantavane, renowned Dalit thinker and an architect of 'Asmitadarsh' Dalit literacy magazine who was the 'political guru' of Ramdas Athavale for a long time said that Athawale was carried away by the promises made by the forces which were not acceptable to Ambedkari forces.
Athawale claims that his decision is aimed at promoting the RPI at the national level and to help the Dalits sharing the power with the BJP.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra #bsp #shiv sens
In fact, Athawale gained the full confidence of Sena supremo, Balasaheb Thackeray who wanted the union of Bhim Sena and Shiv Sena after the defeat of Athawale from Shirdi Lok Sabha constituency in 2009 parliamentary elections.
However, after the death of Balasaheb, Ramdas was not given the same respect by Uddhav and even kept out of many meetings. It prompted Athawale to join the BJP with the assurance of a Cabinet berth at the Centre and 10 per cent power sharing in the state.
However, Dr. Pantavane expressed his concerns over the fact that the BJP may renege from the assurance they have given to Athawale. He further added that the situation is a mirage and in case the BJP backs out, he (Athawale) will face political isolation.
Dr. Rushikesh Kamble, renowned Dalit critic said that most of the Dalits disapproved the move made by Ramdas Athawale as there was an expectation that the electoral pact would be with the Shiv Sena as it was promised to Balasaheb Thackeray that the union of Bhimshakti-Shivshakti would happen.
On the other hand, the Dalits are also disillusioned with Congress for exploiting them as a vote bank. Keeping these things in mind, Kamble opined that this situation will turn out to be beneficial for the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) if there are no other alternatives. A further fragmentation of Dalit votes seems inevitable with the RPI leaders like Arjun Dangale and Kakasaheb Khambalkar planning to collaborate with Shiv Sena and NCP respectively.
It is important to note that Dalit voters were attracted towards the BSP in 2009 Lok Sabha elections as the BSP was polled more than one lakh votes in Gadchiroli, Nagpur, Hingoli, Chimur and Nanded Loksabha constituencies. Dalit vote bank is big in Maharashtra, whose number is only next to the Maratha, the ruling upper caste in the State. The role of Dalit votes is decisive as it is 22 per cent in 33 Assembly constituencies in Vidarbha and 10 per cent in 11 constituencies in the Marathwada region.
Especially, there can be a big impact of Dalit votes in Akola, Latur, Nanded, Washim, Buldana, Nagpur, Amaravati, Osmanabad, Chandrapur, Hingoli, Solapur, Aurangabad, Wardha, Jalna, Beed, Parbhani, Gondia, Ahmednagar, Pune and Mumbai.
However, the RPI (Athawale) group received merely 0.85 per cent votes in 2009 assembly elections and 0.6 per cent in the recent parliamentary elections. Although, both the BJP and the Shiv Sena having a sound knowledge of the fact that the RPI is losing its ground, are engaged in dragging Athawale only with the intention of influencing the voters.
Ramdas Athawale is credited with changing the stereotype of Dalit vote bank patterns. It may be recalled that Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar carved out the Republican Party of India (RPI) through his organization of Scheduled Castes Federation.
But after his death on October 30, 1957, the party faced constant bickering over the leadership leading to the party splitting into at least different 50 groups. Late Namdeo Dhasal, Gangdhar Gade, Jogendra Kawade, RS Gawai, Prakash Ambedkar and Ramdas Athawale received their share in the power politics, but could not get more than one seat in the state Assembly.
It is also interesting to note that another leader of the RPI (Panther group) Gangadhar Gade recently made ties with Akbaruddin Owaisi of All India Majlis-e-Ittehad-ul Muslimeen (AIMIM) for the state assembly elections.
(Sanjeev Unhale is former executive editor of a leading Marathi daily Lokmat, Aurangabad. He is writing for ibnlive on Maharashtra assembly election)
15

Medal to mark 100 years of Mahatma Gandhi s journey from Africa to IndiaOct 01, 2014 at  02:21pm IST
Medal to mark 100 years of Mahatma Gandhi's journey from Africa to India
7
1
Kolkata: Commemorating the completion of 100 years of Gandhi's historic journey from South Africa to India to take part in India's freedom struggle, a numismatic dealer here has come up with a limited edition medal on him.
To be made available from tomorrow on the occasion of Gandhi's birthday, the "Route to India" medal shows the route followed by him in 1914 on a world map with coloured pictures of young and old Gandhi in sepia tones.
The reverse of the medal has date-wise movements of Gandhi with details of ships he had used inscribed along with one of his famous quotes and his signature, said numismatic dealer Alok Goyal who has brought out these medals.
The "Route to India" medal shows the route followed by him in 1914 on a world map with coloured pictures of young and old Gandhi in sepia tones.
#mahatma gandhi #africa #india #medal
After a successful campaign against racism in South Africa, Gandhi left the country on July 14, 1914 to come back to India to help the freedom fighting movement.
Made of base metal and plated with silver, the medals in an air-tight acrylic capsule are a limited edition of only 500 pieces.
Goyal, who runs coins-n-coins.com, said the medal is the first one in the series of 33 medals planned to mark various events related to Gandhi and his association with eminent people like Rabindranath Tagore, Jawaharlal Nehru, and others.
"By collecting these medals, one will have details of Gandhi's life during the 33 years of his struggle for freedom," he added.
4

We are not fighting against Congress  breakup unforunate: NCP s Supriya Sule7
0
Mumbai: Supriya Sule, the daughter of NCP chief Sharad Pawar and MP said that her party wanted to save the Congress-NCP alliance in the state. Speaking to CNN-IBN she said, "we were very keen on the alliance. We wanted the Congress to decide quickly. Sharad Pawar spoke to Sonia Gandhi. I personally feel they are our natural ally. We have been very consistent. It's unfortunate that the alliance did not work."
Blaming former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for the breakup, Sule said, "it's a fact. Lot of people in Congress warned me that the CM did not want the alliance. He may be saying this in his internal meetings but not openly. What have we got to do with BJP alliance? Ajit Pawar said it in an open forum that let's fight it alone. They just sat on the decision. I don't understand what Chavan indicates. He always gives mixed signals. We have done better than the Congress in the last elections. My father Pawar was gracious to give them the CM post. This is not about the post."
She said that even the Congress realises that they were only the stable ally. "We stood by Manmohan Singh," she said.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections #congress #ncp
Explaining what went wrong she said, "for 32 days they did not negotiate with us. The doors were shut for us. No talks were possible. We are going to win the elections. But had we gone with the Congress it would have been nice. The NCP has been a responsible ally. With what face is Congress talking about scams? The leader has to lead from the front."
She hit back at Chavan saying that the Congress has internally had problems with Chavan. She said, "his own ministers had a problem. Unfortunately our relation is not the same. It's time to move on. It was not the irrigation scam. It has been debated in the assembly. People have gone to the court. Besides political vendetta, there is not much to this."
Commenting on the ticket distribution by various parties, she said, "very difficult for any government to hide anything. BJP has to make up their mind. They have taken some of our leaders who have corruption charges. Now they have changed sides and defending the same leaders."
Reacting to the old urinating in dam comment by her cousin Ajit Pawar, she said, "it is Ajit Pawar's mistake to make this comment. He has apologised. It was a very unfortunate incident."
Commenting on the Shiv Sena and MNS' anti Gujarati stand, she said, "cannot treat Maharashtrians and Gujaratis separately. They have been one. But recently Gujarat chief minister made this comment that people should leave crowded Mumbai and come to Gujarat. This is not done."
Supriya Sule made it clear that they are not fighting the Congress as they have been their ally.
12

Gold  silver extend gains on sustained festive buyingNew Delhi, September 30, 2014
Updated: September 30, 2014 15:10 IST
Gold, silver extend gains on sustained festive buying
PTI
The Hindu In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity added Rs. 40 each to Rs. 27,340 and Rs. 27,140 per ten gram respectively.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Bullion traders said sustained buying by jewellery fabricators and retailers to meet the festive season demand mainly kept precious metal prices higher.
Supported by rising demand from jewellers and retailers fuelled by the ongoing festive season, gold rose further by Rs. 40 to Rs. 27,340 per 10 grams in New Delhi on Tuesday.
Silver followed suit and gained another Rs. 100 to Rs. 39,700 per kg on increased off-take by industrial units and coin makers.
Bullion traders said sustained buying by jewellery fabricators and retailers to meet the festive season demand mainly kept precious metal prices higher.
They said weakening rupee against the American currency that made the imports of dollar-quoted gold costlier, too influenced prices.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity added Rs. 40 each to Rs. 27,340 and Rs. 27,140 per ten gram respectively.
It had gained Rs. 70 on Monday.
On the other hand, sovereign continued to be asked at last level of Rs. 24,200 per piece of eight gram in scattered deals.
In line with overall trend, silver ready advanced by Rs. 100 to Rs. 39,700 per kg and weekly-based delivery edged up by Rs. 25 to Rs. 39,195 per kg. The white metal had gained Rs. 65 in the previous session.
Silver coins also spurted by Rs. 1,000 to Rs. 70,000 for buying and Rs. 71,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Narendra Modi pays tributes at Gandhi s statue in WashingtonOn the last day of his five-day visit to the US, the Prime Minister will meet US Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel and separately the Governor of Maryland state. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 30, 2014 6:06 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 6:24 pm
On Tuesday Prime Minister Narendra Modi paid floral tributes to Mahatma Gandhi at the statue of the Father of the Nation here in the US capital.
A large number of Indian-Americans were present to welcome the Prime Minister who was accompanied by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj when he arrived at the Indian Embassy to pay tribute to the Gandhi statue in front of the mission.
On the last day of his five-day visit to the US, the Prime Minister will meet US Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel and separately the Governor of Maryland state.
Tuesday is also being observed as US-India Partnership Day.
Thereafter Modi will go to the White House for the official bilateral meeting with President Barack Obama. The two are expected to issue a joint statement at the end of the meeting.
Modi is also scheduled to address a reception hosted by the US India Business Council (USIBC).
The prime minister is also likely to visit the Martin Luther King Memorial here.
Martin Luther King, was an American clergyman, activist, and prominent leader in the African-American Civil Rights Movement.
King is an iconic figure in the advancement of civil rights in the US and around the world, using non-violent resistance inspired by Mahatma Gandhi.

Hero MotoCorp crosses 6 lakh sales mark in SeptemberNew Delhi, September 30, 2014
Updated: September 30, 2014 18:59 IST
Hero MotoCorp crosses 6 lakh sales mark in September
PTI
The Hindu Hero MotoCorp said it has lined up over 10 new product launches, including refreshes and variants, which will reach all dealerships across the country during the festive season. Photo: S.Subramanium
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
The company said it has also clocked over 1.7 lakh units in retail sales during the first six days of Navratri-from September 5-30, 2014-a growth of more than 15 per cent from 2013.
The country’s largest two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp on Tuesday reported over 30 per cent jump in its sales in September to six lakh units, riding on strong festive season demand.
“As despatches will continue till midnight of September 30, the final tally for the month is expected to be much higher,” the company said in a statement.
The company had sold 468,670 units of two-wheelers in September 2013.
In the past, Hero MotoCorp had crossed the 6-lakh plus monthly milestone in two previous occasions-in October 2013 when it sold 6.25 lakh units and in May 2014 when it sold 6.02 lakh units of two-wheelers.
The company said it has also clocked over 1.7 lakh units in retail sales during the first six days of Navratri-from September 5-30, 2014-a growth of more than 15 per cent over the corresponding period in 2013.
Hero MotoCorp said it has lined up over 10 new product launches, including refreshes and variants, which will reach all dealerships across the country during the festive season.

Non-subsidised LPG cylinder price cut by Rs 21Non-subsidised LPG cylinder price cut by Rs 21; Jet fuel by 3%
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 21:28 IST
The price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was cut by Rs 21 per cylinder on Tuesday while that of aviation turbine fuel (ATF) or jet fuel was reduced by a steep 3 per cent on the back of falling international oil rates.
This is the third straight reduction in rates of non-subsidised LPG since July.
A non-subsidised 14.2-kg cooking gas cylinder will now cost Rs 880 in Delhi - down from Rs 901 earlier, according to Indian Oil Corp (IOC). A subsidised LPG cylinder costs Rs 414 in the state.
Jet fuel price was slashed by Rs 2,077.62 per kilo-litre, or 2.98 per cent, in Delhi to Rs 67,525.63 per kl, India's largest fuel retailer said.
This is the third reduction in jet fuel rates since July. Declining international oil prices have made imports cheaper, resulting in price reduction.
In Mumbai, jet fuel costs Rs 69,610.50 per kl as against Rs 71,829.42 per kl earlier, IOC said. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of airlines' operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
No immediate comment was available from the carriers on the impact of the price cut on passenger fares.
The three fuel retailers - IOC, Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp - revise jet fuel and non-subsidised LPG prices on the first of every month, based on the average international prices in the preceding month.

Mount Ontake tragedy: Japan volcano death toll likely to rise to around 46Rescuers conduct a search operation near the peak of Mount Ontake in central Japan Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014. Search efforts for people missing since Saturday's surprise eruption resumed Wednesday morning. (Source: AP Photo/Kyodo News)
Agence-France Presse | Tokyo | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:00 am | Updated: October 1, 2014 4:17 pm
The death toll from a sudden volcanic eruption in Japan hit 48 on Wednesday as rescuers discovered 12 new bodies in so-far unexplored areas of the ash-covered peak.
The figure makes the eruption of Mount Ontake, which was packed with hikers when it burst angrily to life on Saturday lunchtime, the worst volcanic disaster in Japan for almost 90 years.
Up until Sunday 36 bodies had been found, but many of these remained on the ruptured mountain as toxic gas and the risk of further eruptions forced emergency workers to suspend operations.
Volcanic gases and ash billow from the peak crater of Mount Ontake in central Japan Tuesday afternoon, Sept. 30, 2014. (Source: AP Photo/Kyodo News)
The grim news of more deaths came after media reports earlier suggested as many as 20 people remained unaccounted for, with an area of the volcano still spewing steam and gas.
Some of the around 1,000 troops, police and firefighters combing the volcano succeeded today in bringing down 14 more of the bodies that were discovered on Sunday.
An official at Nagano prefecture’s crisis management office said helicopters had brought the dead from the mountain, whose pockmarked lunarscape bears witness to the huge volume of ash and rocks flung from the volcano.
Rescuers conduct a search operation near the peak of Mount Ontake in central Japan Wednesday, Oct. 1, 2014. Search efforts for people missing since Saturday’s surprise eruption resumed Wednesday morning. (Source: AP Photo/Kyodo News)
“We believe there are more people still missing, but we don’t know how many they are,” he added.
Broadcaster NHK said earlier in the day rescuers had seen more bodies that they had not yet been able to access.
Hiking is a hugely popular pastime in Japan, with mountain trails promoted by tourism officials who ask walkers to sign in when they begin their trek and sign out again when they finish.
But a local tourism association told the Asahi Shimbun that usually only 10 to 20 per cent of hikers register before entering the mountains in high season.
An aerial view shows rescue workers searching for missing people near mountain lodge with heavily damaged roof top in the erupted Mount Ontake, central Japan, Monday, Sept. 29, 2014. (Source: AP Photo/Kyodo News)
The report said 327 hikers had registered their presence on Mount Ontake at the time of the eruption.
Rescuers are hoping that many of those continued…

Another security breach  armed man on lift with ObamaAnother security breach, armed man on lift with Obama
Reuters
print
An armed private security agent was allowed on an elevator with President Barack Obama earlier this month in Atlanta, a Secret Service official said on Tuesday, in another case involving a security failure for the embattled agency.
The incident occurred while Obama was visiting the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on September 16, three days before a man with a knife jumped the White House fence in Washington and ran into the executive mansion.
The White House intrusion has sparked sharp criticism of the agency responsible for protecting the president. Secret Service Director Julia Pierson told a congressional committee on Tuesday: "This is unacceptable and I take full responsibility."
In the Atlanta incident, first reported by the Washington Examiner and Washington Post, a security contractor with the CDC was operating the elevator carrying Obama and his Secret Service detail.
The man began taking pictures and video of Obama on his phone, prompting the Secret Service to take him aside for questioning after they left the elevator, the agency official said.
It was not until his supervisor appeared and asked for his gun that the Secret Service realise he was armed, the official said. Under agency rules, people with access to the president need special clearance to carry guns.
The Washington Post reported that a background check also showed the man had three previous convictions for assault and battery.
The Secret Service official said the probe of the incident was part of an ongoing investigation by the agency.

India  US to set up high-level working group...Agriculture Investment Innovation
(American companies, particularly…)
WASHINGTON: India and the US have decided to set up a high-level working group on intellectual property to sort out the contentious issues which have been hampering investments.
The group will be constituted as part of the Trade Policy Forum (TPF).
The US-India TPF is the principal trade dialogue body between the countries. It has five focus groups: Agriculture, Investment, Innovation and Creativity, Services, and Tariff and Non-Tariff Barriers.
"Agreeing on the need to foster innovation in a manner that promotes economic growth and job creation, the leaders committed to establish an annual high-level Intellectual Property (IP) Working Group with appropriate decision-making and technical-level meetings as part of the TPF," said a joint statement issued after talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama .
American companies, particularly from the pharma sector, had alleged that Indian IPR laws discriminate against US companies and violate global norms.
The statement said the leaders are committed to work through the TPF to promote a business environment attractive for companies to invest and manufacture in India and in the US.
In July, India and US trade officials had in New Delhi met to prepare the framework for the ministerial level meeting of the TPF, a body which has not met since 2010.
On April 30, the US had brought out the Special 301 report, an annual review of the global state of IPR protection and enforcement, in which it has classified India as a 'priority watch list country'.
On the report, India has said that the Special 301 process is a unilateral measure taken by the US under their Trade Act, 1974 to create pressure on countries to increase IPR protection beyond the TRIPS agreement.
New Delhi has always maintained that its IPR regime is fully compliant with all international laws.
Further, the statement said that both the leaders have recognised the contribution of the Indian and US Information Technology industry and the IT-enabled service industry in strengthening India-US trade and investment relations.
The two leaders also committed to hold public-private discussions in early 2015 under the Commercial Dialogue on new areas of cooperation, including innovation in advanced manufacturing, it added.
"In order to share best practices in manufacturing and work towards greater harmonisation of standards, the National Institute of Standards and Technology's Manufacturing Extension Partnership programme will start a dialogue with Indian counterparts," it said.
The two countries plan to work expeditiously through several joint initiatives to facilitate greater confidence in cross-border trade and investment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tax dept extends date for TDS deposit to Oct 10Tax department extends date for TDS deposit to October 10
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 02.32PM IST
Tags:
Direct Taxes
(The last date for deposit…)
NEW DELHI: The last date for deposit of Tax Deducted at Source (TDS) has been extended by three days to October 10 due to festivals.
"The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has issued an order to extend the last date of deposit of tax deducted at source/tax collected at source during the month of September, 2014 from October 7 to October 10 without entailing any consequential interest," an official statement said.
The extension has been given considering the consecutive holidays owing to the festive season and weekend during the first week in the month of October, 2014, it added.
However, the due date for filing of TDS/TCS statements for the second quarter of the 2014-15 fiscal shall remain the same.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vijay Mallya gets nod to continue as USL cha...Vijay Mallya gets shareholders' nod to continue as USL chairman
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 02.13PM IST
Tags:
Anand Kripalu
(Vijay Mallya has been…)
NEW DELHI: Liquor baron Vijay Mallya has been re-elected as non-executive director and chairman of United Spirits at the annual general meeting of the liquor major.
Following a reduction in its shareholding in USL, United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd (UBHL), promoted by Mallya, is no longer entitled to recommend an independent director to the USL board, global spirits major Diageo said in a statement.
"The composition of the USL board following the annual general meeting reflects this change," it said.
At the AGM of USL held yesterday in Bangalore, Diageo said shareholders of USL approved appointments of CEO Anand Kripalu as a director and Sudhakar Rao, D Sivanandhan and Indu Shahani as independent non-executive directors apart from Mallya's re-appointment.
Diageo said other members of USL board -- Paul Walsh (non-executive director nominated by Diageo), Ravi Rajagopal (non-executive director nominated by Diageo) and P A Murali (CFO and Diageo-nominated director) -- would continue in their respective positions.
UBHL remains entitled under the shareholders agreement to nominate one director to the USL board subject to it continuing to hold at least 1,307,950 shares in USL and Mallya continuing to control UBHL, it said.
"Diageo's contractual obligations to support Mallya continuing as non-executive director and chairman of USL are subject to these conditions as well as the absence of certain defaults by UBHL or Mallya," the statement said.
Mallya remains UBHL's nominated director and therefore, in accordance with the terms of the Shareholders Agreement, Diageo voted in favour of the resolution at the USL AGM to re-appoint Mallya as a director of USL, it said.
Diageo is the majority shareholder in USL with 54.78 per cent interest and continues to be entitled under the shareholders' agreement to appoint its nominees to the roles of CEO and CFO of USL, as well as to nominate and recommend directors to the USL board, subject to overall composition of the USL board meeting the applicable requirements of Indian law and regulation, the spirits major said.
The world's largest spirits maker Diageo Plc had on November 9, 2012 announced that it would acquire 53.4 per cent stake in United Spirits for Rs 11,166.5 crore in a multi-structured deal.
FEATURED ARTICLES

West Bengal: One killed  12 injured in explosion in crackerfactoryPress Trust of India | Chinsurah | Posted: October 1, 2014 3:05 pm
One person was killed and 12 others were injured in an explosion at an illegal  firecracker factory at Pandua in West Bengal’s Hoogly district on Wednesday.
Deputy superintendent of police Debasree Sanyal said the factory at Chapta village had no licence.
The thatched roof of the factory was blown off under the impact of the explosion.
Police have rushed to the spot and the injured have been hospitalised.
The owner of the factory is absconding and the hunt is on to nab him, Sanyal added.

Now this new app is for promoting consensual sexMotorola has launched a clever little key fob that can help find a missing phone and minimize the chance of misplacing the door key.
This new app is for promoting consensual sex
Hindustan Times
New York, October 01, 2014
First Published: 14:47 IST(1/10/2014)
print
In a bid to solve cases of date rape and sexual assault on campus, here comes an app that makes consensual sex as easy as a flick of your finger.
"Good2Go" is a free "consent" mobile phone app for both iPhone and Android devices that "targets college-age adults".
According to its developer Lee Ann Allman, she created the app after talking with her college-aged kids about sexual assault on campuses in the US.
She hopes it will "help alleviate the culture of confusion, fear and abuse on campus".
This is how it works:
Answer a few questions before you plan to have sex.
The opposite sex will be asked, "Are we Good2Go?"
Three possible answers: "No, thanks," "Yes, but we need to talk," or "I'm Good2Go."
"No, thanks" means there is no consent, so there is no sex.
"Yes, but we need to talk" means they have some questions they want to ask, and "I'm Good2Go" means it is a go ahead, the Slate magazine reported.
If "Pretty Wasted" is selected, the answer to "Are we Good2Go?" automatically switches to "No thanks."
The app maintains that you can't consent if you are "Pretty Wasted."
 

India promises US to check youth joining ISISIndia promises US to check youth joining ISIS
PTI  Washington, October 01, 2014
First Published: 14:34 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 14:39 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
India is not going to join "any coalition" in the ongoing fight against the dreaded ISIS group in West Asia but agreed to work with the US to deal with the "major issue" of flight of radicalised people to that region for terror strikes.
     
The Indian stand over any participation in the US-led coalition air strikes in the war on terrorism against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria was outlined by an official of Ministry of External Affairs even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi shared his concerns during summit talks with President Barack Obama over emerging challenges in West Asia.
     
Vikram Doraiswami, Joint Secretary (Americas) in the MEA, during a media briefing on Tuesday's summit talks said India was not going to join "any coalition" against terrorism but the two sides had agreed on the need to deal with "travellers of terrorism" -- radicalised people who travel for participating in terror activities in West Asia.
     
"This is a very major issue for us," he said while referring to reports of movement of radicalised youth from India to that region.
     
Likewise, it was clarified that a trilateral partnership agreed on Afghanistan, would be developmental in nature and not military cooperation.
     
Doraiswami also said that the "joint and concerted efforts" on dismantling safe havens for terrorist groups and criminal networks as resolved by India and the US in the Joint Statement did not mean that the two countries were going to launch operations but will carry out any UN-mandated task.
     
India does not have an exact figure on the number of radicalised youth from the country in Iraq.
     
In what could be a warning bell for the security agencies in India, reports have emerged that the dreaded ISIS group has been recruiting youths from states like Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Maharashtra and Jammu and Kashmir to fight in Iraq, Syria and other places in the Middle East. It has also been said that the ISIS is particularly targeting Muslim youths.
     
Modi during his joint media appearance with Obama said the two countries agreed to intensify cooperation in counter terrorism and intelligence sharing.
     
Obama said India was emerging as a major power for peace and security in the region. Modi in his address to the UN General Assembly in New York last Saturday had said that "extremism and fault lines" were growing in West Asia.

Truck with inflammable chemical explodes at Indo-Pakcheck-postPress Trust of India | Attari | Posted: October 1, 2014 3:42 pm
An Indian tanker exploded soon after hydrogen peroxide, an inflammable chemical, was transferred from a Pakistani tanker at Integrated Check Post on the Indo-Pak border here on Wednesday, sparking panic in the high- security area.
No one was injured, though BSF personnel and Pakistani Rangers went into a tizzy after the powerful explosion which saw the debris scattered “in an area of 2000 square yards”.
A magisterial probe has been ordered and the Pakistani side has been informed about the incident, officials said, adding a forensic team from Chandigarh has been dispatched.
Punjab police Inspector Ravinder Singh said that after the transfer of the chemical from a Pakistani truck, leakage began.
“The chemical caught fire and it was followed by a powerful blast, but no causality was reported,” he said.
Singh said that at the time of blast, nobody was standing near the Indian tanker as it was morning time.
The Pakistani truck was unharmed and went back.
An Indian official posted at the checkpost said that possibility of mischief cannot be ruled out and things would become clear after a thorough investigation.

Modis US tour  understood through BollywoodpostersPrint
Express LOL | Posted: October 1, 2014 3:30 pm
Narendra Modi has completed a whirlwind 5 day tour of the US, and he has certainly charmed his way into a million NRI hearts. In case you missed the highlights of his tour, here’s a new way to look at it – with the help of customized Bollywood movie posters!

Microsoft launches Lumia 730  830 and 930 just in time forfestivalsAjey Mehta, MD of Nokia India Sales Pvt Ltd, poses with the Lumia 730, 830 and 930.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: October 1, 2014 3:24 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 1:11 pm
Microsoft Devices is preparing for the festival season with three new Lumia devices aimed at the affordable and high-end segment. The Lumia 730 priced Rs 15,299, the Lumia 830 priced Rs 28,799 will try and woo those looking for a phone in the affordable range, while the Lumia 930 flagship will have a high-end Rs 38,649 price tag.
Ajey Mehta, Managing Director, Nokia India Sales Pvt. Ltd., a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobiles Oy, said the two affordable devices will pack features that are seem mostly in high-end phones. He said Microsoft services like Skype, OneNote and Cortana available across most of the mid and high-end Lumia phones will be a clear USP for these devices.
In fact, with the three new devices as well as the Lumia 1520, Microsoft is now offering 1TB of cloud storage free for the first six months. After that users will have to pay Rs 125 per month for using this feature.
The Lumia 930, launched globally in April, stands apart for its 20MP PureView camera with ZEISS optics and advanced Rich Recording. It has a 2.2GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor with 2GB RAM and 32 GB internal storage. The thin phone also have a stylish design that sets it apart from the rest of the Lumia range.
The Lumia 830 on the other hand tries to bring top-end features to a more affordable price point. It has a 10 MP camera wth Carl Zeiss optic. It is powered by a 1.2GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor with 1GB RAM and 16GB internal storage.
The Lumia 730 dual SIM model is much more affordable but brings a good camera and Microsoft services to this range. It is the most affordable device with wireless charging, though this feature is not being
The Lumia 830 and 730 were announced at the IFA in Berlin in September.
Microsoft has also announced the availability of HD-10, a Microsoft Screen-Sharing device that lets people beam any content from their smartphone to an HDMI-enabled screen. The HD-10 will be priced Rs 5,999.
 

Pakistan to introduce EVMs before general elections due in2018Print
Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: October 1, 2014 3:19 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 3:22 pm
Pakistan has decided to introduce Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) in two years before the next general elections due in 2018, an election commission official has informed.
The Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) has asked the government to introduce legal amendments enabling the use of modern techniques like EVMs.
Legal barrier in the way of introducing the technology should be removed during the next two months so that the commission should start its work on the pilot project next year, ECP Secretary Ishtiak Ahmad Khan said on Tuesday.
He said the new system, which was already widely used around the world, would stamp out illegal electoral practices.
“It will resolve the issues of printing of ballot papers and counting and compilation of results,” he said.
Each new voting machine would cost around USD 300 and the country needs at least 1,50,000 machines for about 70,000 polling stations in the country.

Ram Vilas Paswan not happy with cleanliness status in FoodMinistryPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 3:18 pm
Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan, who made a surprise visit to various areas of his ministry on Wednesday expressed unhappiness over status of cleanliness in some rooms, loose wires hanging in corridors and poor upkeep of library books.
“He visited various sections, library, canteen and toilets. The Minister expressed unhappiness over the status of cleanliness in some of the rooms, loose wires in corridors and upkeep of books in library,” an official statement said.
He himself picked up waste papers lying here and there and threw them in dustbin. He also ordered renovation of library and speeding up of weeding of old records, it said.
During the checks, Paswan interacted with groups of officials, highlighting the importance of hygiene and cleanliness.
The Minister said that “Swachh Bharat Mission” initiated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi is an opportunity for “all of us” to contribute in the mission of cleanliness.
He asked the officials to ensure voluntary service at least two hours every week to keep his or her surroundings clean. After the inspecting the kitchen of the canteen, Paswan also took lunch with officials, the statement added.

Re heads for 62: 5 stocks which may gain mostYou are here: Home > Collections
Top 5 tech stocks that outperformed ahead of Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 01.46PM IST
(Hopes of pick-up in the US…)
MUMBAI: The Indian IT sector, has been giving consistent results for the past few years. It has been one of the few sectors to have outperformed cyclicals in post election market.
Earnings have been stable for most of the companies and with Vishal Sikka at helm of affairs, things are expected to improve for Infosys.
Most investors who entered the market on hopes of economic revival shifted to IT sector after the cyclicals failed to deliver good results in previous quarter.
Hopes of pick-up in the US economy and a strengthening US dollar against other currency basket have been the main drivers for the sector.
The BSE IT Index has surged over 17 per cent in last quarter and recently hit an all-time high of 10,749.35.
The US dollar Index is at 86 and if the momentum continues, the Indian currency is likely to depreciate further. The rupee against the US dollar has slipped close to 62 level. According to analysts, if FII outflows continue then the rupee may even fall to 63 per dollar in near to medium term.
Mindtree, Persistent Systems, Tech Mahindra, Infosys and TCS are the top five performers in the last three months in BSE IT Index. Following are the brokerages view on these stocks after Q1 results:
Mindtree:
In a meeting hosted by Kotak Institutional Equities for Mindtree in September, the management had reiterated (1) aspirations of industry-leading revenue growth, (2) comfort in maintaining margins at constant currency and (3) prospects of better growth in a challenged hi-tech vertical.
"The Mindtree stock had a strong run over the past 12 months and now trades at 16X FY2016E earnings. Focused strategy, solid deal wins and an ability to compete at par with much larger peers in its chosen areas will ensure solid revenue growth for Mindtree," the report said.
"Mindtree is likely to be the fastest-growing company under KIE's technology coverage in the next couple of years. Strong growth will sustain premium multiples," it added.
According to Kotak Securities, the valuations of the company are at a premium but deserved for consistency and leadership in growth. It has a price target of Rs 1,180 on the stock.
Persisten Systems:
Analysts at Prabhudas Lilladher recently interacted with the management of the company to understand the demand environment and possible impact due to seasonality.
According to the management, Q2FY15 is turning out to be a strong quarter compared to Q1FY15 with positive margin bias despite wage hike. However, a slow start to the year may restrict a strong beat to NASSCOM guidance.
"We expect PSYS' revenue momentum to improve during the course of year with margin improvement. Moreover, IP revenue can accelerate earnings. However, our estimate has factored in most of the positives and sees limited scope of upgrade in the near term. We retain our "Accumulate" rating," the report said.
The brokerage has a price target of Rs 1,450 on the stock.
Tech Mahindra:
CLSA remains skeptical about Tech Mahindra's margin recovery prospects after its 500bps decline. According to the brokerage, as the company lacks depth in key verticals and has only average capabilities in digital/SMAC, it less-than-confident about Tech Mahindra's sustainable organic growth.
"Tech Mahindra remains a weak business that should trade at 14x one-year forward PE (0.5standard deviation above its 10-year and two-year average and a 20 per cent discount to tier-1 players). As the recent share price rally appears unwarranted and we downgrade our call from Underperform to SELL," the report said.
The brokerage has a price target of Rs 2200 on the stock.
 
Infosys:
Reliance Securities is of the view that the company is likely to approach near industry-level growth by FY2016E based on: 1) focus around high-growth IMS line with a clear digital strategy, 2) stability in attrition with clarity within the leadership structure, 3) greater competitive intensity in chasing deals, 4) bundled-services strategy for chasing large-deals and 5) availability of multiple margin-levers.
"With the new leadership structure and new CEO at the helm of affairs, we expect the management to announce the growth strategy for the company ahead. We believe that the company is likely to unveil a bundled strategy around ADM, IMS and SMAC service-lines and is likely to increase its competitive intensity around securing large-deals," the report said.
The brokerage has a 'Buy' on the stock with a target of Rs 4,150.
TCS:
Tata Consultancy Services has reiterated that FY2015 would be better than FY2014 even on an organic basis.
TCS has already delivered strong numbers for Q1FY2015 with a 5.5 per cent Q-o-Q growth. For Q2FY2015 also it expects to deliver around 5.5 per cent sequential growth on an organic basis. Including the consolidation of the Mitsubishi JV (which contributes $100 million), the growth will be over 7 per cent.
According to Sharekhan, the stock trades a little over 20.5x FY2016E earnings. In view of the potential for improvement in the demand environment and the overall improvement in market sentiment, it expects TCS to get re-rated because of its strong leadership position.
"We raise our price target to Rs 2,900, which is 22x the FY2016E earnings. We maintain our Buy rating on the stock, which remains our top pick in the IT sector," the report said.
Company Returns % Mindtree  35.90    Persistent Systems  31.48    Tech Mahindra  18.23    Infosys  16.80    TCS  15.96
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex closes day in red  down 63 points; Nifty ends below 7 950: Maruti skids 3%Sensex trades in red ahead of holidays; top 20 intraday trading ideas
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 03.35PM IST
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared most of its gains and was now trading in a range with a negative bias ahead of five day trading holiday.
Indian markets will remain closed from 2nd October to 6th October.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was trading with a negative bias around its crucial psychological support level of 7950.
At 11:30 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,606.18, down 24 points or 0.09 per cent. It touched a high of 26,683.70 and a low of 26,550.06 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 7,955.20, down 10 points or 0.12 per cent. It touched a high of 7,977.50 and a low of 7,941.25 in trade today.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2860 and a stop loss of Rs 2775
Motherson Sumi Systems Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 390
Oriental Bank of Commerce is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 218 and a stop loss of Rs 232
Union Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 178 and a stop loss of Rs 191
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
HUL Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 722 and a stop loss of Rs 750
Union Bank of India is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 170 and a stop loss of Rs 192
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1800 and a stop loss of Rs 1724
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2580 and a stop loss of Rs 2508
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1790 and a stop loss of Rs 1725
Idea Cellular Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 179 and a stop loss of Rs 167
Tata Steel Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 170 and a stop loss of Rs 192
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Axis Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 387 and a stop loss of Rs 377
Sun TV Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 348 and a stop loss of Rs 336
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 625 and a stop loss of Rs 608
Rakesh Bansal, VP- R K Global
Nitin Fire Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 78 and a stop loss of Rs 65
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3850 and a stop loss of Rs 3680
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2455
A K Prabhakar, Independent Market Expert
NTPC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 168 and a stop loss of Rs 136
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 665 and a stop loss of Rs 597
Eros Media Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 320 and a stop loss of Rs 259
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wage revision:Bank unions plan protestsfromOct 10Wage revision: Bank unions plan protests from Oct 10
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 28:  
The United Forum of Bank Unions (UBFU) has decided to resume the agitation path to protest the ‘adamant’ stand of the Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) with respect to the pending wage revision.
Accordingly, employees will wear black badges on October 10. Country-wide protest demonstrations will be conducted on October 17.
INDEFINITE STRIKE?
A one-day dharna will be held at all State capitals between October 18 and 31.
This would be followed by a one-day country-wide protest strike, the date for which is yet to be decided.
The next option was intermittent and relay strikes, which would give way to an indefinite strike unless a solution is found to the vexed issue.
According to CH Venkatachalam, General Secretary, UBFU, the latest round of talks with the IBA was held on Friday last.
The UBFU has been demanding a 25 per cent revision in pay slip components, while the IBA has offered a “very meagre” 11 per cent.
The IBA wanted to know the UBFU’s views on introduction of the cost-to-company method as well as fixed and variable pay concepts. The unions reiterated that the same was not acceptable to them.
WAGE REVISION
Cost-to-company indicates the employee’s total expense for the employer in a year. This includes all facilities given during the service period.
Venkatachalam said the IBA insisted on limiting the wage revision discussions up to scale III officers instead of up to scale VII, which was also rejected.
On the vital issue of improvement in the IBA offer of 11 per cent, it continued to plead its inability unless the UFBU scaled down its demand in view of the financial constraints of banks.
“This was despite the UBFU indication that we would be flexible in our demand, depending on improvements in other areas.
“We categorically informed IBA that we would be reasonable and flexible provided IBA reciprocated. But the IBA chose to ignore and did not offer to improve its offer.”
However, the talk found some common ground on a few other areas of dispute.
HOSPITAL EXPENSES
For instance, there was a detailed discussion on the demand for 100 per cent reimbursement of hospitalisation expenses incurred by the employees/ officers and family members and the IBA offer of a group mediclaim scheme.
“We explained apprehensions about the implementation of the scheme and hassle-free reimbursement of claims.
“We reiterated that employees/officers should not be required to deal directly with the insurance company or their Third Party Administrators,” Venkatachalam said.
IBA agreed and has accordingly clarified that even though employees would be covered by the mediclaim scheme, they would continue to submit their claims to the management.
The reimbursement would be made by banks with the improved benefits of the scheme accruing to the employees.
BROAD CONSENSUS
IBA also agreed to incorporate the suggestions of the UFBU while finalising the scheme. Hence a broad consensus was mutually agreed upon and the final scheme would be worked out accordingly.
Other demands raised were: 100 per cent DA on pension for those retiring before November, 2002, improvement in family pension, and periodical updation of pension; introduction of five-day banking; and regulated working hours for officers.
IBA said it was inclined to favourably consider the demand for 100 per cent DA on pension for pre-November 2002-retirees.
An improvement in family pension was being worked out and a decision would be taken soon on the same.
5-DAY BANKING
As regards updation of pension, IBA said in view of the high cost involved, it would be difficult to agree to the same.
But it agreed that any viable and affordable proposition from the UFBU in this regard would be examined.
As for five-day banking, IBA regretted its inability to accept the demand in the present situation. It agreed to apply its mind to the matter if the UBFU submitted a detailed note indicating the logic and rationale.
On the issue of regulated working hours for officers, IBA was not inclined to agree to the same.
However, it agreed to study the note submitted by the officers’ organisation.
(This article was published on September 28, 2014)
Related

Cinepolis to invest Rs. 1 000 crore to touch 400-screen markeconomy, business and finance
The company launched its six-screen multiplex at Inorbit Mall on the Alembic-Gorva Road.
Mexico-based cinema multiplex chain Cinepolis, which runs 96 screens in India, plans to invest around Rs.1,000 crore to have 400 screens in the country by 2017, a top company official said on Tuesday.
“We’re the first international multiplex chain to begin operations in Vadodara city. We already operate 18 cinema screens in Gujarat, which is the highest in any state. This is a key territory in our overall growth plans to reach our 400 screens target by 2017,” Cinepolis India Managing Director Javier Sotomayor told reporters.
The company launched its six-screen multiplex at Inorbit Mall on the Alembic-Gorva Road.
He said that Tueday’s multiplex launch coincided with the 43rd anniversary of Cinepolis which was founded on September 30, 1971. Since then it has run multiplex screens in 11 countries including Mexico, the US and others.
In India, Cinepolis ranks fourth among Indian competitors in terms of number of screens.
“We do not see any difficulty in reaching our target of 400 screens across India despite a slowdown in the real estate business due to which construction of malls have got delayed,” Sotomayor said, adding that Cinepolis is a debt-free company, which does not intend to enter the capital market in India.
Cinepolis India’s Director (Expansion) Ashish Shukla said that the plans to open another 41 screens before the end of the year and cross the 100-screen mark, including three megaplexes.

Ebay free to focus on its core© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/592f69cc-48bd-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Elisabeth Murdoch to end Shine eraElisabeth Murdoch to end Shine era
By Matthew Garrahan in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ebc872fc-48e4-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex down in early trade on profit-bookingSensex closes lower; ITC, Reliance stocks fall
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 16:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The BSE Sensex fell on Wednesday as blue-chips such as ITC declined as traders refrained from building positions in a holiday truncated week, while foreign investor sales also weighed on sentiment.
Markets will be shut until Monday and re-open for trading on Tuesday.
ITC provisionally fell 1.6 per cent while Reliance Industries ended 2 per cent lower.
The benchmark BSE Sensex provisionally closed 0.23 percent lower, while the broader Nifty lost 0.24 percent, also marking their lowest close since September 25.
(Reuters)

Narendra Modi signs autographs  meets children in USpicture  others
Narendra Modi casts a spell on Indian diaspora
Prime Minister Narendra Modi signing autographs children of Indian community in Washington DC on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being greeted by people of Indian community in Washington DC on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacts with the families of Indian officials at Indian Embassy in Washington DC on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at a meeting with the US Secretary of Defence Chuck Hagel in Washington DC on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacts with the children at Indian Embassy in USA at Washington DC on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi pays tribute to a statue of Mahatma Gandhi in Washington DC. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi poses for a group photograph with the families of Indian officials at Indian Embassy in Washington DC on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
rime Minister Narendra Modi with Swami Chidanand Saraswati in New York on Monday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with the External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj outside the Indian Embassy in USA at Washington DC on Tuesday. (Source: PTI)
Related

Delegates bearish at commodities forumDelegates bearish at commodities forum
By Neil Hume and Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c01c6554-492b-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

DGCA directs airlines to spread awareness on Swacch Bharat campaignYou are here: Home > Collections > Dgca
DGCA directs airlines to spread awareness on Swacch Bharat campaign
Saurabh Sinha, TNN Oct 1, 2014, 11.51AM IST
Tags:
American Federal Aviation Administration
(Airlines have been asked…)
NEW DELHI: The next time you board an aircraft, do not be surprised on hearing in-flight announcements asking you to contribute for building toilets or on being shown a video on cleanliness drives.
The directorate general of civil aviation (DGCA) has directed Indian carriers to spread awareness on the government's Swachh Bharat Abhiyan through in-flight announcements and boarding cards. Airlines have been asked to seek donations from flyers and spread the word on their websites.
DGCA joint DG Lalit Gupta wrote to airlines last Friday, saying that regulator had proposed a series of steps. The regulator also asked airlines to adopt villages colonies for construction of toilets and develop a system of cleanliness.
Airlines are questioning this outreach of the aviation regulator that was downgraded by the American Federal Aviation Administration earlier this year due to poor safety oversight mechanism. "As part of corporate social responsibility , it should be left to promoter groups to undertake activities for the abhiyan. The regulator cannot dictate to us that the same must be promoted through in-flight announcements and also seeking donations.
The DGCA should focus its energy on reversing the downgrade that is affecting Indian carriers," fumed an airline official.
Anticipating this response, the DGCA directive asked the CEOs of the airlines to respond on the above issues latest by September 29. They also have to submit an activity report supporting the same to the DG's office by Saturday.
Parked Dreamliner's windshield cracks
Boeing's trouble-prone Dreamliner suffered yet another cockpit windshield crack last Saturday when an Air India's Boeing 787 developed this snag on a Bangalore-Delhi flight. Senior AI officials say the airline has had at least 11 to 12 windshield cracks in its fleet of 16 Dreamliners so far.
"The latest problem happened when the aircraft landed in Delhi from Bangalore. It was parked at the bay, being prepared for the next flight. While parked, the cockpit windshield cracked on its own. This was the second time when a stationary B-787's windshield cracked," said a senior official. AI has raised the issue of frequent cracks with Boeing. "Luckily for us, they have brought in windshields here and are able to replace them quickly whenever there is a crack. The time for which an aircraft has to be grounded due to this has come down," said an official.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Trai directs Loop to inform date to closure ...You are here: Home > Collections
Trai directs Loop to inform date to closure to subscribers
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 02.59PM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Telecom Regulatory Authority…)
NEW DELHI: Sectoral regulator Trai has directed Loop Mobile to inform date of closure of its services in Mumbai to all subscribers either in writing or by sending an SMS or email within 10 days.
"The Authority hereby directs Loop Mobile that it shall inform the date of closure of its services in Mumbai licensed service area to all its existing subscribers...either in writing or by sending SMS/e-mail, within 10 days of issue of this direction," Trai said in a letter dated September 30.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) said the mobile operator should also inform about every new subscriber at the time of his enrolment to its network.
"Loop Mobile is further directed to furnish the compliance report with regard to the direction within 15 days of issue of this direction," Trai said.
Loop Mobile had informed Department of Telecom (DoT), in a letter dated March 10 this year, that due to various commercial reasons, it was unable to renew the CMTS licence and would, therefore, cease to provide its services with effect from November 29, 2014.
Mumbai-based Loop Mobile's licences will expire in November after which it will not be able to offer telecom services. The company had to buy spectrum afresh to continue its operations but it did not participate in the auction held in February.
The company in June last had entered into an agreement with Bharti Airtel to sell its assets for about Rs 700 crore.
The deal, however, is yet to be approved by DoT. DoT estimates that Loop Mobile and its other sister concern owes it about Rs 808 crore. The Department, according to sources, has held up the clearance related to the deal as the payment has not been made yet to the government.
No comment on this could be obtained from Loop Mobile when contacted earlier this week.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India to run out of free drug for HIV/AIDS p...India set to run out of critical free drug for HIV/AIDS programme
By Reuters | 1 Oct, 2014, 02.45PM IST
0
Share More
India had the third-largest number of people living with HIV in the world at the end of 2013, according to the UN AIDS programme.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: India could run out of a critical medicine in its free HIV/AIDS drugs programme in three weeks due to bureaucratic bungling, a senior government official said, leaving more than 150,000 sufferers without life-saving drugs for about a month.
Missed dosages for long durations can increase patients' drug resistance and result in faster spread of the virus, while changes in medication regimens expose patients to side effects.
The supply crunch will be an embarrassment for the four-month-old government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who has promised to deliver more affordable and better health services.
As drugs in the open market are expensive, the government provides more than one-third of India's 2.1 million HIV/AIDS patients with free antiretroviral drugs that are procured from pharmaceutical companies via a tender process.
Delays in approving such tenders has left the National AIDS Control Organisation (NACO) scrambling to secure supplies of tenofovir/lamivudine tablets that are prescribed to thousands of patients during initial stages of treatment.
"We are also fed up. What to do? There are so many bureaucratic hurdles. The file goes to so many tables, and so many comments," NACO Deputy Director General A.S. Rathore said.
Several sources, company executives and documents revealed that a tender for the medicine was approved last week, but supplies normally take at least 60 days to reach patients, which in this case would take it to late November.
NACO had raised the demand in January, Rathore said.
Patients and activists complained of shortages of several HIV drugs in September, forcing one group to send a legal notice to India's health secretary, Lov Verma. Verma directed NACO to take stock of the programme and said on Sept. 4 that the situation was not as grave as activists described.
However, Rathore said on Tuesday that the programme had only 1.6 months of tenofovir/lamivudine tablets in stock on Sept. 4. That means, supplies will run out in about 20 days from now.
As of Sept. 24, 10 Indian states had less than a month of stocks of such tablets, data available on NACO's website showed.
NACO is now leaning on companies - including Aurobindo Pharma, one of the manufacturers that has been awarded the contract - to help avert a crisis.
Asked about the consequences if supplies run out, Rathore said: "If they don't give medicines, we can't make medicines, we can't do anything. If stocks won't be there, they won't be there."
India had the third-largest number of people living with HIV in the world at the end of 2013, according to the UN AIDS programme, and it accounts for more than half of all AIDS-related deaths in the Asia-Pacific. In 2012, 140,000 people died in India because of AIDS.
The government has been providing free antiretroviral drugs for HIV treatment since 2004, but only 50 per cent of those eligible for the treatment were getting it in 2012, according to a report by the World Health Organisation .
'WORKING AGAINST TIME'
Other than bureaucratic delays, Rathore said poor coordination between NACO and the state centres that dispense the medicines had made it difficult to collate data on the real supply-demand situation.
Documents showed government officials referring to the situation as a "crisis" several times in September and were seeking emergency donations to fill the gap.
Page 1 of 2

Tamil Nadu CM Panneerselvam writes to PM Modi on fishermen issuePress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: October 1, 2014 3:48 pm
Newly-appointed Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam has requested Prime Minister Narendra Modi to take steps to secure the release of 20 Indian fishermen and 75 boats from the custody of Sri Lankan authorities.
In his first letter to Modi after assuming office, Panneerselvam referred to the arrest of total 20 fishermen by the island nation on two separate occasions last month.
He also acknowledged the efforts of jailed AIADMK chief and former chief minister J Jayalalithaa as well as the Union Government in securing the release of fishermen from Lankan jails on Wednesday.
“The impending advent of the North East monsoon mandates their immediate release to prevent further damage and deterioration,” the Chief Minister said.
On September 28, Jayalalithaa loyalist and Tamil Nadu Finance Minister O Panneerselvam was chosen to be the chief minister after the AIADMK supremo was convicted and sent to jail for four years in a Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate asset case.
Panneerselvam referred to the arrest of total 20 fishermen by the island nation on two separate occasions last month.

Sumitra Mahajan bats for schemes to ensure better care for elderlyPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 4:05 pm
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan on Wednesday batted for introducing a scheme to ensure that the elderly get nutritious food on the lines of the one for the children.
Addressing a programme on the occasion of International Day of Older Persons, she also suggested development of such colonies where old age homes and orphanages can be put up together.
“We provide nutritious food to children. It is necessary for the old also to get good nutritious food. Some new plans can be chalked out in this regard,” Mahajan said in the presence of Social Justice Minister Thaawar Chand Gehlot and his deputy Sudarshan Bhagat here.
India has launched Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) Scheme in 1975 with objectives to improve the nutritional and health status of children in the age-group 0-6 years and to lay the foundation for proper psychological, physical and social development of the child.
Noting that the challenges faced by aged are manifold and multi-faceted, the Speaker said their separation from the rest of the family due to various reasons including their children’s job responsibilities causes psychological trauma for them.
“Going by the conditions before us, we have to think about creation of such colonies where both elderly and orphan children can live together,” she said.
The Speaker also said there is need for good old age homes where the neglected people can be comfortable and feel at home.
“There can also be a facility where old age homes and orphanages can be put up together so that the old can meet children,” Mahajan said at the function organised by the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment.
She asked all sections of the society, particularly youth, to empathise with the cause of the elderly and to contribute for their betterment.
Mahajan was addressing a programme on the occasion of International Day of Older Persons on Wednesday.

Modis US tour  understood through Bollywood postersPrint
Express LOL | Posted: October 1, 2014 3:30 pm
Narendra Modi has completed a whirlwind 5 day tour of the US, and he has certainly charmed his way into a million NRI hearts. In case you missed the highlights of his tour, here’s a new way to look at it – with the help of customized Bollywood movie posters!

Re near 62: Five stocks that returned upto 36%You are here: Home > Collections
Top 5 tech stocks that outperformed ahead of Q2 results
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 01.46PM IST
(Hopes of pick-up in the US…)
MUMBAI: The Indian IT sector, has been giving consistent results for the past few years. It has been one of the few sectors to have outperformed cyclicals in post election market.
Earnings have been stable for most of the companies and with Vishal Sikka at helm of affairs, things are expected to improve for Infosys.
Most investors who entered the market on hopes of economic revival shifted to IT sector after the cyclicals failed to deliver good results in previous quarter.
Hopes of pick-up in the US economy and a strengthening US dollar against other currency basket have been the main drivers for the sector.
The BSE IT Index has surged over 17 per cent in last quarter and recently hit an all-time high of 10,749.35.
The US dollar Index is at 86 and if the momentum continues, the Indian currency is likely to depreciate further. The rupee against the US dollar has slipped close to 62 level. According to analysts, if FII outflows continue then the rupee may even fall to 63 per dollar in near to medium term.
Mindtree, Persistent Systems, Tech Mahindra, Infosys and TCS are the top five performers in the last three months in BSE IT Index. Following are the brokerages view on these stocks after Q1 results:
Mindtree:
In a meeting hosted by Kotak Institutional Equities for Mindtree in September, the management had reiterated (1) aspirations of industry-leading revenue growth, (2) comfort in maintaining margins at constant currency and (3) prospects of better growth in a challenged hi-tech vertical.
"The Mindtree stock had a strong run over the past 12 months and now trades at 16X FY2016E earnings. Focused strategy, solid deal wins and an ability to compete at par with much larger peers in its chosen areas will ensure solid revenue growth for Mindtree," the report said.
"Mindtree is likely to be the fastest-growing company under KIE's technology coverage in the next couple of years. Strong growth will sustain premium multiples," it added.
According to Kotak Securities, the valuations of the company are at a premium but deserved for consistency and leadership in growth. It has a price target of Rs 1,180 on the stock.
Persisten Systems:
Analysts at Prabhudas Lilladher recently interacted with the management of the company to understand the demand environment and possible impact due to seasonality.
According to the management, Q2FY15 is turning out to be a strong quarter compared to Q1FY15 with positive margin bias despite wage hike. However, a slow start to the year may restrict a strong beat to NASSCOM guidance.
"We expect PSYS' revenue momentum to improve during the course of year with margin improvement. Moreover, IP revenue can accelerate earnings. However, our estimate has factored in most of the positives and sees limited scope of upgrade in the near term. We retain our "Accumulate" rating," the report said.
The brokerage has a price target of Rs 1,450 on the stock.
Tech Mahindra:
CLSA remains skeptical about Tech Mahindra's margin recovery prospects after its 500bps decline. According to the brokerage, as the company lacks depth in key verticals and has only average capabilities in digital/SMAC, it less-than-confident about Tech Mahindra's sustainable organic growth.
"Tech Mahindra remains a weak business that should trade at 14x one-year forward PE (0.5standard deviation above its 10-year and two-year average and a 20 per cent discount to tier-1 players). As the recent share price rally appears unwarranted and we downgrade our call from Underperform to SELL," the report said.
The brokerage has a price target of Rs 2200 on the stock.
 
Infosys:
Reliance Securities is of the view that the company is likely to approach near industry-level growth by FY2016E based on: 1) focus around high-growth IMS line with a clear digital strategy, 2) stability in attrition with clarity within the leadership structure, 3) greater competitive intensity in chasing deals, 4) bundled-services strategy for chasing large-deals and 5) availability of multiple margin-levers.
"With the new leadership structure and new CEO at the helm of affairs, we expect the management to announce the growth strategy for the company ahead. We believe that the company is likely to unveil a bundled strategy around ADM, IMS and SMAC service-lines and is likely to increase its competitive intensity around securing large-deals," the report said.
The brokerage has a 'Buy' on the stock with a target of Rs 4,150.
TCS:
Tata Consultancy Services has reiterated that FY2015 would be better than FY2014 even on an organic basis.
TCS has already delivered strong numbers for Q1FY2015 with a 5.5 per cent Q-o-Q growth. For Q2FY2015 also it expects to deliver around 5.5 per cent sequential growth on an organic basis. Including the consolidation of the Mitsubishi JV (which contributes $100 million), the growth will be over 7 per cent.
According to Sharekhan, the stock trades a little over 20.5x FY2016E earnings. In view of the potential for improvement in the demand environment and the overall improvement in market sentiment, it expects TCS to get re-rated because of its strong leadership position.
"We raise our price target to Rs 2,900, which is 22x the FY2016E earnings. We maintain our Buy rating on the stock, which remains our top pick in the IT sector," the report said.
Company Returns % Mindtree  35.90    Persistent Systems  31.48    Tech Mahindra  18.23    Infosys  16.80    TCS  15.96
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 5 pharma stocks that propelled BSE Healthcare index to lifetime high5 Pharma stocks that propelled BSE Healthcare to lifetime high
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 04.07PM IST
Tags:
Healthcare
(Despite the concerns of…)
MUMBAI: The BSE Healthcare Index is at fresh all-time high today even as valuations of some companies in the index looks a little stretched. Investors came back to the sector after the Q1 results of sectors such as infrastructure, metals and PSU banks failed to deliver.
"Pharma stocks are clearly far more expensive. They have seen a massive increase in valuations over last two-three years. But the good thing about pharma stocks has been that it has been accompanied by very strong acceleration in earnings. That is what has held up the multiples at a higher level," said Prabhat Awasthi, Head of Equity & MD, India, Nomura Financial Advisories & Securities told ET Now.
Despite the concerns of import alerts from the USFDA and recent drug recalls, the pharma sector has been one of the top performers in last quarter.
"Pharma stocks were in demand throughout the period with the hangover of robust Q1 performances and the rupee depreciation in sync with global currencies keeping interest intact. A visible recovery in domestic formulations also influenced fresh buying," said ICICI Securities report.
Indian companies are gaining market share in global markets. New launches, acquisitions and deals are keeping the momentum going. The recent decline in rupee is expected to boost margins and profitability of export oriented pharma companies.
The rupee has depreciated to close to 62 per dollar on the back of strong demand for the greenback. The initial signs of pick-up in US economy are driving dollars back to the US. If the trend continues, the rupee may depreciate to 63 per dollar level, say analysts.
The BSE Healthcare Index has surged 26.61 per cent in the last quarter and companies such as Cipla, Wockhardt, Lupin, Aurobindo Pharma and Glenmark have outperformed the index in the same period.
Cipla: Cipla showed a sharp uptick last quarter as bullish investors were accumulating the stock. It is one of the seven companies which got licence from Gilead Sciences Inc. to sell blockbuster hepatitis C drug Sovaldi worth $1,000-a-pill medicine at far cheaper price in 91 developing countries.
The recent launch of inhaler Seretide MDI in select EU markets also boosted sentiment in the counter.
"We are fundamentally positive on Cipla and it is among our top picks. For medium term, we are expecting a price target of around Rs 650. We are factoring in a very strong 18 per cent CAGR in revenue growth for FY15-16 and 25 per cent bottomline growth for FY16," said Ajay Bodke, Head-Investment Strategist & Advisory, Prabhudas Lilladher.
Bhavin Shah, CEO, Equirus Securities is confident on the whole story around Cipla's ability to enter various export markets with some of the new products.
"If one takes a two-three-year view, we still see significant upside in Cipla on the back of this new product pipeline. That is why we would continue to recommend that stock. However, purely from a near-term perspective, the upside has been already captured in the recent move," he told ET Now.
Wockhardt:
The stock was a little subdued as compared to peers due to inspection at its manufacturing facility in Chikalthana, near Aurangabad in Maharashtra. The facility has been already facing a ban from the USFDA.
The UK drug regulator MHRA had withdrawn quality certification for the company's Chikalthana plant last year citing manufacturing deficiencies.
However, Ashwin Mohan of ET Now, reported today that that there is some good news for promoter Habil Khorakiwala on the regulatory front.
UK MHRA has told ET NOW that there is no evidence of safety risk from medicines at Wockhardt's India sites. The regulatory body is assessing corrective actions by Wockhardt at India plants towards EU GMP compliance.
Chikalthana plant contributes 5-6 per cent revenues to Wockhardt's UK business. At least 20 brands including Aspirin is manufactured at the company's Chikalthana plant.
According to Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com the market is playing on the recovery and turnaround story of the company.
"There have been some reports that possibly some strategic investors would get in into company. Hopefully after a couple of quarters if we do see some traction on the core earnings, that definitely means that there could be good amount of re-rating. Some sort of gradual accumulation has been happening and once we get a sign of some turnaround happening, the stock can get further re-rating," he told ET Now.
 
Lupin:
Lupin has forged two alliances in the last couple of days: the one with Salix Pharma (Salix) under an in-licencing agreement and the other with Merck Serono (Merck) under an out-licencing agreement.
These alliances indicate the company's intention to fast-track the growth in the emerging markets.

Can Any Indian Company Replicate the Success of Alibabacan any indian company replicate the success of alibaba
We see evidence of success in India: Jeff BezosC.E.O. interview
We want to continue investing in India because we see evidence of success, says Amazon founder CEO.
Jeff Bezos, is a bundle of energy with a loud laugh which he uses to good effect. The founder and CEO of the $74 billion Amazon.com, is completely sold on India. He thinks the Indian e-commerce market has grown by “leaps and bounds” in recent times and the potential is huge.
His positive attitude and approach were clearly evident in his comment that he doesn’t worry about competition but focuses on his customers alone. Or for that matter when he said, in answer to a question, that obstacles are growth opportunities. His last visit to India was in 2009 when he says he spent two weeks, one of which was to show his then 9-year old son around the country. “We had fun,” he laughs recollecting that trip. “There’s so much energy here, I find the country and people energising,” he says in this interview with The Hindu in Bangalore on Sunday. Excerpts:
How do you see the Indian e-commerce market now?
Growing by leaps and bounds, super fast. I think our timing was pretty fortunate. We launched about a year ago and judged by the results of the last year, we did it just right. The team that Amit [Agarwal, Vice-President and Country Head, Amazon India] put together has done a very good job.
Is your experience in India similar to your launch experience in other markets?
It’s better and faster. The reason why we’re making such a big investment in India is because of the evidence of success. If something is working well, we’d like to double down on it. If you had asked me a year ago if we were going to be successful in India, I would have said, “I hope so, I’m optimistic”. Today, I can tell you, it is already happening. Second, as excited as I am about this business in India, Amazon has a lot of really great businesses and I think they’re all important. I love all my children.(laughs).
Will we see your B2B marketplace, Amazon Supply, starting in India following your good experience with the B2C business?
I think you should stay tuned on that. What I would say is that over time I expect to take everything that works in any of our geographies and try to get them to work in all our geographies. If you’re talking of industrial supplies then I don’t see why they couldn’t over time be in India.
You once said in an interview that you believe in planting the seeds and then waiting for them to grow into trees…
Some of them grow into trees, some of them never even sprout. We plant a lot of seeds. If you want to be pioneers, if you want to do new things that nobody has ever done, you should be willing to fail. If you’re going to have some big successes — and we’ve had more than our fair share — you need to be oriented to experiment a lot. Experiments are not going to be expensive. Things won’t get expensive once they begin to work. India is getting a big investment now (from Amazon) but that’s because it’s working.
You’ve just announced a $2 billion infusion into your Indian operations and this closely follows your competitor in India, Flipkart, securing $1 billion in funding recently. Are we seeing the familiar strategy of committing large investments into developing the business without regard to short-term profitability?
Roughly speaking, yes. What we do is, when we see that things are working, if we have ideas of how to invest further, we would like to do that. We want to continue investing in things that are working very well. If things aren’t working, we’ll stop investing in them.
So does that mean that you will continue to invest more in the local operations?
Well, yes, $2 billion is a lot, it’s a very big investment. But these guys [points to Amit Agarwal] have already thought on how to use that — infrastructure, logistics, transportation, fulfillment centres, mobile, which is super important in India. India is super unusual in the number of small and medium businesses that are here. These guys [points to Amit Agarwal] have a number of ideas on how to make it easy for small and medium businesses. These are physical businesses, not online ones and we are developing tools to make it easier for these businesses to participate in the digital economy and meet millions of customers. So, all of those things require investment.
You’ve built up your business on the promise of same-day or next-day delivery in the U.S. Given the logistical constraints here, India must be a challenge for you?
When we started in more established geographies like the U.S., we weren’t delivering in two days. We were delivering in, like, 7-10 days. You start with what you can and then improve. The second thing is that whenever there are obstacles to give a customer experience, then our job as inventors is to invent a solution to each one of those obstacles. If you think about it that way, the obstacles are not problems, they are opportunities.
What are the chances of seeing your much-talked about drone deliveries in India some time in the future?
I know that there were a lot of rumours that my visit now was to launch drone deliveries but they are strange rumours! (laughs). I’m very excited in the long-term about drone deliveries. We’ve made a lot of progress on the technology side and we need to see progress on the regulation side. The technology is one thing but there also needs to be a set of rules and regulations in place to make sure that drone deliveries are safe. We’re waiting for approvals to start the service in the U.S. as of now.
What is it that’s going to differentiate you from someone like Flipkart in India?
We’ll just continue to focus on those things that we think are important to customers. I think that selection is important; making sure that the service we offer to small and medium businesses as we connect them with buyers remains defect-free; make it so low-cost that those people then can afford to offer customers at lower prices; making sure that our delivery is fast and reliable and doing all this over and over again. That approach has worked in many places.
You are head-to-head with Google in many categories such as digital advertising, cloud services, smart devices and so on. How do you see this battle playing out?
We have a long-standing practice at Amazon that instead of focusing on other companies we try and stay focused on our customers. I feel that is the right approach. All companies have their annual planning processes that start with questions like “who are our three biggest competitors”, “what strategy to adopt to defeat them” and so on but that is not how we operate. I don’t wake up in the morning thinking about that.
It is difficult for me to answer a question like that because it is not how we operate the company or think about things. We go about our own business and try and understand what the needs of our customers are and invent ways to satisfy those needs better and better.
You don’t see this chance of running into this giant called Google somewhere along the way in your main businesses?
I would more generally say that everywhere in the world we do business and every arena in which we do business, we’ve always had great competition.
And I do not think that’s going to change. That’s the steady state and the way of the world and I think it’s the way it should be and I’m happy about it.
Do we see you launching devices such as Fire TV in India anytime soon?
I can’t give you any particular road map but our approach is that if we have a service offering in a particular geography we’ll try and offer it everywhere. That’s all I can say.
Your Fire phone did not exactly set the market on fire. Any thoughts?
Well, I think you should reserve your judgment on that. I think we have a real world-class hardware team. We’ve been in the hardware business for 10 years. Kindle has become a huge success — we’ve had seven generations of Kindle, four generations of Fire tablets, one generation of Fire TV and Fire phone. These things are super-early. Ask me in five years! (laughs).
What was your strategy in acquiring Twitch for a billion dollars? It again sets you up directly in competition with Google.
Twitch, first of all, is led by total missionaries, people who care about the customer experiences as much as we do at Amazon. When we go to acquire a company we always try to figure out if they are missionaries or mercenaries! (laughs). Second, they have invented a completely new kind of entertainment from scratch, which is remarkable. Just like people watch sports, they also like to watch and participate when really skilled gamers play. We have lots of initiatives in Amazon in the game space.
Gaming is a big use of the Fire tablet and Fire TV. We think there are a lot of opportunities there to do more. But first and foremost, we want Twitch to do what Twitch does. We’ve had great success with acquiring companies and then leaving them alone. (laughs)
raghuvir.s@thehindu.co.in

Titan Expecting Strong Jewellery Sales in Q2You are here: Home » Video »
Video
Titan Expecting Strong Jewellery Sales in Q2
Published On:                  September 29, 2014                 | Duration: 8 min, 43 sec
Tweet
S. Subramaniam, CFO of Titan, said growth in jewellery sales is likely to be high in the second quarter as many customers are opting to buy jewellery after redemption of gold schemes. Apart from that the sentiment is also pick up, he added.

Was  Too Big to Fail  Legal Trial Will Probewas  too big to fail  legal trial will probe
Four ways to keep your backers happy after a crowdfunding campaign0
It's also tempting to entertain ideas for second product versions, distribution and other opportunities too soon. Take the time to assess these opportunities yet stay aware of how they impact your short-term fulfillment capabilities. Your objective is to ship your product. Then, focus on growing from a successful launch.
Tip 2: Keep your backers in the loop
Your backers share your vision and passion. Even though they are not investors in the traditional sense, backers are a part of the journey and will want to participate as much as possible.
The key to keeping backers happy is communication. Even when we thought we were communicating consistently, it still wasn't enough. While it's easy to get bogged down in development or conserve your message for proprietary reasons, make every effort to provide detailed updates on a frequent basis. This will assure your backers that things are rolling and that it's all part of the crowdfunding process.
This becomes particularly important if your launch date pushes out. On average, crowdfunded projects that fulfill their perks do so 90 days after the original target date. If you don't communicate enough during the development phase, you could see a turning point where backers become anxious. We learned that the best approach is to share as many details as possible and keep communication consistent. This gives you the best chance of keeping backers positive leading up to the launch.
Tip 3: Plan ahead for customer support and bug fixes
In a perfect world, every launch goes exactly as planned and users sing your praises. The reality is that all startup product launches have bugs. Your team will be small due to operating on discounted funds from your campaign. This puts extra pressure on creating an efficient customer service strategy.
Break your support efforts into web support, customer service and bug reporting. First, your website should have documentation, FAQs, photos and videos on how to use the product or service ahead of the launch. Make sure it is easy to find. Second, document potential issues and their solutions for your customer service team so they understand how best to help customers. Third, create a plan to record bugs from users, consolidate them for the development team and to communicate fixes to users via updates and customer service team.
Remember, your backers will expect a few bugs and they'll be thrilled if you have the resources ready to solve problems quickly and efficiently.
Tip 4: The bridge from campaign funds and your next round
Your ability to cultivate a second income stream quickly after launch could be the difference between a thriving business and fifteen minutes of fame.
For most crowdfunded startups, there comes a time when your initial funds run low. This can happen before or just after your launch. The result is a gap between your initially crowdsourced funds and your next round of funding. Financing will likely not be an option.
The key is to identify additional revenue sources that will help you obtain new orders after launch. If you offer hardware and media perks, consider selling direct on your website and on Amazon.com. If you developed software, try to regenerate the buzz from your campaign and drive sales on your site.
There's no doubt that crowdfunding has created new opportunities for startups that could never have been possible otherwise. From start to finish, it's a great vehicle that makes innovation possible and allows you to build a sustainable business. To get there, you'll have to carefully navigate the post-campaign phase to strategically position yourself for long-term success.
Andrew Thomas is co-founder of SkyBell, a home automation startup pioneering a Wi-Fi video doorbell that allows users to answer their front door from a smartphone.

Uber to use regular taxi drivers in GermanyUber to use regular taxi drivers in Germany
Uber
KAI PFAFFENBACH
An illustration picture shows the logo of car-sharing service app Uber on a smartphone next to the picture of an official German taxi sign.
An illustration picture shows the logo of car-sharing service app Uber on a smartphone next to the picture of an official German taxi sign. (KAI PFAFFENBACH)
By Harro ten Wolde, Reuters
Uber
Uber said it would start its UberTaxi service in Berlin and Hamburg before rolling it out in other cities.
Online transportation company Uber said on Monday it would offer services using regular, licensed taxi drivers in Germany, where taxi associations have been trying to stop it operating.
Uber said it would start its UberTaxi service — which uses regular taxi drivers to pick up rides in their down time — in Berlin and Hamburg before rolling it out in other cities.
Caption Uber's Chicago office
Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014
Detail of a desk of an Uber employee at the company's new space in Chicago.
Detail of a desk of an Uber employee at the company's new space in Chicago. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014)
Caption Uber's Chicago office
Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014
Uber employees Elyse Knopf (left) and Birju Kadakia chat at the company's new space at 370 N. Carpenter in Chicago.
Uber employees Elyse Knopf (left) and Birju Kadakia chat at the company's new space at 370 N. Carpenter in Chicago. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014)
Caption TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2014
Steve Jennings / Getty Images for TechCrunch / Sept. 8, 2014
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick (L) and TechCrunch Founder Michael Arrington speak onstage at TechCrunch Discrupt at Pier 48 in San Francisco, Calif.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick (L) and TechCrunch Founder Michael Arrington speak onstage at TechCrunch Discrupt at Pier 48 in San Francisco, Calif. (Steve Jennings / Getty Images for TechCrunch / Sept. 8, 2014)
Caption Uber's Chicago office
Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014
Uber employees relax during an open house at the company's new 16,000 sq. foot space at 370 N. Carpenter in Chicago.
Uber employees relax during an open house at the company's new 16,000 sq. foot space at 370 N. Carpenter in Chicago. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014)
Caption Uber's Chicago office
Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014
An Uber employee walks past a chalkboard adorned with a car at the company's new 16,000 sq. foot space at 370 N. Carpenter in Chicago.
An Uber employee walks past a chalkboard adorned with a car at the company's new 16,000 sq. foot space at 370 N. Carpenter in Chicago. (Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune / July 8, 2014)
See more galleries
While UberTaxi's prices often undercut those of the regular taxi organizations trying to block the company, the service can benefit individual drivers by finding them passengers at times they would otherwise have been waiting on a stand.
The UberTaxi service is already running in London and New York and Uber is starting it in Germany after attempts to launch other services were blocked.
Courts in Berlin and Hamburg have banned Uber's classic low-cost, limousine pick-up service UberBlack as well as UberPop, a newer ride-sharing service that links private drivers with passengers.
The courts said Uber's drivers did not comply with German law for the commercial transportation of passengers.

Sonia Gandhi denies role in Congress-NCP alliance break upCongress president Sonia Gandhi along with party Vice President Rahul Gandhi meeting with flood affected people at Dehruna village of Anantnag district of South Kashmir on Monday. (Source: PTI Photo)
Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: September 30, 2014 4:28 pm | Updated: September 30, 2014 4:39 pm
UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday denied any role into the break up of Congress alliance with Nationalist Congress Party in Maharashtra.
” Neither because of me, nor Rahul or the Congress,” she said when asked about NCP leader Sharad Pawar’s statement holding Rahul Gandhi responsible for breaking of their alliance with Congress.
Sonia along with AICC vice president Rahul Gandhi had been on two day tour of flood hit areas of Jammu Kashmir. After visiting Valley on Monday, both on Tuesday flew to border Poonch district to take stock of the damage caused by flood fury there. They met the families affected by floods and distrusted relief among them at Poonch and in Surankote.
Later at Jammu also, they met and distributed relief among some victims of recent rains and floods who had come from other districts.
About relief from Centre, Sonia Gandhi said that everybody was participating in distribution of relief.The Congress workers are involved…the Youth Congress workers are involved.
“I do not want to do politics over the issue. The bigger issue before us today is how to rehabilitate these people,” she added.

Reliance Communications to reduce debt to under Rs.20  000 croreUpdated: September 30, 2014 19:33 IST
Reliance Communications to reduce debt to under Rs.20, 000 crore
IANS
PTI Anil Ambani, Chairman of Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group, speaks during the Annual General Meeting of Reliance Communications, in Mumbai on Tuesday.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Ambani also said the company would participate in the spectrum auctions due next year to be able to launch 4G (fourth generation) telecommunications services in the country.
Reliance Communications targets to bring its debt to under Rs.20,000 crore in the next 24 months, its chairman Anil Ambani told shareholders at the annual general meeting here Tuesday.
The company had a debt of Rs.35, 500 crore as of August 14.
Ambani also said the company would participate in the spectrum auctions due next year to be able to launch 4G (fourth generation) telecommunications services in the country.
Reliance Communications shares closed Rs.98.90 per share, down 0.80 percent in the Bombay Stock Exchange at 4 p.m. Tuesday.

Monsoon Season Ends With 12% DeficitMeasures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
New Delhi: India's worst monsoon season in five years ended on Tuesday and despite a large rainfall deficit, a delayed finish is expected to improve soil moisture and sowing prospects for winter crops.
The summer grain harvest in one of the world's leading consumers and producers is forecast to be lower than last year's due to a weak start of the June-September monsoon rain season.
But the harvest will be enough to allow the government to continue unrestricted grain exports and to rein in food prices in the world's second most populous country.
The monsoon is the main determinant of rural spending on all consumer goods as two-thirds of India's 1.2 billion people live in villages as well as directly affecting food prices.
"Grain supplies are unlikely to drop to a level that would trigger double-digit inflation," said P K Joshi, director for South Asia of International Food Policy Research Institute.
Monsoon rains are vital because the farm sector accounts for 14 per cent of the national economy and half of India's farmland lacks irrigation. A revival in the monsoon since late July eased food inflation to 5.15 per cent in August from 8.43 per cent in the previous month.
"A late surge in the monsoon has helped evade a widespread drought though the huge starting deficit in rainfall couldn't bring down the gap to a single digit level," said L S Rathore, director general of the India Meteorological Department (IMD).
The four-month long monsoon season ended with 12 per cent below average rainfall, making it the worst in five years.
A shaky start to the season lead to a 43 per cent shortfall in rain in the first month, but that deficit shrank to a tenth below average each in the two key planting months of July and August due to the late surge in the summer rains.
A delay in the retreat from the grain bowl northwest India had helped the monsoon show an eight per cent surplus in September, boosting prospects of winter crops such as wheat and rapeseed, grown in irrigated areas where the rains filled up water levels in reservoirs.
Rains at the end of the summer are seen boosting 2014-15 rice yields after patchy rain during the first half and flash floods in the second half led India's farm ministry to forecast a 4 per cent year-on-year drop in output to 88 million tonnes.
"This year's monsoon has escaped a drought from agricultural point of view but the poor first half will have a bearing on the summer harvests," farm commissioner J S Sandhu said.
He sounded an optimistic note on overall food supplies for the current crop year to June as the delayed finish would benefit winter sown crops over the summer harvests.
A wet run in the monsoon also caused flash floods in a host of states in northern and eastern India including Kashmir. Floods in Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Assam and Odisha killed hundreds, and made thousands homeless.
The dry run in the first half forced two states in north India - Haryana and Uttar Pradesh - to declare droughts, and seek federal government subsidies on diesel to run pumps for irrigation.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Petrol Price Cut by 65 Paise a Litre; Diesel UntouchedYou are here: Home Industries
Petrol Price Cut by 65 Paise a Litre; Diesel Untouched
NDTV | Updated On: September 30, 2014 23:44 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
The price of petrol was cut by 65 paise per litre on Tuesday, while that of diesel was kept unchanged. The revised rates will be effective from midnight.
"RSP of petrol in Delhi shall decrease by Rs 0.65/litre (including VAT), with corresponding decrease in other states," Indian Oil Corp, the country's largest fuel retailer, said in a statement.
Diesel price revision was kept on hold till Prime Minister's return from the US, Press Trust of India reported. Mr Modi is on his first US visit since coming to power in May this year. This would be the first reduction in diesel prices in over five years.
(Read: Diesel price likely to be cut after 5 years )
The price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was also reduced by Rs 21 per cylinder on the same day. This is the third straight reduction in rates of non-subsidised LPG since July. The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF) or jet fuel was reduced by a steep 3 per cent. ( Read more )
Petrol prices were last revised on August 30 when the fuel was made cheaper by Rs. 1.82 a litre while diesel was made costlier by 50 paise per litre. ( Read more )
Petrol price reduction was on the back of a decline in global oil prices and the current value of the rupee against dollar, Indian Oil said.
"The current levels of international oil prices and rupee-dollar exchange rate warrant a decrease in selling price of petrol in the domestic market," the statement noted.
Petrol price is market-determined while government controls over-pricing of liquefied petroleum gas, kerosene and diesel led to revenue losses at state fuel marketing companies - IOC, Bharat Petroleum Corp and Hindustan Petroleum Corp.
Since January 2013, diesel prices have been hiked nearly every month by 50 paise a litre. Over the last 20 months, the price of the fuel has been hiked 19 times, resulting in a total increase of Rs. 11.81 per litre
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 21:00 (IST)

Governor Raghuram Rajan Cites Inflation Risks  Holds RatesYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Governor Raghuram Rajan Cites Inflation Risks, Holds Rates
Published On:                  September 30, 2014                 | Duration: 39 min, 28 sec

Verdict on Coal Block Allocation to Impact Bottom Line: Monnet IspatYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Verdict on Coal Block Allocation to Impact Bottom Line: Monnet Ispat
Published On:                  September 29, 2014                 | Duration: 8 min, 10 sec
Tweet
Ajay Bhat, group CFO at Monnet Ispat & Energy, speaks to NDTV about the impact of the Supreme Court's verdict in the coal block allocation case. Three blocks allocated to the company will get affected. Of which, one was operational and two were up for mining. The company has applied for coal linkages and this order is expected to impact the bottom line by Rs 100 crore, he says. The company has made huge investments and seeks clarity on the issue of land which belongs to it, he adds.

Jag_cz / Shutterstock / Jag_czjag_cz / shutterstock / jag_cz
eBay to spin off PayPal in 2015SAN JOSE, (California), September 30, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 00:12 IST
eBay to spin off PayPal in 2015
AP
Reuters Dan Schulman, the president of the enterprise growth group at American Express, will be the new president at PayPal, effective immediately. File Photo
TOPICS
EBay said that its board decided that the separation was the best path for growth and shareholder value creation for each business.
PayPal is splitting from eBay and will become a separate and publicly traded company next year.
Almost a year after billionaire Carl Icahn opened a proxy fight pushing for the spinoff of PayPal, eBay President and CEO John Donahoe said Tuesday that, “The industry landscape is changing, and each business faces different competitive opportunities and challenges.”
Donahoe will not have a management roll in either company, but will oversee the separation, expected to be completed in the second half of 2015. He may also have a seat on the board at one or both of the boards of the two companies, along with eBay Chief Financial Officer Bob Swan.
EBay, based in San Jose, California, said that the separation was the best path for growth and shareholder value creation for each business.
Mobile payment technology is getting red hot, with Apple’s recent entry into the space. PayPal is available in 203 markets worldwide and is on track to process 1 billion mobile payments in 2014.
“A thorough strategic review with our board shows that keeping eBay and PayPal together beyond 2015 clearly becomes less advantageous to each business strategically and competitively,” Donahoe said.
Shares of eBay soared more than 11 percent to $58.60 before the opening bell, close to its high for the year.
Dan Schulman, an executive at American Express, will be the new president at PayPal, effective immediately. The 56—year—old will become PayPal’s CEO once the separation takes place.
Devin Wenig, currently president of eBay Marketplaces, will become CEO of the new EBay Inc. He will lead the eBay Marketplaces and eBay Enterprise businesses.

Firm faces fine over historical firehouse renovation0
A March inspection found that the company did not follow regulations regarding asbestos, such as failing to visibly identify and limit access to areas with asbestos material. Also, asbestos materials were not collected in sealed, labeled and waterproof bags, OSHA said.
“Exposure to asbestos can cause loss of lung function and cancer, among other serious health effects, and workers must be trained in procedures that minimize exposure. Workers should never be put at risk because a company failed to protect them from a known, dangerous substance,” Kathy Webb, OSHA’s area director in Calumet City, said in a statement.
Electrical safety violations found at the site included a lack of ground fault circuit interrupters, open electrical panels, and failure to protect temporary wiring, OSHA said.
Structure Development Midwest has 15 business days to comply, request a conference with OSHA’s area director, or contest the findings.
Structure Development Midwest and Structure Management LLC could not be immediately reached for comment on Tuesday.
jwohl@tribune.com

Epilogue: Crouching Tiger on screens giant and smallBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 30 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
I am tremendously excited for “Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: The Green Legend”: Ang Lee’s 2000 wuxia movie is one of my favorite films, and I dearly wish the source material, Wang Dulu’s “Iron Crane Pentology,” was available in an English translation in the United States. And I am totally fascinated by the deal that means it is going to come out streaming on Netflix and in Imax theaters simultaneously .
Channing Tatum in “Jupiter Ascending.” (Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.)
We have seen moves in this direction happening for a while. Netflix is increasingly buying up documentaries for first-run release, in part because HBO is doing the same. But this seems like the first distribution arrangement that is geared towards two different kinds of consumption preferences: audiences at home who do not particularly care about seeing movies on a regular old big screen, and film connoisseurs who are going to want to see this particular movie on the biggest screen possible.
So I am curious: How do you prefer to watch movies? Would you skip the multi-plex (or not-so-multi-plex) entirely, if you could? And if you prefer to see certain movies on a screen larger than one you could possibly fit in your house, which ones get you out to the theater and why?
• The Chinese movie box office is growing like crazy , if you had any doubt that what Chinese audiences (and international audiences generally) want will play a huge role in what we see in years to come.
• The chief executive officer of the Atlanta Symphony has quit .
• I am glad to hear that Lena Dunham has reversed course and is going to pay the artists appearing with her on her book tour.
• PayPal will spin off from eBay next year , I would expect in part because the electronic payments business is going to be bigger than the online auctions business.

The SEC has charged two men with insider trading after they learned that hedge fund manager Bill Ackman was betting against the stock.the sec has charged two men with insider trading after they learned that hedge fund manager bill ackman was betting against the stock.
Shares of Companies Testing Ebola Vaccines RiseAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

A mini-op-ed on Apples new encryption policyComments
By Stewart Baker September 30
The New York Times asked me to comment on Apple’s encryption policy on  its Room for Debate page , where op-eds are half the normal size.   Here’s the link  and here’s what I said:
Apple is a lot like a teenager getting Edward Snowden’s name tattooed up her arm. The excitement will die, but the regrets will last. For all of us.
Most Americans believe in privacy from government searches, but not for criminals. The Constitution protects a citizen’s “houses, papers and effects” only until a judge finds probable cause that the citizen has committed a crime. This year, the Supreme Court ruled that the police need a warrant to search cellphones seized at the time of arrest. But with Apple’s new encryption, probable cause and a warrant will be of little help to the police who seize a suspect’s iPhone and want to search it.
That decision should not be left to Apple alone. And it won’t be.
Companies do not want to give their employees the power to roam corporate networks in secrecy. And even if they did, their regulators wouldn’t let them. If Apple wants to sell iPhones for business use, it will have to give companies a way to read their employees’ business communications. Corporate IT departments won’t welcome a technology that could help workers hide misdeeds from their employer.
And as a global company, Apple is subject to regulation and market pressure everywhere. If China doesn’t like Apple’s new policy, it can ban the iPhone or simply encourage China’s mobile carriers to slow Apple’s already weak sales there. Even democracies like India, and U.S. allies like the United Arab Emirates, have shown the determination and the clout to force changes in phone makers’ security choices.
So if Apple wants to sell its iPhone everywhere, it will have to compromise. But then what? Will it really give China’s authoritarian regime more access to iPhone data than it gives to American police trying to stop crimes in this country?
And if so, how will its management sleep at night?

MARCOS BRINDICCI / Reutersmarcos brindicci / reuters
SBI cuts short-term deposit rates to 6 pct effective October 7E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

2 suicide bomber attacks in Kabul kill 7  wound 21Afghan security forces inspect the site of a suicide attack near the International Airport of Kabul, Afghanistan, Monday, Sept. 29, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Kabul | Posted: October 1, 2014 9:32 am
Afghan police say two suicide bombers in the capital have targeted two buses carrying Afghan army troops, killing seven and wounding 21 people.
Kabul criminal investigation police chief Mohammad Farid Afzali says first attacker Wednesday morning hit a bus with Afghan National Army officers, killing seven and wounding 15 in west Kabul.
The second attacker, who was also on foot, blew himself up in front of a second bus in northeast Kabul, wounding additional army personnel.
Taliban spokesman Zabiullha Mhujahid has claimed responsibility for the attacks.

The making of a new India: Our safety lies in our diversityComments
To get a sense of where India might be headed under Narendra Modi, it is important, first, to grasp the profound significance of the 2014 general election verdict that brought him to power with such a decisive and unprecedented popular mandate. For, it seems, the true meaning of the change that Modi's triumph represents has not fully sunk in yet, especially in liberal circles where it is regarded as simply another blip in the electoral cycle. No, it is not.
Certainly, at one level, the vote was against a bumbling, and leaderless Congress, but, at a deeper level, it implied a comprehensive repudiation of Nehruvian India in favour of a "new" - supposedly more entrepreneurial, development-oriented and laissez-faire - India unencumbered by left-liberal ideological baggage. Today, the country stands precariously poised at a point where having voted for a decisive break with the past it is waiting expectantly to be led into the new promised land.
In his famous speech, announcing the dawn of independence on the midnight of August 15, 1947, Jawaharlal Nehru said: "A moment comes which comes but rarely in history when we step out from the old to the new." This may not be quite the same moment but expectations are almost as high. So, what does the roadmap look like? And what does this momentous change mean for society at large, generally, and for religious minorities and marginalised communities, in particular?
Let me make it clear that I don't subscribe to the sort of  apocalyptic scenarios being bandied about by people who have their own axes to grind. The notion that the country is going to become thoroughly "saffronised"  and a narrow monochromatic idea of India will swallow up  the country 's rich cultural diversity is nonsense for the simple reason that this diversity itself will act as a brake on any such attempt. Only recently, we saw this in relation to the sly move to impose Hindi when government departments were told to give primacy to Hindi in official communications. The backlash from the non-Hindi speaking regions was instant and so strong that the government was forced to drop it.
Somehow, the term   "diversity" has come to be used misleadingly to refer to diversity as represented only by non-Hindus, notably minority groups with their distinct religious and cultural identities. And from this it follows that any assault on this diversity is a Hindu conspiracy against those groups. The reality, though, is that the biggest source of diversity is Hinduism itself, and Hindus will be the first to resist if there is an attempt to slam the RSS brand of Hindu culture on them.
The future of secularism in  "new India'' has sparked frenzied speculation, especially about what lies in store for Muslims. It is being said, for instance, that "frightened" Muslims are spending "sleepless nights" as they ponder their place in a "saffronised'' India amid fears that they will be reduced to second class citizens. Apparently in Pakistan the buzz is that Indian Muslims are facing their "Zia moment", referring to the military dictator Zia-ul-Haq's programme of Islamisation that led to a crackdown on minorities, including Muslim minority sects. A Pakistani friend told me there was a view that Muslims in India were "reconciled to living as second class citizens under a Hindu nationalist government". He asked me if this was true. My instant response was that this was news to me!
I've always been slightly sceptical of claims regarding Muslim "fears".  During the poll campaign when the media was awash with Muslim  "scare" stories, I wrote that they were exaggerated, inspired partly by the Congress and other parties and partly by the media's own creative interpretation of the Muslim "mood" based on selective interviews. No doubt, there are concerns - and serious concerns - over the polarisation that has occurred in recent months and how it might play out in the future. But I'll come to that in a bit.
Meanwhile, sticking to the road ahead, if I were to take a punt on how the Muslim Question will pan out, say, over the next five years I will reckon it would be pretty much business as usual, unless something dramatically unexpected such as another Gujarat-style incident happens. My advice to the more excitable observers would be to calm down. So far, the Modi government has made all the right noises. Yes, there have been some provocative voices from the fringes of the Sangh Parivar, but it is best to ignore them instead of giving them the oxygen of publicity, so long as there is no evidence of official sanction.
The biggest pleasant surprise in terms of its sheer symbolism was Modi's decision to not only retain the Ministry of Minorities Affairs but to hand it to a Muslim. Najma Heptullah, the minister concerned, made some foolish remarks to the effect that Muslims were not a minority, but there is no need to get too worked up over an individual's views  unless we detect a  change in the government's official policy.  Heptullah's comment was nothing more than a bid to walk a tight rope by a Muslim minister in charge of minority affairs in a right-wing BJP government. Ultimately, the proof of the pudding lies in the eating and so far there is no sign that it is going to taste a lot different from what it did under the Congress though the environment in which it is served may seem less friendly. I asked a senior RSS leader about the Modi government's Muslim policy. He smiled and asked me, in turn, whether I had seen the Union budget. "Did you notice that we didn't touch the outlay for madrassas which was approved by the UPA. It was passed without cutting a single rupee," he said.
During the election campaign, of course, the BJP had  attacked the UPA for providing special funds for Muslim educational schemes calling it "minority appeasement" and vote bank politics. In fact, Modi's government in Gujarat refused to implement one such programme.
In contrast to the campaign rhetoric, however, the official tone so far has been socially inclusive. Surprise, surprise, a BJP legislator has even called for a debate on protecting the rights of the gay community. Ashish Shelar, president of the Mumbai unit of the BJP, has made a distinction between the party's opposition to promoting homosexuality (banned under the law in any case) and the need to protect the legitimate rights of gay people.
"As a BJP leader, I am insisting that we must have a national debate on an issue on which a community of four crore people has been raising its voice for some time," he said.
Coming from a member of a party whose approach to homosexuality is almost medieval, this is a big advance even if Shelar's is an individual voice, though I believe he would not have spoken out so publicly were his views not shared more widely within the party. As the BJP's support base grows, it is bound to come under pressure to moderate its line on a range of social issues hitherto  regarded as no-go zones.
Meanwhile, Modi seems particularly keen to reach out to Dalits and other disadvantaged communities to broaden his party's mass base. Indeed, he has  tried to establish a personal rapport with them by highlighting his own humble caste and economic background - and portraying himself as someone who can identify with the poor and the underprivileged. In his first big speech in the Central Hall of parliament after being elected leader of the BJP parliamentary party, during which he famously broke down, Modi pledged a new deal for them.
"For rural areas, farmers, Dalits (those at the bottom of India's tenacious social hierarchy), the weak and the pained, this government is for them. To meet their aspirations and hopes, this is our responsibility because our weakest, poorest have sent us here," he declared.
So far, so good. But this should not obscure the reality that India has become a more polarised society than it ever was in the past  67 years not only in terms of the left-right political divide but - more ominously - culturally. The idea of Hindu supremacy - the notion that Hindustan belongs to Hindus first - has spread beyond the Hindutva fringe to include large swathes of the liberal Hindu middle class. Modi's promise of change and development may have been the primary factor behind his victory, but it cannot be denied that his campaign was greatly boosted by his carefully cultivated image of a "proud Hindu" ready to stand up to the namby-pamby liberal secular establishment.  "Genuine" secularism demands that the government engage with Muslims and draw them into the mainstream. Congress-style secularism with its vote-bank politics may have been bad, but the alternative should not be a policy that regards addressing the special needs of a socially and economically emasculated religious group as minority appeasement.
The challenge before the Modi government is to give more substance to its slogans, 'Ek Bharat, shresht Bharat'; and 'Sab ke saath, sab ka vikas', and translate them into action so that the country's excluded groups ( not just religious minorities but all marginalised communities such as the Adivasis, Dalits and gays)  feel a sense of belonging. Also Modi's vision of a new India needs to be spelt out more clearly. That will make it a lot easier to figure out the roadmap ahead. At the moment it is a bit hazy, and the view through the haze is of a country in a moment of big transition, but not quite clear about its direction.
Verdict 2014 signals a decisive break from the past, but the nature of the transition is still hazy.
(Hasan Suroor is the author of India's Muslim Spring: Why is Nobody Talking About It?)

RBI Takes Steps to Boost Debt  Currency MarketsYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Takes Steps to Boost Debt, Currency Markets
Reuters | Updated On: September 30, 2014 15:45 (IST)
Measures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said on Tuesday it will gradually lower the ceiling on bonds that can be held-to-maturity (HTM) starting in January, while further easing currency hedging rules for importers in moves to boost trading in markets.
The RBI also announced it would extend the period that foreign investors can settle their over-the-counter government bonds to two days of their trade from one, a measure that traders speculated could be aimed to facilitate the settlement of debt in the Euroclear platform.
India is considering joining Euroclear, the world's largest securities settlement system.
The slew of measures contained in a monetary policy review on Tuesday, demonstrated the RBI's focus on developing markets under Governor Raghuram Rajan.
"The impact of reduction in HTM assets is marginally negative for bonds. There are lots of small things announced, but they are important for the market in the medium term," said Kumar Rachapudi, senior rates strategist with ANZ in Singapore.
The central bank said it would cut the ceiling on bonds that can be held-to-maturity from the current 24 percent to 22 percent in stages, starting in the two-week cycle from Jan. 10, 2015. It expects to complete the process by September 2015.
The action could prompt banks to trade debt more actively as it will reduce the incentive of parking securities until maturity and force lenders to mark more securities to market on a daily basis, leading to potential gains or losses.
The RBI also raised the limit for some importers hedging currency exposure to 100 percent of their average import turnover over the previous three years or the preceding year's import turnover, whichever is higher. The previous limit was at 50 percent.
The central bank also announced several measures related to trading government bonds, including easing rules for short-selling, and said it would continue injecting funds via one-day term repos, or cash-for-loans transactions, to keep money markets less volatile.
The RBI kept its key policy repo rate on hold at 8.0 percent, as widely expected, and also left other major policy tools unchanged.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Rupee nears 7-month low on capital outflowsRupee closes 14 paise higher on dollar sale
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 18:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Recovering from nearly seven-month low level, the rupee on Wednesday closed 14 paise higher at 61.61 against the US currency amid fresh dollar selling by exporters and some banks ahead of long weekend holidays.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.92 and immediately touched a low of 61.95, a level not seen since March 4, 2014 when it had logged an intra-day low of 62.15.
Later, a sudden dollar selling by exporters and some banks pushed the rupee up to a high of 61.58, before settling at 61.61, a net rise of 14 paise or 0.23 per cent from its previous close.
On Tuesday, it had plunged by 22 paise or 0.36 pct.
Meanwhile, the BSE benchmark Sensex closed down by 62.52 points or 0.23 per cent in lacklustre trade, while FPIs/FIIs withdrew $25.50 million on Tuesday, as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group, said: "Today rupee tried to recover from yesterday's fall ahead of the five-day holidays.... Most Asian currencies traded weak against the dollar as it continues to trade at four-year highs.... the rupee posted its fourth weekly fall in a row."
In forward market, premium ended steady to better on stray payments from banks and corporates.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in March closed stable at its overnight level of 234.5-236.5 while far-forward contracts maturing in September, 2015 edged up to 473.5-475.5 paise from 472.5-474.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.7511 and for the euro at 77.9546.
The rupee improved further against the pound to 99.72 from previous close of 99.91 and also strengthened to 77.56 per euro from 77.68. It hardened to 56.05 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.24.
The forex and money markets will remain closed on October 2, 3 and 6 on account of Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi, Dussehra and Bakri Id.

Fitch ups global growth outlook; India up  China downBRIC
(Commenting on the Indian…)
NEW DELHI: Expecting better investment climate in India in the years ahead, Fitch on Wednesday said that GDP growth will pick up to 5.6% in FY15. "India will be the only BRIC country where growth picks up in 2014, to 5.6%, with an expected further increase to 6.5% in 2015 and 2016 due to an expected improvement in business environment," Fitch said.
On the other hand, the ratings agency sees the Chinese economy witnessing a slowdown in the years to come. Fitch expects China's GDP growth to moderate to 7.2% in 2014, 6.8% in 2015 and 6.5% in 2016 as it gradually rebalances while seeking to contain leverage.
Commenting on the Indian economy, Fitch said, "Investment is likely to rise now that political uncertainty has disappeared since the new government came to power last May."
According to Fitch, the expected pick-up seems supported by the 5.7% GDP growth in Q2 (versus 4.6% in Q1), although the election results were announced halfway through the quarter. "The growth impulse of government spending in the run-up to the elections that contributed to growth is likely to be one-off, but a positive sign is an increase in capital expenditure by 7%. The recent rise in GDP growth was supported by industry and financial services, as well as a solid performance of the agricultural sector, not yet affected by the current weak monsoon," it added.
Fitch went on to say that the new government has started rolling out a number of policies, which may improve the efficiency of the bureaucracy and strengthen the investment climate. "However, lifting GDP growth to substantially higher levels would require large productivity gains through implementation of far-reaching reforms by the central and state governments related to governance and product and labour markets, as well as reduction of infrastructure bottlenecks," Fitch explained.
Fitch is of the opinion that the potential for change is substantial, as India ranks the lowest of all 'BBB-' rated sovereigns on the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business indicators and its governance indicators compare unfavourably with peers.
Talking about inflation, Fitch said that the weak monsoon season has had limited impact so far on inflation. "Consumer price inflation (CPI) is gradually declining, but is still high compared with peers at 7.8% in August 2014. Since inflation expectations are more closely related to CPI, the Reserve Bank of India focuses on CPI and targets a "glide path" to 6% by January 2016. In the longer run, a credible low inflation environment would benefit growth by improving the investment environment," it concluded.
Meanwhile, Fitch Ratings forecasts global economic growth to increase to 3% in 2015 and 3.1% in 2016, from 2.6% in 2014, mainly driven by strengthening recovery in the US and eurozone. "However, the growth outlook has weakened somewhat since the June Global Economic Outlook (GEO) and risks remain skewed to the downside. Growth in emerging markets (EMs) has been revised down again, to 4% in 2014, the weakest since 2009, although we project it to reach 4.4% in 2015 and 4.7% in 2016," Fitch said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

It s the second biggest defence contract£3.2 billion naval base investment sustains thousands of UK jobs
From:
MOD has awarded £3.2 billion of contracts to support the management of the UK's naval bases.
HMS Ocean alongside at Devonport Naval Base (library image)
The contracts will also cover the maintenance and repair of the Royal Navy’s warships and submarines, directly sustaining more than 7,500 jobs across the UK.
Babcock, which manages Her Majesty’s Naval Bases at Devonport and Clyde, has been awarded a £2.6 billion contract, while BAE Systems, which manages Portsmouth Naval Base, has been awarded a £600 million contract.
The deal, which brings 5 existing contracts under one framework, represents excellent value for money for MOD and the UK taxpayer, with over £350 million of savings secured.
Type 45 destroyer HMS Daring leaving Portsmouth Naval Base (library image) [Picture: Leading Airman (Photographer) Gary Weatherston, Crown copyright]
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said:
This huge investment in our naval bases will directly sustain more than 7,500 jobs and skills across the UK and ensure that the Royal Navy’s fleet of 56 warships and submarines are in the best possible condition and available for operations.
Following the £3.5 billion Scout armoured vehicle contract, this is the second biggest defence contract placed by this government and reflects our commitment to giving our armed forces what they need to keep Britain safe.
As a former Minister for Portsmouth I know how important naval bases are for the local economies so I am delighted that these contracts have been awarded.
Royal Navy submarine HMS Astute sailing up the Clyde (library image) [Picture: Leading Airman (Photographer) J Massey, Crown copyright]
The contract will sustain around 1,500 jobs at Clyde Naval Base and up to 4,000 jobs at Devonport Naval Base for Babcock, and more than 2,000 BAE Systems jobs at Portsmouth .
The First Sea Lord, Admiral Sir George Zambellas, said:
These significant contracts represent a strategic investment in the Royal Navy’s essential infrastructure.
Without the stalwart and tireless support provided by each of the 3 naval bases ashore, the ships and submarines of the Royal Navy would not be able to deploy as a credible, strategic and global presence at sea.
A shipbuilder working on the aircraft carrier HMS Queen Elizabeth (library image) [Picture: Crown copyright]
Bernard Gray, MOD ’s Chief of Defence Materiel, said:
These contracts are another example of how MOD is delivering on its major procurement programmes and finding both the right deal for the armed forces and driving down costs.
The 3 naval bases in the UK play a vital role in the defence of this country and in the economic well-being of the regions in which they are located.
Share this page

Global Stocks Mixed After Wall Street DeclineAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

PM s US visit: Eight highlights | Modi delivers on PIO card promise | CoverageG-All
(In a four day visit to US,…)
NEW DELHI: Enthralling Americans and the Indian American community, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's US visit marked a new direction in strengthening of Indo-US ties.
In a four day visit to US, Modi not only met US President Barack Obama, but also sought to invite investment from prominent CEOs and urged the Indian-American community to take up a greater role in the development of India.
We take a look at eight highlights of Modi's US visit:
1) Modi-Obama joint statement: Modi and Obama sought to reset ties between India and the United States as both leaders had an extended discussion in the White House, resolving to broaden their cooperation in various fields including defence, intelligence, counter-terrorism, Afghanistan, space exploration and science.
There was "great convergence" between the two sides on peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific, Modi said in comments made shortly after the talks ended. He said the US was an integral part of India's Look East, Link West policy.
The two leaders also discussed thornier issues, with Modi saying that he had made the point that India supports trade facilitation at the WTO, but expects the country's concerns on food security to be addressed. He also pushed for easier access to the US market for Indian service companies.
India wants to resolve hurdles in the way of the civil nuclear agreement as this was important for the country's energy security, Modi said.
"We discussed international situation, security issues and Middle East violence and extremism," Obama said. "We discussed trade and how we can work with each other and decided to deepen our existing ties with India."
 
2) Joint editorial: Forward together we go - chalein saath saath, that's the message sent out by Modi and Obama in their joint editorial for Washington Post.
This was the first time that the two leaders have interacted digitally to come out with a joint editorial. "The exploration of space will continue to fire our imaginations and challenge us to raise our ambitions. That we both have satellites orbiting Mars tells its own story. The promise of a better tomorrow is not solely for Indians and Americans: It also beckons us to move forward together for a better world. This is the central premise of our defining partnership for the 21st century. Forward together we go - chalein saath saath," the editorial read.
The article evoked names like Swami Vivekananda, Martin Luther King, Mahatma Gandhi and Henry David Thoreau, and called for exploring ways in which businesses, scientists and governments can partner between the two countries.
3) Madison Square Garden pitch: 3D Mantra, skill development, talent pool and India's bright economic prospects - these formed Modi's pitch to the Indian American community at the Madison Square Garden.
"Just like Mahatma Gandhi made freedom struggle a national movement, we have to make development and progress a people's movement. 1.25 billion people should work for the betterment of India," Modi urged. "I am sure that now an atmosphere has been created where every Indian wants go work for the nation," Modi said.
"Like you, Mahatma Gandhi was an NRI. I implore you to do something in your capacity for the country," Modi exhorted.
"India has the demographic dividend to succeed. There is no reason for gloom. I am sure that India is going progress at a rapid speed, led by the strength and capabilities of its youth," Modi pitched. "A day will come when the world will not have young workforce. We will be able to supply the requisite manpower to all," Modi confidently said.
Modi also spoke extensively of his government's initiatives for the economy and people, including Jan Dhan Yojana and 'Make in India'. "I invite all of you to come, make in India," Modi said. He also invited suggestions for development on mygov.in website.
Modi said that people keep asking him for a 'grand vision. "I am an ordinary, small person. But I want to do big things for small people. People have exaggerated ideas about what a PM should do. I want to break that misconception," Modi said.
4) Work for G-All - Modi at UNGA: Touching upon a wide range of subjects - centred around collective world development - Modi in his speech at the UN General Assembly called for work in the direction of a sustainable world.
"Let us fulfill our promise to reform the United Nations Security Council by 2015. Let us fulfill our pledge on a Post-2o15 Development Agenda so that there is new hope and belief in us around the world. Let us make 2015 also a new watershed for a sustainable world. Let it be the beginning of a new journey together," Modi urged the gathering.
Highlighting the importance of interdependent nations and progressive combined development, Modi asked, "Today, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers. India, too, is involved in several. But, how much are we able to work together as G1 or G-All?"
 

Supermarkets sweep to bottom of FTSE 100Supermarkets sweep to bottom of FTSE 100
By Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f816e172-493b-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kong family buys in Canary WharfHK family group snaps up Canary Wharf site
By John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25882490-4932-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

report in The Times todayWelcome to your preview of The Times
Subscribe now
New Tesco boss to sell or shut costly Blinkbox
Tesco has decided Blinkbox is a “distraction”: The film The Two Faces of January is among the videos it streams on demand
Magnolia Pictures/AP
Google+
1 of 1
Tesco has decided Blinkbox is a “distraction”: The film The Two Faces of January is among the videos it streams on demand Magnolia Pictures/AP
Richard Fletcher, Andrew Clark
Last updated at 12:01AM, October 1 2014
The new boss of Tesco has put Blinkbox, its loss-making video streaming business, up for sale.
The retailer is understood to be reviewing all options for the business, including closure if a buyer cannot be find.
Under Philip Clarke, Dave Lewis’s predecessor as chief executive, Tesco invested hundreds of millions of pounds in the on-demand service. However, Mr Lewis is understood to have decided that the business is a distraction and told senior Blinkbox staff of his decision to dispose of it when he visited the media division’s office in Clerkenwell on Friday. A Tesco spokesman declined to comment.
In
To see the full article you need to subscribe
Subscribe
The Financial Conduct Authority has opened an inquiry after the retailer’s book-keeping blew a £250 million hole...
Published at October 2 2014
Freshfields and Deloitte have not yet given the all-clear for the international business, which represents about...
Last updated at September 29 2014
Shoppers will no longer receive money-back vouchers if Tesco offers lower prices under a radical cutback to the...
Last updated at September 26 2014
Related topics:
The Financial Reporting Council has joined the Serious Fraud Office and Financial Conduct Authority in examing...
Last updated at September 24 2014
Auditors have warned leading retailers including J Sainsbury, Wm Morrison and Travis Perkins that they could be...
Last updated at September 24 2014
Sponsored Editorial
Realise your potential in the RAF Reserves
More from Retailing
Shoppers go digital this Christmas
Published at 12:01AM, November 24 2014
At least 40p out of every pound spent this holiday season will be “digitally influenced” as shoppers use technology to research or buy their goods
Aldi has management rethink
Published at 12:01AM, November 22 2014
The duo who masterminded Aldi’s assault on Britain are to split up after overseeing the chain’s ‘pile it high, sell it cheap’ retailing philosophy
Who will have a taste for Nougat?
Published at 12:01AM, November 22 2014
Administrators from Zolfo Cooper say that poor trading performance meant that Nougat was not able to continue trading in its current form
Shoppers to splurge £6,000 every second
Published at 12:01AM, November 22 2014
Black Friday was introduced to Britain by Amazon in 2010 and retailers are offering sales and discounts in-store as well as online
Find

Tesco to be investigated+
+0.78
The FRC can issue fines for misconduct. It can also, via an independent panel, suspend individuals and firms from the professional accounting body.
Falling sales
Tesco has suspended four executives in connection with its accounting problems, including its UK managing director, Chris Bush.
The supermarket has been battling falling sales and a decline in its market share as discount chains such as Aldi and Lidl have gained in popularity.
It has recently undergone a high-level reshuffle. Chief executive Dave Lewis has only been in the job a month, while chief financial officer Alan Stewart, who was originally due to join the company on 1 December, had his start date brought forward and took up the post last week.
The chairman of the Parliamentary Business Committee, Adrian Bailey, has described Tesco's error as "stratospheric".
He told the BBC last week that the firm's former chief executive, Philip Clarke, could well be summoned to appear before his committee over the issue.
More on This Story

Sainsbury s reports thirdPrint
Sainsbury's shares drop 7% on falling sales report
Sainsbury's said it expected sales in the second half of the year to be "similar" to the first half
Sainsbury's 'spend more' poster gaffe
Sainsbury's shares have closed down 7% after it reported a fall in sales for the past quarter.
It said like-for-like sales, excluding fuel, in the three months to the end of September fell 2.8%, its third consecutive quarterly sales fall.
Sainsbury's added it expected sales in the second half of the year would be "similar to the first half".
Chief executive Mike Coupe blamed supermarket price wars for "deflation in many areas of our business".
Last Updated at 21 Nov 2014, 11:25 *Chart shows local time
price
+
+0.62
Sainsbury's has already lowered prices on essential food items in an effort to compete with rivals including Asda as well as discounters Lidl and Aldi.
Challenges and opportunities
Mr Coupe, presenting his first set of figures in charge of the supermarket since taking over from Justin King in July, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "Clearly in the last few months the pace of change in our industry [has meant it] has changed beyond all recognition.
"Customers are shopping very differently to the way they were shopping even a year ago. So we are seeing an increase in the number of outlets available to them and they are shopping much more frequently and little and often shopping so these trends are changing very rapidly."
He added: "Clearly there are challenges in the marketplace you can't deny that but there are equally fantastic opportunities for us."
Sainsbury's CEO Mike Coupe describes the challenges facing his organisation
John Ibbotson, director of the retail consultancy Retail Vision, said it was increasingly clear that Mr Coupe had taken "the hospital pass just like Philip Clarke".
Price pressure
"With everyone reducing prices and food inflation low, Sainsbury's has got its work cut out. Cash-strapped consumers are reigning in on discretionary spending and increasingly deserting the big boys for the low cost discounters, or treating themselves to a premium upmarket experience in Waitrose.
"Who needs Sainsbury's, or Waitrose even, when you can get £9.99 Beluga Caviar at Aldi?"
Mr Ibbotson added: "Expect this situation to go on for years, with the low cost discounters the only winners. The only limit is how many stores they can open."
Sainsbury's said total sales, which include sales at stores open for less than a year, also fell in the quarter by 0.8%.
The like-for-like sales figures were slightly better than expected, with City analysts having forecast a fall in like-for-like sales of between 3.5% and 4%.
But Sainsbury's said the accelerated pace of change in the grocery market, and continuing pressures on prices as a result of competition, meant food prices were likely to continue falling.
It also gave a downbeat outlook of future sales, saying that like-for-like sales in the second half of the year - which includes the key Christmas trading period - would be "similar" to the first half.
Sainsbury's admitted it was a "mistake" that a poster intended for staff had found its way into a store window
Sainsbury's like-for-like sales in the first half of the year, excluding petrol, fell 2.1%.
Asked by the BBC whether about accounting standards at Sainsbury's following the news that Tesco had overstated its half year profit outlook in August, Mr Coupe, who was group commercial director before becoming chief executive said he was "100% confident about the integrity of the accounts".
The latest industry figures from retail analysts Kantar Worldpanel showed Sainsbury's market share slipped from 16.6% to 16.2%, with growth across the entire grocer sector down to a record low of 0.3%.
Asda is the only one of the so-called "Big Four" supermarkets - Asda, Tesco, Sainsbury's and Morrisons -  to have held onto its market share in the past year.
On Monday, discount grocer Aldi reported a 36% surge in sales for 2013 and a 65% rise in pre-tax profits to £260.9m.
Poster 'mistake'
Sainsbury's sales figures come a day after the embarrassing revelation that a poster encouraging staff to get customers to spend more was put up in a store window in error.
The sign, urging staff to get people to spend an extra 50p, appeared in Stratford, east London on Monday.
Mr Coupe admitted to the Today programme it was "clearly a mistake" that the poster was put in the store window.
But he added: "It wouldn't be surprising that we encourage our staff to sell to our customers. If we do a great job for our customers they will spend more."
More on This Story

Nifty hovers around 7950; gold near 9-month lowOct 01, 2014, 01.58 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty hovers around 7950; gold near 9-month low
Gold extended losses to trade near a nine-month low and looked likely to break below the key USD 1,200-an-ounce level, clobbered by a stronger dollar and lack of support from top buyer China.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty hovers around 7950; gold near 9-month low
Gold extended losses to trade near a nine-month low and looked likely to break below the key USD 1,200-an-ounce level, clobbered by a stronger dollar and lack of support from top buyer China.
Post your opinion here
13:13
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:45 pm Market outlook: Indian equities are done away with the Modi premium over the past three months and are back to focusing on high quality stocks with high earnings visibility, says Ridham Desai, Managing Director, Morgan Stanley. However, this skepticism is good for the bulls, he tells CNBC-TV18 in an interview.
Second quarter earnings season, which kicks off from October 10, will be watched out and sectors like healthcare, technology and consumer staples are likely to post strong growth, he adds. Once earnings are out of the way, the state elections will be market's focus in the start of Q3. “The BJP is taking risks by going alone in Maharashtra state elections and the market is trying to price in this event. But any adverse election result for BJP in Maharashtra could be a negative cue for the market,” cautions Desai.
1:30 pm IT stocks rally: Shares of technology stocks are rallying as dollar gains strength. The rupee depreciated by 19 paise to trade at almost seven-month low of 61.94 against the US currency in early trade today on capital outflows amidst the dollar’s gain against other currencies overseas. The BSE IT index is up around 1.5 percent intraday.
IT stocks are also riding on the euphoria that the second quarter earnings will be better. Goldman Sachs says that Q2 is a seasonally strong quarter for Indian IT and current market expectations from some large-cap peers appear subdued.
“We expect 2QFY15E to witness 4.7 percent quarterly USD revenue growth versus 3.3 percent Q-o-Q growth in 1QFY15. USD revenue growth will be negatively impacted by 40-70 basis points due to cross currency impact mainly from negative 3.5 percent depreciation in euro,” it says in a report.
 Don't miss: Listing day: Shemaroo debuts at Rs 180/share, jumps 6%
The market continues to be in sluggish mode ahead of the long weekend. The Nifty is hovering around 7950, down 12.20 points at 7952.60. The Sensex slips 35.05 points at 26595.46. About 1162 shares have advanced, 1430 shares declined, and 115 shares are unchanged. 
Wipro and Hero are up 2-3 percent. Other top gainers are Infosys, TCS and Coal India. Among the losers are Maruti, Tata Steel, GAIL, ONGC and ITC. 
Gold extended losses to trade near a nine-month low and looked likely to break below the key USD 1,200-an-ounce level, clobbered by a stronger dollar and lack of support from top buyer China.
With the dollar at a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies, other precious metals also took a hit. Platinum tumbled to a five-year low, while silver retained sharp overnight losses to trade at its lowest since March 2010.
A stronger US currency makes dollar-denominated precious metals more expensive for holders of other currencies. Worries about an interest rate rise in the United States have also hurt gold, a non-interest-bearing asset.
12:00
Sensex, Midcap volatile; ITC, Reliance, HDFC, ONGC slip
Tata Steel and Maruti Suzuki shed 2.5 percent each followed by ITC, Reliance Industries, HDFC, ONGC, Hindustan Unilever and Gail India with 1-1.8 percent loss. Top lenders like State Bank of India, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank were down 0.7 percent, 0.77 percent and 0.2 percent, respectively.

Sena MP Anant Geete not to resign from Modi Cabinet  says alliance still intact at CentreOct 01, 2014 at 02:21pm IST
Sena MP Anant Geete not to resign from Modi Cabinet, says alliance still intact at Centre
13
0
New Delhi: Anant Geete, Shiv Sena's lone member in the Union Cabinet, on Wednesday said he will not resign as Heavy Industries Minister after his party decided to continue in NDA despite parting ways with the BJP for Maharashtra Assembly elections.
Asked whether he will resign, Geete said, "Certainly not".
"It (the alliance) will remain intact at the Centre," he added.
The BJP snapped ties with its oldest partner Shiv Sena after failure of talks on seat-sharing in the Maharashtra polls.
The BJP earlier snapped ties with its oldest partner Shiv Sena after failure of talks on seat-sharing in the Maharashtra Assembly elections, ending a 25-year-old ideological alliance that had survived various vicissitudes.
Geete said he had spoken to party chief Uddhav Thackeray on the issue.
"I have spoken to Uddhav Thackeray. There is no question of resigning. We are a part of the NDA (National Democratic Alliance).
"The government is of NDA and the Shiv Sena has a significant contribution in the (formation of) NDA government. 42 MPs have been elected from Maharashtra. The Shiv Sena has a contribution in that. This is why the question of resigning does not arise," Geete said at the launch of the cleanliness drive for the Swachh Bharat Mission.
Buoyed by the Lok Sabha results in which the BJP-Sena alliance won 42 of the 48 seats, BJP upped the ante and demanded 135 assembly seats which the Sena was not willing to give. Sena responded saying it would leave only 119 seats but later agreed to concede a few more seats.
On the possibility of a post-poll alliance between Sena and BJP in Maharashtra, Geete said: "It will not be appropriate to talk about the future. But everything is possible in politics".
On whether Udhhav will meet Modi tomorrow, Geete said: "I have no information on that".
Maharashtra elections will be held on October 15.
3

Nokia Lumia 730: Microsoft launches its  selfie  phone at Rs 15 299 in India7
0
New Delhi: Microsoft's 'selfie' phone - the Lumia 730 - that was unveiled early this month has come to India at a price of Rs 15,299. The Lumia 730 will be available in India from October 8.
Microsoft says the 5 megapixel wide-angle front camera on the Lumia 730 dual-SIM lets users capture better selfies. The Lumia 730 has been optimised keeping the Skype app in mind as they let users switch from voice to Skype video calls with just one tap. It comes powered by a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor and has a 4.7-inch Super Sensitive Touch HD OLED display.
The Lumia 730 features a 6.7 megapixel rear-facing camera, 2220 mAh battery, 8 GB of internal storage and 15 GB of free OneDrive storage. It supports a microSD card of up to 128GB.
The Lumia 730 comes powered by a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor and has a 4.7-inch Super Sensitive Touch HD OLED display.
#nokia #lumia 730 #lumia 830 #lumia 930
Besides the Lumia 730, Microsoft has also introduced the Lumia thinnest and lighest Lumia yet, Lumia 830, and the Lumia 930 in India at Rs 28,799 and Rs 38,649, respectively
Microsoft has acquired Nokia's mobile phone business. Nokia, once a global leader in mobile phone market, has been relegated to third position in India due to growing popularity of Android based smartphones and increased competition from Korean giant Samsung and domestic mobile vendors.
Key specifications: Lumia 730
Operating system: Windows Phone 8.1 with Lumia Denim
Display: 4.7" HD OLED 720A-1280 screenSunlight ReadabilitySuper Sensitive Touch for glove and nail usage
Battery: 2220 mAh batteryWireless charging compatible [1]
Processor: 1.2 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor
Main camera: 6.7 MP FF, Improved Nokia Camera, LED flash
Front facing camera: 5 MP wide-angle Full HD, 1080p video
Memory: 8GB + 15GB free OneDrive, micro SD up to 128GB
26

Microsoft launches Lumia 730  830  930 smartphones in India; prices start at Rs 15 299Oct 01, 2014 at 01:37pm IST
Microsoft launches Lumia 730, 830, 930 smartphones in India; prices start at Rs 15,299
31
0
New Delhi: Microsoft has launched three new Lumia smartphones - the Lumia 730, 830, 930 - in India. The dual-SIM Lumia 730 carries a price tag of Rs 15,299, while the Lumia 830 and 930 are priced at Rs 28,799 and Rs 38,649, respectively.
The Lumia 930 will go on sale from October 15, while the other two smartphones - Lumia 730 and 830 - will be available in India starting October 8.
The Nokia Lumia 730 is the company's selfie that was unveiled early this month. Microsoft says the 5 megapixel wide-angle front camera on the Lumia 730 dual-SIM lets users capture better selfies.
The dual-SIM Lumia 730 carries a price tag of Rs 15,299, while the Lumia 830 and 930 are priced at Rs 28,799 and Rs 38,649, respectively.
#nokia #lumia 730 #lumia 830 #lumia 930
The Lumia 730 has been optimised keeping the Skype app in mind as they let users switch from voice to Skype video calls with just one tap. It comes powered by a 1.2 GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor and has a 4.7-inch Super Sensitive Touch HD OLED display.
The Lumia 730 features a 6.7 megapixel rear-facing camera, 2220 mAh battery, 8 GB of internal storage and 15 GB of free OneDrive storage. It supports a microSD card of up to 128GB.
The Lumia 830 is the thinnest and Lightest Lumia yet. Microsoft calls the metal-framed Nokia Lumia 830 "the affordable flagship" of the Nokia Lumia family. The Lumia 830 has a 10 megapixel rear camera along with a 1 megapixel front camera and is powered by a 1.2GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor. The phone has a 5-inch display with 1280x720 pixels resolution protected by Gorilla 3.0 glass.
The battery in the Lumia 830 is 2200 mAh and storage options include 16GB on-board with an additional 15GB free space available on Microsoft's OneDrive and the phone also supports microSD cards of up to 128GB. The Lumia 830 will come with the Lumia Denim update that introduces features such as Live Folders, Apps Corner and an updated Glance screen.
Unveiled alongside the Lumia 635 and Lumia 630 in April, the Lumia 930 is Nokia's new flagship phone. The Nokia Lumia 930 has a 5-inch 1080p display and a 20 megapixel PureView camera with Zeiss optics and dual LED flash. It is powered by a 2.2GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor.
238

Truck with inflammable chemical explodes at Indo-Pak check-postPress Trust of India | Attari | Posted: October 1, 2014 3:42 pm
An Indian tanker exploded soon after hydrogen peroxide, an inflammable chemical, was transferred from a Pakistani tanker at Integrated Check Post on the Indo-Pak border here on Wednesday, sparking panic in the high- security area.
No one was injured, though BSF personnel and Pakistani Rangers went into a tizzy after the powerful explosion which saw the debris scattered “in an area of 2000 square yards”.
A magisterial probe has been ordered and the Pakistani side has been informed about the incident, officials said, adding a forensic team from Chandigarh has been dispatched.
Punjab police Inspector Ravinder Singh said that after the transfer of the chemical from a Pakistani truck, leakage began.
“The chemical caught fire and it was followed by a powerful blast, but no causality was reported,” he said.
Singh said that at the time of blast, nobody was standing near the Indian tanker as it was morning time.
The Pakistani truck was unharmed and went back.
An Indian official posted at the checkpost said that possibility of mischief cannot be ruled out and things would become clear after a thorough investigation.

Vedanta joins PM Modi s call for  Swachh Bha...You are here: Home > Collections > Rajasthan
Vedanta Resources joins PM Narendra Modi's call for 'Swachh Bharat'
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 04.05PM IST
Tags:
Anil Agarwal
(PM's Massive Mission to…)
NEW DELHI: Ahead of the launch of Swachh Bharat Abhiyan by Prime Minister Narendra Modi tomorrow, Vedanta Resources today said it is joining the campaign by launching special drives at all its locations and surroundings.
Vedanta Group Chief Anil Agarwal , who last week announced giving away 75 per cent of his family's wealth for the good of the society, has asked his business locations to conduct a special cleanliness drive. It will include Vedanta townships and the villages located near its business locations.
"Vedanta 'Maryadaa' campaign joins Prime Minister call for Swachh Bharat. Special drive at Vedanta premises, colony and within community," Tweeted the 61-year old chairman of the diversified conglomerate.
The company's operations in India are located in Rajasthan, Chattisgarh, Orissa, Tamil Nadu, Goa and Punjab. At most of the locations, Vedanta has developed its townships for employees.
A message has also been sent to all the employees to participate in the cleanliness drive.
PM's Massive Mission to achieve 'Swachh Bharat' by 2019 is a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary.
Under Vedanta's 'Maryadaa' campaign, Vedanta Group Company Hindustan Zinc is constructing 30,000 toilets in rural Rajasthan in collaboration with the state government.
The company is also looking at signing an MoU to add another 10,000 toilets. Over 9,000 toilets have already been constructed in rural villages of Udaipur, Chittorgarh and Bhilwara districts of Rajasthan.
Once the company achieves its target to construct the initial 30,000 toilets, 80 villages in Rajasthan will be covered, a Vedanta spokesperson said.
Vedanta's another company in Tamil Nadu in copper business (Sterlite Copper) has already constructed 183 toilets in the rural area.
According to the reports by UNICEF, only 48 per cent of Indian rural population has good toilet and sanitation facilities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Integrated fuel facility at Mumbai Airport g...Integrated fuel facility at Mumbai International Airport gets CCI nod
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 03.31PM IST
Tags:
Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd
(Indian Oil Corp Ltd, Bharat Petroleum…)
NEW DELHI: Fair trade watchdog CCI has approved setting up of an integrated aviation fuel facility in Mumbai by a joint venture of three state-owned oil firms and Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd after they agreed to put in place measures to prevent anti-competitive practices.
Indian Oil Corp Ltd , Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd , Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd and Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd would form an equal joint venture.
Post execution of shareholding pact between them, each would have 25 per cent stake in Mumbai Aviation Fuel Farm Facility Ltd, which is currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of Mumbai International Airport.
The green signal has come after the Competition Commission of India (CCI) sought clarifications on many occasions from the concerned parties since the watchdog had earlier formed a prima facie opinion that the deal would be anti-competitive.
The clearance is subject to a host of conditions, including amendments to the existing shareholders' agreement that was inked in March this year.
After taking into account the voluntary commitments offered by the parities, CCI in its 16-page order said the "proposed combination is not likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India."
Noting that the combination is about integration and upgradation of existing fuelling infrastructure and operations at the Mumbai Airport, CCI said "there could be competition enhancing benefits associated with the creation of such a facility."
In its order dated September 29, CCI said that with the commitments offered by parties, "participation of non-oil PSU player(s) in the ownership of the MAFFFL (Mumbai Aviation Fuel Farm Facility) would be possible in future."
The regulator has directed the parties to make the necessary changes in the agreement and get the same approved by their respective boards.
The parties are required to "furnish the copies of the respective board resolutions alongwith the amended and restated agreements within 30 days of the passing of the aforesaid board resolutions," the order said.
Besides amendments to the pact, the joint venture has been asked to publish on its website various details -- including those related to applicable tariff and storage capacity -- as part of safeguard measures.
For this combination, CCI has considered the relevant market as infrastructure facilities at the Mumbai Airport for the receipt, storage, handling and delivery of the aviation fuel to the aircrafts at the airport.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi to campaign in Haryana  Maharashtra from Oct4Comments
Modi will launch the party's poll campaign for Haryana and Maharashtra by addressing poll rallies from October 4 to 13.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will campaign for BJP by addressing poll rallies in Haryana and Maharashtra from October 4 even as the party decided to keep its focus on good governance and development in its bid to unseat Congress.
Party’s senior leaders L K Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi, BJP Chief Amit Shah and Union Ministers Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj and M Venkaiah Naidu will also campaign for the party candidates in both the states for the upcoming assembly polls.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the party’s poll campaign for Haryana and Maharashtra by addressing poll rallies from October 4 to 13. He will address a rally in Karnal in Haryana on the first day of his campaign and will also address three poll rallies in Kolhapur, Beed and Mumbai in Maharashtra,” BJP Vice President Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said.
The party has also lined up a host of leaders, including Chief Ministers of BJP-ruled states for electioneering. They will campaign for at least three to five days in the two states, where the focus would be on highlighting the ‘misrule’ of Congress and providing the people with good governance and development.
“Our target is to get rid of the misrule of Congress in both the states and to establish a golden era of BJP’s good governance. Our main agenda is good governance and development,” Naqvi said.
The party has coined a slogan “Chalo Chalein Modi ke Saath” (let’s move with Modi) to woo the electorate in the two states.
Naqvi said that in the last 15 years due to “misrule” of Congress and NCP, development in Maharashtra is lagging behind and the country’s financial capital Mumbai is now facing”economic crisis” due to corruption and bad governance.
He said the farmers are suffering, the youth are helpless and unemployed, and trade and industry have got completely jeopardised.
Haryana, he alleged, has become an open example of where “looters have been spared” and those involved in scams have flourished.
Naqvi said Modi will address ten rallies in Haryana and around 24 in Maharashtra. Campaigning for the October 15 Assembly elections in the two states ends on October 13.
“We are confident of forming our own governments in both Haryana and Maharashtra as the people of these states are in favour of BJP that has promised to provide them stable and good government dedicated to development,” he said.
BJP is contesting the elections of its own in all the 90 seats in Haryana while in Maharashtra, it is contesting alone in 257 of the total 288 seats. The remaining 31 seats will be contested by its smaller allies following its break-up with old ally Shiv Sena.
The BJP leader said besides addressing poll rallies, the party will also carry out a door-to-door and traditional modes of campaign. “Our workers at the booth level will also ensure a higher voter turnout,” he said.
Naqvi said while party President continued…

Narendra Modis US visit disappointing on outcomes:CongressPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 4:39 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 5:04 pm
Congress on Wednesday launched an all-out attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying his US visit was “disappointing” on outcomes and claimed that an atmosphere of a grand event was created with the help of “cheerleaders” many of whom brought from India.
Accusing the Prime Minister of “hurting” the dignity of the post by “belittling” previous Indian governments on a foreign soil, party spokesperson Anand Sharma said it is a matter of concern for any political party or the nation if someone believes everything good for the nation has happened only during his time.
“We wonder whether he had gone there on an election campaign or he was suddenly reminded of his Parliamentary constituency Varanasi,” he said, adding that Modi spoke during the visit as if he was still in “campaign mode”.
Sharma also attacked him for “withdrawing”, ahead of his US visit, an order which empowered the drug pricing authority
of powers to cap prices of non-essential drugs and then during his visit deciding to set up, in collaboration with the US, a
high-level working group on intellectual property to sort out issues which have been hampering investments.
On the latter, he alleged that the Prime Minister has “compromised” India’s position and the issue cannot be revisited in a bilateral grouping.
Refusing to give any importance to the rapturous gathering during the Prime Minister’s address at Madison Square Garden and elsewhere outside the venues of his address in the US, Sharma said, “There were many cheerleaders”.
He gave the credit for the gathering at the Garden to the performance by well-known artistes and singers there.
Seeking to compare it with Modi’s address at the UN General Assembly, the Congress spokesperson claimed that “two-third of the Assembly hall was empty when the Indian Prime Minister was speaking. This small gathering should be a matter of concern.”
He also said all Indian Prime Ministers, who went to the US were given the honour of addressing the joint session of US
Congress but “Modi was not given this honour” asking “why?”
Sharma said the visit was not so impressive as was projected and quoted BJP patriarch L K Advani to conclude that
Modi is a very good “event-manager”.

If BJP was confident  wont have called Modi for rallies:SenaPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 1, 2014 4:37 pm
Taking a dig at former ally BJP for announcing that Narendra Modi would hold poll rallies in Maharashtra, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray today said the Prime Minister would not have been invited to address the public if BJP was confident of winning on “Modi wave.”
“There are so many statements coming from them (the BJP) that speak about Modi’s plans to hold several rallies for the upcoming state Assembly polls.
“I have nothing against Modi. But it is very clear that if there was indeed a ‘Modi wave’ in the state, they would not have asked him (Modi) to hold so many rallies. It is the first time that a PM will hold so many rallies before Assembly polls,” Uddhav said.
The Sena president was addressing reporters at his residence here, on the sidelines of a meeting with delegation of Maharashtra Sikh Association workers, who have announced their support to his party for the October 15 state polls. BJP general secretary and in-charge of party affairs in Maharashtra, Rajiv Pratap Rudy had yesterday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi would address 22-24 election meetings across the state between October 4 and 13.
Dismissing speculations of a post-poll alliance with his estranged cousin Raj Thackeray, Uddhav said the call made by him to the ailing MNS chief was out of “courtesy”.
“I did call Raj Thackeray to enquire about his health.But we have not met. It was just a courtesy call and if I call him to ask about his health, why is the health of some people deteriorating,” he quipped.
When asked if Sena’s lone minister in the Union Cabinet Anant Geete will resign after Modi’s return from the US trip, Thackeray said a decision will be taken after holding consultations with the Prime Minister. “I cannot comment on what will happen in the future. But once Modi returns, we will have discussions with him, and based on that we will take a final call,” he said.
Denying allegations that he had ordered Sena workers to ensure defeat of certain BJP leaders, Thackeray said he only wishes good for his opponents.
“I do not think bad for anyone. The Sena is fighting to win elections. I do not want any negative power by my side,” he said.
The BJP has not only broken the alliance with the Shiv Sena, they have broken their ties with the very principles of Hindutva on the basis of which this partnership was formed, Uddhav said.

Mumbai attacks trial: Pakistan court adjourns hearing till Oct15LeT operations commander Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi is one the main accused in the case. (Source: AP/file)
Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: October 1, 2014 4:14 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 4:25 pm
A Pakistani anti-terrorism court trying the seven accused in the 2008 Mumbai attacks case on Wednesday adjourned the hearing till October 15 as the judge was on leave.
The court sources told PTI that Anti-Terrorism Court Rawalpindi Judge Attiquer Rehman was on leave for some ‘personal reason’.
“Next Wednesday falls in Eidul Azha holidays, therefore  the court office adjourned the hearing till October 15,” they said.
The ATC Rawalpindi in its last Wednesday’s hearing had reserved verdict on the application of the prosecution lawyers that the trial should be held through a video-link or allow the witnesses to submit their recorded statements in the court.
The judge directed the prosecution lawyers to present the witnesses on next hearings.
The defence lawyers had strongly opposed the prosecution’s plea.
“This is a sensitive and in camera trial. The court proceedings will be accessible to many if it is allowed to be held through a video-link,” the defence lawyers said.
“How can the court trust witnesses statements in a CD form? It can easily be tampered with and in no way will be admissible in the court. Therefore, the court should reject the prosecution’s plea in this regard,” the lawyers argued.
Earlier, the prosecution lawyers had drawn the court’s attention to ensure their and witnesses security in the face of threats they received allegedly from the Jamaat-ud-Dawah activists.
LeT operations commander Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, Abdul Wajid, Mazhar Iqbal, Hamad Amin Sadiq, Shahid Jameel Riaz, Jamil Ahmed and Anjum have been charged with planning, financing and executing the attacks in India’s financial capital that killed 166 people in November, 2008.

Sumitra Mahajan bats for schemes to ensure better care forelderlyPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 4:05 pm
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan on Wednesday batted for introducing a scheme to ensure that the elderly get nutritious food on the lines of the one for the children.
Addressing a programme on the occasion of International Day of Older Persons, she also suggested development of such colonies where old age homes and orphanages can be put up together.
“We provide nutritious food to children. It is necessary for the old also to get good nutritious food. Some new plans can be chalked out in this regard,” Mahajan said in the presence of Social Justice Minister Thaawar Chand Gehlot and his deputy Sudarshan Bhagat here.
India has launched Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) Scheme in 1975 with objectives to improve the nutritional and health status of children in the age-group 0-6 years and to lay the foundation for proper psychological, physical and social development of the child.
Noting that the challenges faced by aged are manifold and multi-faceted, the Speaker said their separation from the rest of the family due to various reasons including their children’s job responsibilities causes psychological trauma for them.
“Going by the conditions before us, we have to think about creation of such colonies where both elderly and orphan children can live together,” she said.
The Speaker also said there is need for good old age homes where the neglected people can be comfortable and feel at home.
“There can also be a facility where old age homes and orphanages can be put up together so that the old can meet children,” Mahajan said at the function organised by the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment.
She asked all sections of the society, particularly youth, to empathise with the cause of the elderly and to contribute for their betterment.
Mahajan was addressing a programme on the occasion of International Day of Older Persons on Wednesday.

I am A. RamanathanUpdated: October 1, 2014 16:49 IST
I am… A. Ramanathan
The Hindu A. Ramanathan sells Khadi at his shop Trivandrum Khadi Bhandar. Photo: Nita Sathyendran
TOPICS
human interest
Occupation: Sells khadi
This is Nassar, who hails from Tirur in Malappuram. He’s one of my regular customers. I have many customers like him who come from all across Kerala to buy khadi. Many of them are party workers but a fair amount of them are office goers, government employees who now have been mandated to wear khadi to work once a week. I get a lot of women customers too, especially young women who come in search of dress material in different hues.
The best sellers are always white khadi material and dhotis, but nowadays there are a lot of takers for khadi shirting in various colours too. I also sell garlands that are made of khadi, which are used to adorn portraits of politicians. Even though it’s Gandhi Jayanti this week, I can’t say that business has picked up. It’s more or less as usual. The real rush is during election time actually, when the demand for white shirting material and dhotis increases exponentially. Then again, every day it’s busy here. My customers keep me on my toes from the moment I open up shop at around 8 a.m. till I close for the day at 8 p.m.
The beauty of khadi is that it is light and airy and very comfortable to wear in our muggy climate. The material lasts longer when it is washed and starched. The price per metre of the shirting material depends on the thickness and quality of the yarn. I stock two kinds of khadi – pure khadi and khadi with polyester mix, with the former being more expensive. Dhotis come in single and double varieties.
The material is sourced from across India – Bhagalpur in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu…not so much from Kerala, save for the fine muslin khadi that the state is known for.
The shop, Trivandrum Khadi Bhandar, at Ayurveda College Junction, is one of seven or eight private enterprises in the city that sell khadi. It was started by my late father, P. Ananthakrishnan, some 55 years ago. He used to work in a khadi manufacturing unit in Kanyakumari before he set up shop here. We are natives of Nagercoil, who became ‘Tamilians’ when the states were divided on the basis of language.
My father was a staunch follower of Gandhi as you can see from the two portraits here. He had this big portrait in black and white painted by an artist called T. Nataraj all those years ago. I am determined to retain the shop as it is where the stamp of my father is everywhere, right from the portraits to the glass-fronted cupboards where we store the material.
I am 46 years old and a graduate in commerce but have been helping my father run the shop since childhood onwards. I know the trade and have a flair for selling, so it was natural that I follow in his footsteps. Nowadays, my brother also helps out. I live near Gandhari Amman Kovil with my wife, Ranga, and two school-going children, Nandini, a Plus Two student, and Karthik, who is in class five. I don’t think that they should follow in my footsteps, though. They are bright kids and should concentrate on academics.
Now, will you excuse me? Another of my regular customers is here.
(A weekly column on the men and women who make Thiruvananthapuram what it is)

Ask Matt: Buy eBay to get PayPalGetty
Q: Is eBay a buy due to PayPal spinoff?
A: Investors love the idea of a spinoff . But it’s difficult to predict if the two separate companies will be worth more than the whole.
Spin-offs have been lucrative for investors over the intermediate term. The Guggenheim Spin-Off exchange-traded fund (CSD) is up 55% over the past three years, topping the 34% gain of the S&P 500 during the same time. Fans of spin-offs say they force management to be maniacally focused on maximizing shareholder returns, without the safety of the parent.
Analysts are generally positive on eBay (EBAY) . Earnings are expected to rise 9.5% this year, says S&P Capital IQ. Analysts have a $60.28 18-month price target on the stock that closed Tuesday at $56.64. There is reason to be skeptical. Simply spinning off PayPal will not unlock value, says Ross Sandler, analyst at Deutsche Bank in a note to clients, where he rates eBay stock a “hold.” The big question is whether an unleashed PayPal will more aggressively go after electronic payment services outside of eBay. PayPal might also take bolder steps to create some sort of digital wallet technology. The bottom line is that Sandler says that PayPal and eBay are currently account for half eBay’s current value. A split will need to enhance PayPal’s future dramatically for the split off to add value.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.
16494023

http://usat.ly/1oxzCriFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
October's scary rep for stocks is a bad rap
October conjures up dark connotations on Wall Street. Indeed, the mere mention of October manifests feelings of impending doom among stock investors. October's susceptibility to history-making stock market
Post to Facebook
October's scary rep for stocks is a bad rap October conjures up dark connotations on Wall Street. Indeed, the mere mention of October manifests feelings of impending doom among stock investors. October's susceptibility to history-making stock market Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vv9WBK
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
October's scary rep for stocks is a bad rap
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 11:58 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
Video Keywords Federal Reserve Wall Street oil prices S&P 500 Janet Yellen stock market's interest rates USA today iMac Microsoft Google
Matt Krantz takes a look a what investors might consider when investing this October. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  October can be a scary month. Not because of Halloween.
00:04  It's a month clobbered by some of the stock market's worst
00:07  days in 1929 crash black Monday in 1987. The tipping point
00:13  in the financial crisis in 2008. Here's what you need to
00:17  know about the market this October iMac Krantz this is USA
00:21  today. October's bomb wrap -- somewhat deserve. The tenth month has
00:29  contained five of the six worst jobs in the S&P 500.
00:33  During October since 1928. Stocks gained zero point 43% on average
00:38  that's something to brag about. But it's not a smashed pumpkin
00:42  either. What does this October hold in store for investors there
00:46  are six things. One seasonal factors work in this market's favored
00:51  this year it's a midterm congressional election year. Economic news and
00:55  Federal Reserve policy will be in the forefront of investors' minds.
00:58  Two technology stocks tend to do the best in October but
01:02  watch out. There's been a shift lately energy companies have started
01:06  to emerge -- on and stars. With -- -- oil prices
01:09  though investors wonder back and repeat again this year. Three earnings
01:14  reports of possible product launches from tech will be key to
01:18  the month. Apple Google and Microsoft have big plans expect them
01:22  to get plenty of attention in coming weeks. For big this
01:26  is going to be one of those October that drops a
01:29  bomb in the stock market resist the urge to try and
01:32  profit for a spike in volatility. You could invest in exchange
01:35  traded notes -- tracked Wall Street so called fear gauge but
01:38  that's op and a bad idea these investments tend to lag
01:42  historically. Five mutual fund investors don't fear the odds of interest
01:47  rates heading higher profit from them. Just look at September's winning
01:51  funds to see what might pay off again in October. And
01:55  finally it's then -- time again. Investors will watch this month's
01:59  fed meeting expect open and honest talk about financial markets from
02:03  Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen. And that's not necessarily a good
02:06  thing trust us. Don't -- October prepare for it and profit
02:12  from it. I'm Matt -- and USA today.
"Occupy Wall Street" demonstrators stage a march dressed as corporate zombies during a protest near Wall Street in New York, October 3, 2011.
(Photo: EMMANUEL DUNAND AFP/Getty Images)
6 CONNECT 10 TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
October conjures up dark connotations on Wall Street.
Indeed, the mere mention of October manifests feelings of impending doom among stock investors. October's susceptibility to history-making stock market crashes is to blame for its reputation as a month to be feared. The stock market crash of 1929, the 22.6% dive on Black Monday in 1987, and the market meltdown in October 2008 have left scar tissue on the psyche of the American investor.
"It's known as the jinx month," says Jeffrey Hirsch, editor of The Stock Trader's Almanac, a Wall Street bible that tracks the stock market's seasonal performance tendencies.
This October, there is no shortage of potentially market-moving events that could move the price pendulum in a violent way – ranging from the Federal Reserve's final exit from its market-friendly bond-buying program to fresh readings on the U.S. labor market and the pace of economic growth in the third quarter. The bulk of third-quarter earnings season also occurs in October.
October funds: Beware rising rates
But does October deserve all the bad press? Is the market always drenched in red ink in October like a Halloween ghoul? Is October truly a month to be feared, a month where unexpected market shocks are destined to destroy even the best of investment plans?
The answer, statistically speaking, is "no," a review of historical performance statistics shows.
While there's no doubt the stock market in October has been prone to an occasional shock, an occasional dive off a cliff or an occasional wealth-melting setback, its performance track record looks far more stable when viewed over longer time periods.
October's winning sectors? All of them!
The average return for the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index since 1928 is a gain of 0.43% — and that positive return comes despite October declines of 19.9% in 1929, a 21.8% plunge in 1987 and a 16.9% freefall in 2008, according to statistics compiled for USA TODAY by Birinyi Associates. The large-company stock index has also posted positive returns 58% of the time in October since 1928, ranking it No. 6 out of all 12 months, InvesTech Research says. "But that doesn't erase the stigma that came from those big crashes, which creates a high degree of anxiety going into October," says James Stack, a money manager and editor of InvesTech Research, an investment newsletter.
In the past 50 years, the S&P 500 has fared even better in October, returning nearly 1% on average, Birinyi says.
Another potential shock absorber for stocks in October is an offsetting seasonal phenomenon: the market tends to fare well in the final three months of the year when there is a mid-term congressional election. The fourth quarter of a mid-term election year has posted the best performance of all 16 quarters of the four-year presidential election cycle, InvesTech Research says. Election Day is Tuesday, Nov. 4.
But hidden beneath the long-term average is the feared hypervolatility October is known for.
• Big swings. Out of all 12 months in the post-war era since 1945, both the biggest monthly gain and the largest monthly loss for the S&P 500 occurred in October, according to S&P Capital IQ.  A 16.3% gain in October 1974 is the No. 1 gainer, and the 21.8% decline in 1987 is the No. 1 loser.
• Big losses. Adding to the angst is the fact that five of the six largest daily declines suffered by the S&P 500 since 1928 have occurred in October, InvesTech Research data show. The biggest one-day decline occurred on Oct. 19, 1987, when the index plunged 20.47%. The most recent single-day decline clocked in at -9.04% on Oct. 15, 2008.
Top losses in October
Five of the top 10 daily percentage losses in the S&P 500 took place on days in October.
Sponsored by
InvesTech Research
George Petras USA TODAY
"Investors fear the month," says Sam Stovall, an investment strategist at S&P Capital IQ, noting that virtually every investor took a financial hit during the 2008-09 financial crisis. "Plus, some investors experienced the crash of '87, and most have read about the crash of 1929."
Add in the fact that the stock market hasn't had a 10% correction in almost three years, and it's clear why anxiety is running high again as October nears, adds Stack. Still, the ingredients for a major bear market or market crash are absent, Stack argues, although a shock such as the Fed changing its tune and saying rate hikes are coming much sooner than expected could spark market upheaval, he adds.

FMC chairman Ramesh Abhishek may get another extensionOct 01, 2014, 04.09 PM IST  | Source: PTI
FMC chairman Ramesh Abhishek may get another extension
Abhishek, a 1982 batch officer of the Indian Administrative Officer (Bihar cadre), is continuing as chairman of the commodity markets regulatory body FMC on a three months' extension that will end next week.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FMC chairman Ramesh Abhishek may get another extension
Abhishek, a 1982 batch officer of the Indian Administrative Officer (Bihar cadre), is continuing as chairman of the commodity markets regulatory body FMC on a three months' extension that will end next week.
Post your opinion here
 
With the appointment of new Forward Markets Commission (FMC) chief taking time, the government may give the current chairman Ramesh Abhishek another extension for a short period of three months.
Abhishek, a 1982 batch officer of the Indian Administrative Officer (Bihar cadre), is continuing as chairman of the commodity markets regulatory body FMC on a three months' extension that will end next week.
Also read: MCX to launch new 2015 contracts tomorrow
"We have proposed to give another extension to Abhishek as the selection panel has not yet shortlisted the names. The panel has received 20 plus applications, a senior Finance Ministry official told PTI.
Abhishek was appointed as FMC member before getting elevated as interim chairman, replacing B C Khatua. In September 2012, he was appointed FMC chairman.
During his tenure, a Rs 5,600-crore payment crisis broke out at National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL). He has taken several commodity exchange norms in sync with those in the securities market.
RELATED NEWS

Hold Texmaco Rail  says Kunal SaraogiLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hold Texmaco Rail, says Kunal Saraogi
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush suggests holding Texmaco Rail and Engineering.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
Kunal Saraogi of Equityrush told CNBC-TV18, " Texmaco Rail and Engineering and most railway related stocks are very hard to really predict because they are very erratic in their behaviour. But I would wait for some more time and wait for the stock to cross Rs 95-96 which is the overhead resistance on the chart, so let is get past that level."
He further added, "In case you are looking to get into the stock now, wait for it to show some bit of strength and cross Rs 95-96. In case it does that it definitely merits a buy otherwise I would recommend that you hold on. In case you are holding on to the stock already I think it is prudent to put a stoploss at Rs 80, wait for sometime. If it breaks Rs 100 you might actually see a big rally coming into the stock."
RELATED NEWS

Go long in Voltas  advises Ashish ChaturmohtaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Go long in Voltas, advises Ashish Chaturmohta
Ashish Chaturmohta of Fortune Equity Broker is of the view that one can go long in Voltas as the stock can test Rs 265-266 in the next three-five trading sessions.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Ashish Chaturmohta of Fortune Equity Broker told CNBC-TV18, " Voltas saw very decent correction from Rs 270-280 to almost Rs 227. Around Rs 227-235 we saw a build-up of almost 15-18 percent on the long side, clearly indicating that lot of long accumulation happened. Now there can be some amount of short covering from current levels."
"At current levels, one can initiate long position with a stoploss below Rs 239 whereas on the upside we expect this stock to target somewhere around Rs 265-266 in the next three-five trading sessions," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Modi represented a new image of India in US: Ravi Shankar PrasadIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

EC guidelines on financial transparency come into forceOct 01, 2014 at 03:39pm IST
EC guidelines on financial transparency come into force
7
0
New Delhi: The Election Commission guidelines making it virtually mandatory for political parties to deposit their funds in banks and not to exceed ceiling limits in financial assistance for candidates to ensure transparency and accountability came into effect on Wednesday. The Election Commission order of August 29 in this regard under Article 324 of the Constitution (superintendence, direction and control of elections) was part of a set of comprehensive guidelines on transparency and accountability in party funds and election expenditure. The poll body had said that guidelines will come into effect from October 1.
Under the guidelines, the treasurer of a political party is now required to ensure maintenance of accounts at all state and lower levels and consolidated accounts at the central party headquarters. The accounts maintained by the treasurer shall conform to the guidance note on accounting and auditing of political parties issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants. The annual accounts shall be audited and certified by certified chartered accountants as required under the Income Tax Act.
Under the guidelines, a party should ensure that no payment in excess of Rs 20,000 is made to any person or company in cash, except in a village or in town not served by a bank. Also it will not apply to payments made to any employee or party functionary towards salary, pension or reimbursement of expenses or where cash payment is required under any statute.
The guidelines make it virtually mandatory for political parties to deposit their funds in banks and not to exceed ceiling limits in financial assistance for candidates.
#election commission #elections #political parties #financial transparency
Referring to the Representation of the People Act provision regarding ceiling for election expenditure of a candidate, the EC guidelines make it clear that such assistance from a political party shall not exceed the prescribed ceiling. "Any payment in this regard by the party shall be made through crossed account payee cheque or draft or through bank account transfer and not in cash," says one of the guidelines. While the recognised political parties shall file all reports, namely the contribution reports in Form 24A, the audited annual accounts as certified by the chartered accountants and the election expenditure statements with the Commission.
The unrecognised parties shall file them with the chief electoral officer of the states. The EC said that in order to bring uniformity, all political parties shall submit to the Commission or to any authority mentioned by it a copy of the annual accounts with auditors report for each financial year before October 31 of each year. The Income Tax provisions do not allow any deduction on the contributions made in cash by any person or company to a political party.
Accordingly, the Commission guidelines say, the political party shall maintain names and address of all such individuals, companies or entities making donation to it excepting petty sums donated by public during rallies. Further, any amount or donation received in cash, shall be duly accounted in the account books deposited in the party's bank account within a week of its receipt. However, the party can retain a reasonable amount required for day-to-day functioning and for defraying cash expenses.
The Commission said concerns have been expressed in various quarters that money power was disturbing the level playing field and vitiating purity of elections. Noting that it is desirable for political parties to observe transparency and accountability in respect of funds raised and expenditure incurred both during elections and in other times, the Commission said it is necessary and expedient to provide guidelines for bringing that.
16

National Herald case: Delhi HC extends stay on trial court s order summoning Sonia  Rahul till Nov 35
0
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Wednesday extended stay on trial court's order summoning Congress President Sonia Gandhi, party Vice President Rahul and others till November 3 in a case relating to acquiring ownership of National Herald daily.
Besides Sonia and Rahul, Congress treasurer Moti Lal Vora, general secretary Oscar Fernandes and Suman Dubey have moved the high court against the trial court order summoning them in the case.
Sam Pitroda, who is yet to be served with the summons, has not filed a plea in the high court.
Congress treasurer Moti Lal Vora, general secretary Oscar Fernandes and Suman Dubey have moved the high court against the trial court order summoning them in the case.
#national herald #national herald case #delhi high court #trial court
Senior BJP leader Subramanian Swamy, on whose complaint the trial court had issued summons to the Congress leaders, had said he would be filing a synopsis of his arguments in the matter.
Swamy, in his complaint, has alleged cheating and misappropriation of funds by the Congress leaders in the acquisition of the daily by Young Indian (YI).
Besides the Gandhis, Vora is among the directors of Young India which was recently given almost 99 per cent ordinary shares of the Associated Journals Limited (AJL).
Earlier, senior advocate Kapil Sibal, appearing for the Congress president, had sought quashing of the trial court proceedings, saying "every finding of the magistrate, on every point, is erroneous".
"This is the most unfortunate proceedings against a party which is seeking to revive a newspaper which is associated with the Congress party for over 80 years. Courts must be extremely careful in scrutinising such matters", he had said.
While summoning the six as accused in the case, the trial court had held that Swamy has established a prima facie case of cheating, misappropriation of funds and criminal breach of trust against them.
They were summoned under sections 403 (dishonest misappropriation of property, 406 (criminal breach of trust) and 420 (cheating) read with section 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC.
(With additional information from PTI)
50

Durga Puja  not just the time for pandal hopping but also family reunionsIdol Chat: In conversation with Emraan Hashmi
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Modi  Obama target USD 500 billion Indo-US trade40
0
Washington: Targeting a five-fold jump in Indo-US trade to USD 500 billion, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama on Tuesday pledged to deepen economic cooperation and will set up a joint program to boost business investment.
After two days of talks focused on ways to reinvigorate the US-India relationship through economic, energy and security cooperation, the two sides agreed on USD 1 billion of concessional financial from the US Export-Import Bank for India's renewable energy development agency.
The two leaders, who met for the first time, agreed on boosting two-way trade to USD 500 billion from USD 100 billion. However, no deadline was set for reaching that goal. "President Obama and Prime Minister Modi recognised that US and Indian businesses have a critical role to play in sustainable, inclusive, and job-led growth and development," a joint statement issued after the meeting said.
The two leaders, who met for the first time, agreed on boosting two-way trade to USD 500 billion from USD 100 billion.
#modi meets america #narendra modi #narendra modi in us #barack obama
In order to raise investment by institutional investors and corporate entities, the leaders decided to establish an Indo-US Investment Initiative led by India's Ministry of Finance and US Department of Treasury, with special focus on capital market development and financing of infrastructure.
They also agreed to establish an Infrastructure Collaboration Platform convened by the Ministry of Finance and the Department of Commerce to enhance participation of US companies in infrastructure projects in India. "In this context, the US government welcomes India's offer for US industry to be the lead partner in developing smart cities in Ajmer (Rajasthan), Vishakhapatnam (Andhra Pradesh) and Allahabad (Uttar Pradesh)," it said.
India will welcome two trade missions in 2015 focused on meeting its infrastructure needs with US technology and services. The two leaders discussed their concerns over the current impasse (including on the issue of public stockholding for food security purposes) in the World Trade Organisation (WTO) and its effect on the multilateral trading system.
They "directed their officials to consult urgently along with other WTO members on the next steps," the joint statement said. The two sides committed to work through the Trade Policy Forum to promote a business environment attractive for companies to invest and manufacture in India and in the United States.
They committed to hold public-private discussions in early 2015 under the Commercial Dialogue on new areas of cooperation, including innovation in advanced manufacturing.  Obama welcomed Modi's ambitious plan to extend basic financial services to all its citizens through the Jan Dhan Yojana.
"The President and Prime Minister underlined the important contribution that US locomotive technology, equipment to monitor rail system assets, and US best practices can play in modernising India's vast railway network, including accessing programmes of US Trade and Development Agency in this work," the statement said.
Agreeing on the need to foster innovation in a manner that promotes economic growth and job creation, the leaders committed to establish an annual high-level Intellectual Property (IP) Working Group with appropriate decision-making and technical-level meetings as part of the Trade Policy Forum.
They recognised in particular the contribution of the Indian and US Information Technology industry and the IT-enabled service industry in strengthening India-US trade and investment relations. Modi and Obama said they looked forward to the annual US-India Economic and Financial Partnership meeting in early 2015.
They also welcomed the expansion of partnership to oversight of financial institutions, including between Reserve Bank of India and the US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Office of the Comptroller of Currency.
The two leaders also agreed to reinvigorate the India-US CEO Forum, and welcomed India's offer to host the Forum for the second time in early 2015. In order to share best practices in manufacturing and work toward greater harmonisation of standards, the National Institute of Standards and Technology's Manufacturing Extension Partnership programme will start a dialogue with Indian counterparts.
The two countries plan to work expeditiously through several joint initiatives to facilitate greater confidence in cross-border trade and investment. "The President also offered to support the Prime Minister to achieve his goal of preparing young Indians for 21st century jobs through new partnerships to share expertise and global standards for skills development in India, including by reinvigorating the Higher Education Dialogue," the joint statement said.

Gomti to be cleaned on lines of river Ganga: Rajnathstate politics
Noting that the health of rivers is reflective of a country’s condition, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Tuesday announced cleaning up of river Gomti here on the same lines as river Ganga.
“Health of rivers is indicative of the health of a nation. When a country’s rivers start drying, its fate also dries up,” he said while addressing a cleanliness awareness programme.
The objective of the Centre is not only to develop the country as an economic capital but also a spiritual capital, for which unhindered flow, cleanliness and clearness of its rivers is necessary, Mr. Singh said.
The Union Minister said a detailed project report will be prepared for cleaning Gomti river on the same lines as river Ganga and the work in this regard has already begun.
Mr. Singh, who is a Member of Parliament from Lucknow, said that from Kudiya Ghat to La Martinere college in the city, the banks of Gomti would be developed on the lines of Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad.
Union Water Resources Minister Uma Bharti, who was also present at the event, said that through short term and long term schemes Ganga would become visibly clear within three years and it would be made completely clean in 10 years.
Noting that a survey on cleaning Gomti river has been completed, Ms. Bharti said, cleaning Gomti would be a lot easier than Sabarmati, which had dried up.
In an oblique reference to the previous UPA government, Ms. Bharti said, “we have come out of ten years of Ice Age, the first stream has come out and Ganga has been associated with water resource.”
Students from Lucknow University, Technical University and various schools attending the event formed a human chain during the programme, organized by social organization Lok Adhikar Manch and resolved to clean Gomti river.
The Union ministers, LU vice-chancellor S.B. Nimse and convenor of the organization Anil Singh initiated cleaning up of the area around Gomti to mark the occasion.

Gold price falls on poor offtake  silver tumblesGold price falls on poor offtake, silver tumbles
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 30, 2014  | 19:07 IST
Snapping a three-day rising streak, gold prices dropped at the domestic bullion market in Mumbai on Tuesday on fresh bouts of selling by stockists and traders amid poor investment off-take.
Elsewhere, industrial metal plummeted sharply and closed below the psychological significant Rs 40,000 per kg mark following heavy speculative unwinding.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) shed by Rs 105 to conclude at Rs 26,755 per 10 grams compared to Monday's level of Rs 26,860.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also fell by a similar margin to settle at Rs 26,905 per 10 grams from Rs 27,010.
Silver (.999 fineness) tumbled by Rs 510 to finish at at Rs 39,800 per kg as against Rs 40,310 on Monday.
On the global front, shiny metal traded almost steady amid investors caution ahead of key US macro data as well as growing expectations of Fed rates hike.
Spot gold was little changed at $1,216.71 an ounce in early European trade.

Festive season brings cheer for online retailersNEW DELHI, September 30, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 00:03 IST
Festive season brings cheer for online retailers
Yuthika Bhargava
Products at display in Myntra office, Bangalore. PHOTO: G. R. N. SOMASHEKAR
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Online retailers are confident that this will turn out to be the ‘best ever’ Diwali with most of them expecting to double sales.
Festive cheer is here and with it comes a flood of offers and discounts on everything from apparel to home appliances to consumer electronics. This season, as customers get ready to go on a shopping spree, the $3-billion e-commerce industry is ready to cash in on the opportunity, making a dent in offline channel sales.
Online retailers are confident that this will turn out to be the ‘best ever’ Diwali with most of them expecting to double sales. Major demand is expected in categories such as large appliances, personal electronics, fashion and accessories, besides perfumes and cosmetics.
Largest domestic e-commerce player Flipkart has launched ‘Big Billion Day’, which is focused on its single-biggest sale day, October 6. “We are prepared to have the biggest selling day online ever in India. From the customer point of view, these are going to be savings that they have never seen and may never see again. This is going to be big,” Michael Adnani, Vice-President — Retail & Head — Brand Alliances, Flipkart, said.
The company’s Senior Vice-President (Retail Marketing), Kalyan Krishnamurthy, added they had increased the field staff to 10,000 and expanded the network to 40 cities to provide customers a better reach.
Online marketplace Snapdeal expects sales to double during October. “Diwali is a big season for the retail industry. For online too, we see a huge surge at this time of the year. This year, we expect it to be the biggest season till now,” Sandeep Komaravelly, Senior Vice-President, Marketing, Snapdeal, said. At the start of September, Snapdeal saw a growth of 33 per cent, and is expecting 100 per cent growth in sales in October.
Similarly, fashion e-tailer Myntra expects a record-breaking Diwali this year, with over three times growth in sales as compared to last year.
Ganesh Subramanian, Chief Operating Officer, Myntra, said, “The festive season generally brings with it a noticeable increase in shopper interest…The mood among shoppers this season is encouraging as people are willing to spend liberally on fashion brands, which may not be accessible in offline stores.”
Likewise, Fashionandyou.com expects to double the growth rate in October against the current month-on-month 20 per cent. Fabfurnish.com, which witnessed a 50 per cent increase in revenues last year, said this period can account up to 30 per cent of the annual sales.
Another portal, Shopclues.com, which saw over 40,000 peak orders in a day last season, too, expects an increase of 40 to 50 per cent this season. The e-tailers were positive that online will drive sales this festive season, as opposed to the traditional offline channels.
“While there are still many people who shop offline, more are adopting the online medium... There is a lot of churn happening from offline to online. It will create a dent in offline sales,” said Mr. Komaravelly.
Vikram Chopra, CEO and Founder, Fabfurnish.com, reasoned, “Since e-commerce offers heavy discounts, hassle free deliveries, and a huge assortment of products to choose from, this will be a preferred choice for people while shopping for Diwali.”
Asked if e-commerce will drive sales this festive season, rather than the offline channel, Radhika Ghai Aggarwal, Co-Founder and CMO, ShopClues.com, said, “Shopping portals have a significantly higher reach — while physical stores have definite catchment areas, we have a pan-India customer base. E-tailers also have the advantage of offering a very wide selection of products at better prices, since the overheads are fewer in the online medium than in offline retail.’’

Snoop Dogg joins Reddit funding roundSnoop Dogg joins Reddit funding round
By Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0c054762-48ee-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China must resist cheap money temptationOctober 1, 2014 4:19 am
China must resist cheap money temptation
By George Magnus
Lower borrowing costs are the last thing needed to rebalance economy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1fc584e-427e-11e4-9818-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why I m protesting in Hong KongMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Modi  Obama set up Contact Group for Indo-US nuke dealPM Modi, Obama set up Contact Group to implement Indo-US nuclear deal
Priyanka Tikoo     Washington   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 13:20 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama end their meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington (Photo: Reuters)
With their landmark 2005 civil nuclear deal still in limbo, the government and the United States have established an inter-agency Contact Group to sort out outstanding liability and technical issues to fast-track its full implementation.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama, while taking note of the delay, reaffirmed their commitment to implement fully the US-India civil nuclear cooperation agreement that would facilitate installation of American-origin nuclear reactors in the country.
From the domestic side, the inter-agency Contact Group will have representatives from Department of Atomic Energy, Ministry of External Affairs and Finance Ministry.
After summit talks with the US President, PM Modi said both sides were serious about resolving issues blocking the implementation of the civil nuclear deal at the earliest.
FULL COVERAGE: PM Narendra Modi in US
"Both of us are committed to taking forward the civil nuclear partnership agreement. We are serious about resolving at the earliest issues relating to civil nuclear energy cooperation. This is important for India for meeting energy security needs," he said.
Significantly, names of two US companies Westinghouse and GE-Hitachi have been named in the joint statement which is considered unusual.
The two leaders reaffirmed their commitment to implement fully the US-India civil nuclear cooperation agreement.
Modi and Obama established a Contact Group on advancing the implementation of civil nuclear energy cooperation in order to realise early their shared goal of delivering electricity from US-built nuclear power plants in the country. They looked forward to advancing the dialogue to discuss all implementation issues, including but not limited to administrative issues, liability, technical issues, and licensing to facilitate the establishment of nuclear parks, including power plants with Westinghouse and GE-Hitachi technology, the statement said.
Vikram Doraiswami, Joint Secretary (Americas), in the Ministry of External Affairs, said the Contact Group would resolve the outstanding issues relating to nuclear trade between the two countries.
We are setting up an inter-agency Contact Group to be able to resolve all issues that are outstanding and hindering the rapid deployment of US-origin nuclear reactors in the country, that includes specific mention of liability, it includes administrative issues and it includes technical issues, he told reporters while briefing about the Modi-Obama meeting.
The Indo-US nuclear deal concluded between the previous UPA government and the George W Bush administration has been stalled because of issues relating to liability laws.
The government has ruled out diluting the Civil Liability for Nuclear Damage Act and hoped a solution to the stalemate caused by foreign companies not agreeing to two of its clauses will be found within the framework of the legislation .
The US has wished to see that India was aligned with the International Convention on Supplementary Compensation for Nuclear Damage (CSC).
(PTI)

Samsung to invest $560 mn in Vietnam TV plantSamsung to invest $560 million in Vietnam TV production plant
By Reuters | 1 Oct, 2014, 04.06PM IST
0
Share More
Samsung, the world's largest TV maker, said in a statement the new 700,000 square metre complex will mainly produce televisions.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEOUL: South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Wednesday that it will invest $560 million to build a consumer appliances production complex in Vietnam, its latest move to build manufacturing capacity in the country.
Samsung, the world's largest TV maker , said in a statement the new 700,000 square metre complex will mainly produce televisions.
Samsung has been investing heavily in production facilities in Vietnam across business segments including smartphones in a bid to lower production costs. The firm's display subsidiary, Samsung Display, said in July that it won approval to build a $1 billion display module assembly plant in Vietnam.

PM Modi to campaign in Haryana  Maharashtra from Oct 4Comments
Modi will launch the party's poll campaign for Haryana and Maharashtra by addressing poll rallies from October 4 to 13.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will campaign for BJP by addressing poll rallies in Haryana and Maharashtra from October 4 even as the party decided to keep its focus on good governance and development in its bid to unseat Congress.
Party’s senior leaders L K Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi, BJP Chief Amit Shah and Union Ministers Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj and M Venkaiah Naidu will also campaign for the party candidates in both the states for the upcoming assembly polls.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the party’s poll campaign for Haryana and Maharashtra by addressing poll rallies from October 4 to 13. He will address a rally in Karnal in Haryana on the first day of his campaign and will also address three poll rallies in Kolhapur, Beed and Mumbai in Maharashtra,” BJP Vice President Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said.
The party has also lined up a host of leaders, including Chief Ministers of BJP-ruled states for electioneering. They will campaign for at least three to five days in the two states, where the focus would be on highlighting the ‘misrule’ of Congress and providing the people with good governance and development.
“Our target is to get rid of the misrule of Congress in both the states and to establish a golden era of BJP’s good governance. Our main agenda is good governance and development,” Naqvi said.
The party has coined a slogan “Chalo Chalein Modi ke Saath” (let’s move with Modi) to woo the electorate in the two states.
Naqvi said that in the last 15 years due to “misrule” of Congress and NCP, development in Maharashtra is lagging behind and the country’s financial capital Mumbai is now facing”economic crisis” due to corruption and bad governance.
He said the farmers are suffering, the youth are helpless and unemployed, and trade and industry have got completely jeopardised.
Haryana, he alleged, has become an open example of where “looters have been spared” and those involved in scams have flourished.
Naqvi said Modi will address ten rallies in Haryana and around 24 in Maharashtra. Campaigning for the October 15 Assembly elections in the two states ends on October 13.
“We are confident of forming our own governments in both Haryana and Maharashtra as the people of these states are in favour of BJP that has promised to provide them stable and good government dedicated to development,” he said.
BJP is contesting the elections of its own in all the 90 seats in Haryana while in Maharashtra, it is contesting alone in 257 of the total 288 seats. The remaining 31 seats will be contested by its smaller allies following its break-up with old ally Shiv Sena.
The BJP leader said besides addressing poll rallies, the party will also carry out a door-to-door and traditional modes of campaign. “Our workers at the booth level will also ensure a higher voter turnout,” he said.
Naqvi said while party President continued…

Trai directs Loop to inform date of closure ...You are here: Home > Collections
Trai directs Loop to inform date to closure to subscribers
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 02.59PM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Telecom Regulatory Authority…)
NEW DELHI: Sectoral regulator Trai has directed Loop Mobile to inform date of closure of its services in Mumbai to all subscribers either in writing or by sending an SMS or email within 10 days.
"The Authority hereby directs Loop Mobile that it shall inform the date of closure of its services in Mumbai licensed service area to all its existing subscribers...either in writing or by sending SMS/e-mail, within 10 days of issue of this direction," Trai said in a letter dated September 30.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) said the mobile operator should also inform about every new subscriber at the time of his enrolment to its network.
"Loop Mobile is further directed to furnish the compliance report with regard to the direction within 15 days of issue of this direction," Trai said.
Loop Mobile had informed Department of Telecom (DoT), in a letter dated March 10 this year, that due to various commercial reasons, it was unable to renew the CMTS licence and would, therefore, cease to provide its services with effect from November 29, 2014.
Mumbai-based Loop Mobile's licences will expire in November after which it will not be able to offer telecom services. The company had to buy spectrum afresh to continue its operations but it did not participate in the auction held in February.
The company in June last had entered into an agreement with Bharti Airtel to sell its assets for about Rs 700 crore.
The deal, however, is yet to be approved by DoT. DoT estimates that Loop Mobile and its other sister concern owes it about Rs 808 crore. The Department, according to sources, has held up the clearance related to the deal as the payment has not been made yet to the government.
No comment on this could be obtained from Loop Mobile when contacted earlier this week.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congress releases manifesto in Haryana; tries to woos farmers  promisesgrowthComments
Now, we want to put Haryana on higher growth trajectory, said Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.
Attempting to woo farmers and other sections, Congress on Wednesday released it election manifesto for the upcoming October 15 polls. Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda promised to put the state on higher growth trajectory.
The 23-page manifesto focuses on agriculture and horticulture, irrigation, energy, industry, trade, commerce, FDI and health. It also talks about employment, women empowerment, Scheduled Caste and Backward Classes, urban and rural development and education with a promise to set up one University in every district.
According to the manifesto, efforts for a separate High Court for Haryana in Chandigarh will continue, mining will be resumed after getting approval from the Environment Department, students union elections will be permitted in Universities and colleges while a roadmap will be prepared for each of the 90 Assembly segments so that their needs are fully met.
The manifesto was released at Panchkula jointly by Hooda, Congress General Secretary and party state in-charge Shakeel Ahmed, party Secretary Asha Kumari, chairman of the Manifesto Committee Ram Prakash, state Congress chief Ashok Tanwar and former MP Naveen Jindal. It was read out by Prakash.
Hooda said, “Congress does not want to sit on its past laurels, but intends to continue the unprecedented path of development growth and prosperity of Haryana in its endeavour to serve effectively. Now, we want to put Haryana on higher growth trajectory.”
Haryana being a leading Agrarian state, the manifesto says the government will pay 100 per cent interest of the farmer who return the short-term loan regularly and 50 per cent interest of the farmer who return the long-term loan regularly. Land acquisition policy will be further rationalised.
Efforts will continue to secure Centre’s approval to lower the interest rate on long-term loans of farmers to 4 per cent. Credit limit to the farmers will be provided on the similar pattern as industrialists. Organic farming will be promoted.
Minimum Support Prices of potatoes, onions and tomatoes, like other crops, should be fixed to safeguard the producers from being exploited and attempt will be made to persuade the Centre for this, the manifesto says.
With Traori in Karnal region famous for production of Basmati rice, a modern ‘Rice Improvement Centre’ will be set up there while Basmati festival will also be held each year, it said. A national-level vegetable and fruit market will be built in every district.
The manifesto said horticulture and orchard farming will be encouraged by providing free saplings to panchayats while an international-level market will be established at Ganaur in Sonepat to promote sale of horticultural items.
On the irrigation sector, the manifesto said the present government has succeeded in getting “maximum” share in inter-state rivers and that efforts will be made to execute storage dam work on the upstream of the Yamuna expeditiously.
It said work will soon start on Lakhwar and Vayasi projects and added that efforts for Kisau and Renuka dams will continue. “Wherever possible, water bodies continued…

Tarun Gogoi refutes charges of hatching a conspiracyThe Assam CM refuted the charges that he has hatched a 'conspiracy' to disallow HM Rajnath Singh from visiting the flood-affected areas of Goalpara district. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Guwahati | Posted: October 1, 2014 5:13 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 5:26 pm
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has strongly refuted claims by Union Sports Minister Sarbananda Sonowal and BJP MP Bijoya Chakraborty that the state government has hatched a ‘conspiracy’ to disallow Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh from visiting the flood-affected areas of Goalpara district on Wednesday.
“There is no iota of truth that the state government has not accorded permission to the Union Home Minister to visit the flood-hit areas of Goalpara district,” Gogoi said in a statement.
The union home ministry has chalked out the itinerary of Rajnath Singh and Assam government has nothing to do with it.
“The statements made by them are false, baseless and politically motivated, aimed at misleading the people of the state,” he asserted.
Singh reached here in the morning and is scheduled to  return on Wednesday after visiting Goalpara.

Hyundai introduces RSA program for existingownersHyundai has made this new offer available in three packages - Rs. 899 for one year, Rs. 1,499 for two years and Rs. 1,999 for three years.
Express News Service | Posted: October 1, 2014 4:56 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 4:58 pm
Hyundai has come up with an all new 24×7 Roadside Assistance (RSA) program for its existing owners. The owners of all the Hyundai cars which are not older than six years from the date of their sale are eligible to avail this new RSA program. Hyundai has made this new offer available in three packages – Rs. 899 for one year, Rs. 1,499 for two years and Rs. 1,999 for three years. Customers can choose any one offer out of these three packages on the basis of his/her personal preference, daily riding conditions and number of kilometers clocked per day.
The new 24×7 roadside assistance program for old cars include the following features – country-wide access, 24×7 reach to the toll free number (1800-102-4645), breakdown and accidental towing, on-site repairing for minor mechanical and electrical issues, key lock-out conditions, flat-tyre and emergency fuel support, battery jump start, assistance over phone calls or messages, cab coordination for the owner, legal as well as medical covers and custody services.
As said before, Hyundai has made only those cars eligible for this new RSA program, which are not older than six years. The new offer is irrespective of the lapsed warranty periods, number of kilometers covered and number of owners a car has been with, which means second-hand cars too fulfill the program’s conditions. Also, as before, new cars will continue to be available with the RSA program as well. Hyundai started the roadside assistance program for new cars in 2010, which has been well received by the Hyundai customers.

Israel complains to UN chief over GazaprobeNearly 2,200 Palestinians, mostly civilians, were killed along with 73 on the Israeli side, most of them soldiers. (Source: AP photo)
Agence-France Presse | Jerusalem | Posted: October 1, 2014 4:54 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 5:05 pm
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has complained to UN chief Ban Ki-moon that a probe  by the world body into the Gaza war is one-sided, his foreign ministry said today.
At a meeting with Ban yesterday in New York, Netanyahu charged that the UN Human Rights Council “is not focusing its inquiry on Hamas, which used UN facilities in order to fire at Israel,” a ministry statement said.
Israel has accused Hamas of firing rockets from densely- populated civilian areas during the war and from UN schools, and the army released videos it says proves such claims.
The UN itself condemned Gaza militants for storing rockets in a school early in the 50-day conflict, which ended with an August 26 ceasefire.
Israeli shelling hit several UN schools sheltering displaced Palestinians, killing scores of people.
Israel claimed militants had directed rocket fire from the area, but its strikes were denounced by the world body.
Netanyahu said the UN’s conduct towards Israel was “disproportionate” and insisted that his country “did not direct its attacks against civilians.”
The commission probing Israel’s Gaza offensive has said it is also investigating Hamas’s actions in the war.
Nearly 2,200 Palestinians, mostly civilians, were killed along with 73 on the Israeli side, most of them soldiers.
UNHRC spokesman Rolando Gomez told AFP in August that both Israel and Hamas “will be subjected to a thorough investigation.”
Israel has strongly opposed the commission’s probe, the  results of which will be published in March 2015.
According to the UN, Ban told Netanyahu of the “urgent need to address the underlying causes of the crisis, including the need to lift the closure of Gaza,” in reference to the Israeli blockade which has been in place since 2006.
Lifting the blockade is seen as key to consolidating the ceasefire in Gaza.
The UN said Ban had also voiced “deep concern at (Israel’s) continued settlement activity” on Palestinian land, raising a thorny issue which is viewed as illegal by the international community and has repeatedly derailed peace talks with the Palestinians.

On Big Billion Day  Flipkart promises greatest saleeverFlipkart is expecting to unite a billion people through what they promise is going to be the greatest sale ever in India. (Source: Flipkart website)
New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 4:54 pm
E-tailer Flipkart is launching a day long shopping event on 6-10-2014 this year called ‘Big Billion Day’. Flipkart is expecting to unite a billion people through what they promise is going to be the greatest sale ever in India.
“Till date, India has seen shoppers across the country turn out in millions during festivals like Akshaya Tritiya and Dhanteras. With the ‘Big Billion Day’, Flipkart is set to replicate this concept of a single day of shopping on a massive scale online,” said the company.
Flipkart will be offering discounts, deals, surprises across 70 categories including large appliances, books, toys, mobiles, laptops, cameras, clothes, shoes, bags and watches. It also vows to deliver products on time with its 10,000 field staff.
Wondering what is special about 6-10-2014?
610 – the number of the flat from where Sachin and Binny Bansal, Flipkart promoters, began their journey in 2007.

Strides Arcolab working with USFDA on import...You are here: Home > Collections > Usfda
Strides Arcolab working with USFDA on import alert on unit's products
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 04.58PM IST
Tags:
ANDA
(Under the import alert authorities…)
NEW DELHI: Drug firm Strides Arcolab today said it is working with the US health regulator to ascertain how medicines not meant for the American market reached the country after it was slapped with import alert on products made at the plant of its Italian arm.
An import alert was issued by USFDA on its website concerning certain products manufactured by the company's subsidiary Beltapharm SpA, Italy, Strides Arcolab said.
"The products mentioned in the Import Alert webpage ... are manufactured by Beltapharm for an African customer for over 5 years and the company is working with the USFDA and the African customer, on the circumstances on how these products reached the US market ," it added.
The company further wishes to clarify that it has no role in the distribution of any of these products in the US territory, Strides Arcolab said.
Beltapharm has only one Abbreviated New Drug Application ( ANDA ) approved product namely Imiquimod cream for the US market. This product has been recently launched and is freely available, it added.
Under the import alert authorities can detain without physical examination of unapproved new drugs promoted in the US.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scorers get tech savvyUpdated: October 1, 2014 17:22 IST
Scorers get tech savvy
The Hindu Hyderabad Cricket Association official scorer P. C. Chandrasekhar with the i-pad provided by the BCCI for scoring henceforth in all first-class matches. Photo: V.V. Subramanyam
TOPICS
sport
State cricket associations go hi-tech as BCCI equips scorers with iPads for live updates of domestic matches
For the first time in world cricket, the scorers will use the iPad to ensure speedy transmission of every minute detail of the day’s proceedings on the fieldcricket lovers across the world. Thanks to the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI), each affiliated State Cricket Association is provided with six iPads each with internet data card for the scorers (who qualified in both manual and online scoring).
So, next time the sight of scorers, like the 48-year-old Penumarthi Durga Chandrasekhar, working on the touch screen of the iPad with the BCCI logo, should not surprise.
“This is some kind of revolution and a wonderful gesture on part of the BCCI,” says Chandrasekhar, who is the first Hyderabadi to qualify in 1997 as manual scorer and then in 2005 as a on-line scorer too.
“During the BCCI three-day workshop in Chennai, we were given a feel of what exactly it means. The whole idea is to get rid of the regular problem of non-availability of internet at some of the cricket grounds. The best part is that with this iPad facility, we can do our job even if there is a net connectivity problem; once the net is restored, the scoring gets automatically synchronized to ensure that everything is on time and in tune with the ball-by-ball action on the field,” explains Chandrasekhar who is also a qualified umpire.
“On-line scorers will work in coordination with the zonal coordinators who in turn will be in touch with the BCCI headquarters official in Mumbai.
Henceforth, the fans will also get a pictorial presentation of what is happening in all domestic matches including Ranji and Duleep Trophy for you have the wagon wheels and also commentary as is the case with Cricinfo updates on major events,” says the articulate Chandrasekhar.
Any issues with the new system? “Well, because it is a touch screen, we have to be extremely cautious.
And, in this software, there is no ‘undo’ option to make any on-the-spot corrections; like say if the umpire reverts his decision to declare a six to a four. So, I feel we can pause for a few seconds more before the start of the next ball to be clear in our scoring,” feels the HCA scorer.

New Mahindra Scorpio storms the autoworldM&M on September 25, 2014 launched the new generation Scorpio which promises to live up to the expectation of being a whole new beast.
ADVERTISEMENT

Obama  the serial interventionistUpdated: September 30, 2014 00:56 IST
Obama, the serial interventionist
war
Barack Obama has been more at ease waging wars than in waging peace. He has proved to be one of America’s most militarily assertive Presidents since World War II
America’s Nobel Peace Prize laureate president, Barack Obama, who helped turn Libya into a failed state by toppling its ruler Muammar Qadhafi, has started a new war in Syria and Iraq even as the U.S. remains embroiled in the Afghanistan war. Mr. Obama’s air war in Syria — his presidency’s seventh military campaign in a Muslim nation and the one likely to consume his remaining term in office — raises troubling questions about its objectives and his own adherence to the rule of law.
While it has become imperative to contain the Islamic State (IS), a Sunni jihadist army that has imposed a despotic medieval order in the territories under its control, any fight against terrorism can be effectively waged only if it respects international law and reinforces global norms and does not become an instrument to pursue narrow, geopolitical interests.
Ever since America launched its “war on terror” in 2001 under Mr. Obama’s predecessor, George W. Bush, the scourge of international terrorism, ominously, has spread deeper and wider in the world. Jihadist forces extolling terror as a sanctified tool of religion have gained ground in a number of countries. Once stable nations such as Iraq, Syria and Libya have become anarchic, crumbling states and new hubs of transnational terrorism, even as the Afghanistan-Pakistan belt remains “ground zero” for the terrorist threat the world confronts.
War on U.S. terms
Mr. Obama was supposed to be fundamentally different than Mr. Bush — an expectation that led the Nobel committee to award him the Peace Prize soon after he assumed office. Yet, underscoring the disconnect between his words and actions, Mr. Obama has been more at ease waging wars — that too in breach of international law — than in waging peace. He has proved to be one of America’s most militarily assertive Presidents since World War II, with his readiness to use force driven by a penchant to act as judge and executioner.
Mr. Obama in Cairo in 2009 sought “a new beginning” between the U.S. and Muslims “based upon mutual interest and mutual respect.” However, his reliance on U.S. hard power has been underlined by his serial bombing campaigns in Libya, Somalia, Yemen, Iraq and Syria. He also directed a threefold increase in the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan, sharply escalated drone attacks in Pakistan, and initiated “targeted killing” of even U.S. citizens with suspected ties to terrorism. And now comes the news that this warrior-in-chief, having championed “a nuclear-free world,” has quietly pursued plans for an extensive expansion of the U.S. nuclear arsenal, already the world’s costliest and most-sophisticated.
Core of a coalition
What stopped Mr. Obama from seeking United Nations Security Council (UNSC) mandate before initiating a war in Syria against IS militants? The answer is obvious: Mr. Obama wants to wage his open-ended war on U.S. terms, like his earlier interventions.
Five repressive Arab autocracies form the core of his “coalition of the willing” on Syria. Paradoxically, four of the five — Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and the United Arab Emirates — plus the U.S., aided IS’s rise, either openly or inadvertently. This is a coalition of sinners now dressed as knights in shining armour.
Such has been the tepid international response to what the White House admits will be a multiyear military offensive in the Syria-Iraq belt that only five of the 22 Arab states (or, to put it differently, five of the 57 members of the Organization of Islamic Cooperation) have joined the coalition. And even though the U.S. is striking a terrorist group, its urge to test new weapons has led to the debut in war of the problem-plagued F-22 stealth bomber.
Mr. Obama displayed his disdain for international law by addressing the U.N. after presenting his bombing blitzkrieg in Syria as a fait accompli. To rationalise the unleashing of force in Syria by bypassing the U.N., his administration has meretriciously claimed the defence of a third country, Iraq, as a legal ground. Such a precedent could allow the sovereignty of any nation to be violated.
In reality, this is just the latest U.S. action mocking international law. Other such actions in the past 15 years include the bombing of Serbia, the separation of Kosovo from Serbia, the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq without UNSC authority, Qadhafi’s overthrow, the aiding of an insurrection in Syria, Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) renditions of terror suspects, and the National Security Agency’s Orwellian surveillance programme. Yet, Mr. Obama has escalated a sanctions campaign against Russia in the name of upholding international law.
Creating, fighting the problem
Indeed, he has not sought even U.S. congressional authorisation before embroiling his country in yet another war. To justify his serial interventions and interminable war making, Mr. Obama has continued to speciously cite the congressional authority Mr. Bush secured to specifically go after those that “planned, authorized, committed or aided” the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. But given that linking IS to the 9/11 attacks would stretch plausibility, especially since al-Qaeda has publicly disavowed IS, his administration started the Syria war by claiming an “imminent” threat to U.S. homeland security from a previously unknown “Al Qaeda affiliate,” Khorasan.
The unpalatable truth that Mr. Obama seeks to obscure is that the main IS force was born in Syria out of the CIA-trained, petrodollar-funded rebels who were reared to help overthrow Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Mr. Obama turned a blind eye as IS made significant advances from mid-2013 onward. IS militants ceased to be “good” terrorists undermining Mr. Assad’s rule and Iranian interests after they threatened U.S. interests and beheaded two American journalists.
If President Ronald Reagan accidentally fathered al-Qaeda, Mr. Obama is IS’s unintended godfather turned self-declared slayer-in-chief. Having earlier tasked the CIA with aiding Syrian rebels to help oust Mr. Assad, Mr. Obama has now tasked the agency to create a proxy ground force against IS in Syria by training and arming thousands of more insurgents.
It affects India
Training and arming non-state combatants flies in the face of international law. The directive also ignores the lessons from past covert interventions. “We had helped to create the problem that we are now fighting,” Ms. Hillary Clinton candidly told Fox News as Secretary of State, saying “we had this brilliant idea we were going to come to Pakistan and create a force of mujahideen and equip them with Stinger missiles and everything else to go after the Soviets inside Afghanistan.” Mr. Obama’s own creation of “moderate” rebel forces in Libya has badly backfired.
The U.S. indeed has also contributed to India’s terrorism problem. After all, large portions of the CIA’s multibillion-dollar military aid for the Afghan rebels in the 1980s were siphoned off by the conduit, Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), to trigger insurgencies in India’s Kashmir and Punjab. India — and Pakistan — have paid a heavy price for America’s continued cosy ties with the Pakistani military and its ISI spies. Yet, paradoxically, the U.S. has used counterterrorism as a key instrument to build a strategic partnership with India.
Mr. Obama pledged in Cairo in 2009, “We do not want to keep our troops in Afghanistan. We seek no military bases there.” But in a change of heart, he now wants bases there for a virtually unlimited period. The resolution of the political crisis in Kabul opens the way for Afghanistan to sign the bilateral security agreement that Mr. Obama has sought as the legal basis to keep U.S. bases. A residual U.S. force, however, will be more vulnerable to Taliban attacks, thus strengthening Washington’s imperative to mollycoddle Pakistani generals and cut a deal with the “Quetta Shura.”
As the longest war in its history in Afghanistan attests, the U.S. is better at starting wars than in ending them. What Mr. Obama has started as an offensive against IS is likely to evolve into something more geopolitical in nature, including to repair the damage to U.S. interests from America’s decade-long Iraq occupation, which made Iran the real winner.
More broadly, America’s long-standing alliance with the Gulf’s jihad-bankrolling Islamist monarchs does not augur well for its “war on terror,” which has spawned more militants than it has eliminated. With U.S. support, the oil monarchies, even the most tyrannical, have been able to ride out the Arab Spring. Paradoxically, the U.S. practice of propping up malleable Islamist rulers in the Middle East not just spurs strong anti-U.S. sentiment, but also fosters grassroots support for more independent and “authentically” Islamist forces.
A rolling, self-sustaining war targeting terrorist enemies that America’s own policies and interventions continue to spawn is not good news even for the U.S., whose military adventures since 2001 have cost $4.4 trillion, making its rich military contractors richer but destabilising security in several regions. At a time when America faces a pressing need for comprehensive domestic renewal to arrest the erosion in its relative global power, it can ill-afford self-debilitating wars. Unfortunately for it, one eternal warrior in the White House was succeeded by another serial interventionist.
(Brahma Chellaney is a geostrategist and author.)

Thank you America: Modi says before leaving for Indiainternational relations
Winding up his whirlwind five-day U.S. visit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi “thanked” America for what he said was a highly “successful and satisfactory trip” to the country.
“Thank You America,” Mr. Modi said as he concluded his last official engagement at an event organised by the US Indian Business Council (USIBC) on Tuesday. After that he directly left for the Andrews Air Force Base, from where his Air India One took off for New Delhi.
“My visit has been very successful. From here I am going to airport directly,” Mr. Modi said. On Tuesday Mr. Modi met U.S. President Barack Obama in the Oval Office of the White House, at the end of which the two leaders issued a joint statement that promised to take the India-U.S. relationship to new heights.
Mr. Modi was seen off at the Andrews Air Force Base by the Indian Ambassador to the U.S. S. Jaishankar and the Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal. When he arrived at the Air Force Base a day earlier, he was received by the Deputy Secretary of State, William Burns — both being unusual for a working visit like this.
On Monday evening, Mr. Obama hosted Mr. Modi for a official private working dinner and on Tuesday the two met for nearly two hours at the Oval Office, following which the U.S. President and the Prime Minister together went to the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial.
Mr. Obama, it is understood, decided to join Mr. Modi on this visit which many analysts said reflected the close bonding the two leaders have established among themselves in such a close time. Later in the day, Mr. Modi was hosted for lunch by Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the State Department, following which he drove down to the Capitol Hill for a tea hosted in his honour by Joe Boehner, Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives. (Pictured is Prime Minister Narendra Modi's note in the White House visitor's book.)
In the first leg of his five-day U.S. trip, Mr. Modi spent four days in New York, where he addressed the annual session of the United Nations General Assembly on September 27, and stormed the Indian American community by addressing the diaspora with a packed Madison Square Garden in the Big Apple on September 28.
In New York, Mr. Modi held meetings with a host of top American businessmen including breakfast with CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, while top American leaders like Bill and Hillary Clinton, and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
In all he met more than 50 top U.S. lawmakers and three Governors including South Carolina’s Nikki Haley.
During his trip, Mr. Modi visited the 9/11 Memorial in New York and the Gandhi Statue in Washington D.C.
He held a series of meetings with the Indian diaspora, including the dinner that was hosted in his honour wherein he stood for nearly two hours to get photographed with more than 700 Indian-Americans.

MC Mary Kom - unboxedprint
This story first appeared on 19 September 2014.
Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story, the 1993 biopic based on the life of the martial arts legend, inspired a teenaged Mangte Chungneijang Mary Kom, the daughter of landless agricultural labourers, to pick up combat sport. At that time, her dream was limited to learning the nuances of boxing. But not even in her remotest dreams did she imagine that one day her own life would become the subject of a celebrated Bollywood film as well.
The mother of three sons – seven-year-old twins Khupneivar (nicknamed Nainai) and Rechungvar, and one-year-old Prince – now has her sights set on a medal in the 51kg weight category at the Asian Games (which she has won now).
Speaking to HT Brunch on the sidelines of a training session at Delhi’s Indira Gandhi Stadium, India’s best-known woman boxer says she is happy with the way the movie, Mary Kom , has turned out. “It is superbly made and I am happy that because of the film, women’s boxing will finally get its due. People will come to know about the hardships women boxers face in order to win medals for the country,” she says.
Instead of savouring the success of the biopic and accepting invitations to numerous movie premieres, Mary Kom has kept herself away from the razzmatazz and trained hard in isolation.
“I am still an active sportsperson and my hunger to achieve more is still strong. So, I preferred to make the most of the time I had preparing for the Asian Games,” says the pugilist who has managed to spend just four days with her children in the last two months in the run-up to the Games.
Also read: Mary Kom will settle for nothing less than gold at Asiad
“Even when I am not at my peak, I am confident of winning. I got the better of my opponent during the trials for the Commonwealth Games. It took 15 minutes for the judges to decide on the winner and the verdict went against me. I was sure I had won that time too, but I decided to stay quiet and reply in my own way at the Asian Games’ trials. So, I trained hard and left no room for discussion. This time around, I won with a margin to spare,” says the feisty boxer triumphantly.
Even before Priyanka Chopra was cast for the lead role in a biographical movie about MC Mary Kom, the Olympic medallist boxer was an established name in India’s sporting circles.
Mary Kom’s rise from a remote village in Manipur to a hat-trick of world titles (in 2002, 2005 and 2006) makes for an incredible tale. She continued to box after her marriage to K Onler Kom, whom she met when he was studying to be a lawyer in Delhi, and won an Olympic medal after motherhood.
Her amazing journey motivated filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali to produce a movie about her. It’s perhaps for the first time in the world that a biopic on a major sportsperson’s life has been made while the athlete is still active in the sporting arena. The biopic has further cemented Mary Kom’s celebrity status and made the boxer from Manipur a household name across the country.
At the ongoing Asian Games being held at Incheon, Korea, Mary Kom returns to international competition after her Olympics triumph in August 2012 and after giving birth to her third child in June last year.
Scope for a sequel
The biopic depicts the struggle behind achieving world glory and Mary Kom’s comeback after giving birth to twins. It ends with the national anthem being played in China after she won gold for the fourth time at the World Championships in 2008.
The movie opened to mixed reviews and some critics noted the conspicuous absence of the London Olympics triumph from the narrative. Though Bhansali’s Mary Kom has released in 2014, the film stops at 2008.
But only a minuscule fraction of the audience comes from a sporting background; for most viewers, the real-life rise of a village girl from obscurity to international fame, that too after motherhood, is enough to keep them riveted.
“As per the contract for the biopic, we had given permission to depict her life only till the world championships held in China in 2008. That’s why the London Olympics were not included,” says her husband. 
So, will there be a sequel to the movie, portraying Mary Kom’s story after 2008? Surely, her second comeback after motherhood and her Olympic victory make for another adaptation. “When the contract for Mary Kom the movie was signed, at that time, she hadn’t even qualified for the London segment. So, including the London Games in the story was out of the question. But if anybody is willing to make a second part, we are game for it,” says Onler.
Tragically,  in 2006, his father was assassinated by insurgents and Onler briefly thought about picking up the gun to seek retribution. But his father had been one of a pair of twins and when Mary Kom, too, gave birth to twins, Onler saw it as his father’s rebirth and gradually the feelings of revenge faded away.
The popular vote
There used to be a time when India’s women boxers, including those who had won international medals, were not given their due. Even an air ticket to fly home from Delhi after winning a gold medal in the World Championships was considered a big incentive for the girls.
“The first national camp for women boxers was held at Bangalore in 2001 and the girls travelled by train on sleeper class tickets,” recalls Anup Kumar, the national women’s chief coach in boxing. “I still remember that before going for the World Championships in 2002 and 2005, I announced that I would sponsor the air tickets from New Delhi to the hometown of the girl who won gold. Mary won the gold on both the occasions and got to fly from Delhi to Imphal.”
Two states
The year 2000, when Mary Kom first stepped into the ring, coincided with a blanket ban on the release of Hindi movies in local theatres, imposed by insurgent groups active in Manipur. Neither has the biopic made on the life of the Manipuri star been shot in her home state, nor has it been screened in theatres there.
“Mary Kom is Manipur’s pride. How come people here have to skip a movie based on their star’s life? Everyone here is watching it on pirated CDs,” says L Ibomcha Singh, Mary Kom’s first coach.
Since the insurgency made it impossible to shoot on location at Mary Kom’s native village in Kangathei, Manipur, the scenes showing Mary Kom in her village were shot in Dharamshala, Himachal Pradesh. The sequences showing her life after marriage to Onler Kom in his village were shot at a hamlet on the outskirts of Manali. The rest of the biopic has been shot at Mumbai’s Film City, says Ravi Saharan, one of the assistant directors, who also happens to be the son of national women’s chief coach Anup Kumar.
Also read: I had to build those muscles in three months, what Mary Kom did in 15 years- Priyanka Chopra
Thanks to his father’s access to the boxing establishment and archives, Saharan could help director Omung Kumar get valuable material and sporting footage for the film. “I collected old recordings of Mary Kom’s bouts and old photographs from my father.
The way Priyanka Chopra gets emotional when the national anthem was played during the World Championships, in the last scene of the movie, is exactly how it was in real life, when Mary became world champion and stood at the top of the podium.
“We got the recording of that moment from my dad. He even helped us with anecdotes about Mary, such as how she keeps the Bible under her pillow when she goes to sleep. Kumar used some of them in the movie,” Saharan reveals.
Training to be mary
To get under the skin of her character, Priyanka Chopra trained for almost six months with professional coaches and national level pugilists who knew Mary Kom well. In the beginning, for two months, Priyanka took boxing lessons from national women’s coach Hemlata Bagdwal.
“After the first stint of training, Omung wanted Priyanka to train alongside a player, to understand a boxer’s psychology. So she trained for about four months with national-level boxer Jharna Sanghvi who has been part of many national camps,” says Saharan. “Priyanka boxed like a well-trained athlete in the movie and nobody can make out whether she is a professional boxer or an actor,” says Mary Kom. “She even visited Manipur and spent two days with me.” 
The man behind the champ
Had it not been for husband Onler Kom’s sacrifices though, Mary Kom wouldn’t have been able to achieve the heights she has risen to. After becoming a mother, Mary Kom’s father dissuaded her from making a comeback, fearing that she might spoil her reputation.
But her husband Onler Kom stood by her, gave up his own ambition of becoming a lawyer and relieved her of the responsibility of taking care of the kids.
“In a way, Onler is like a mother to my kids,” says Mary Kom. “At times I am away from my kids for months and Nainai especially misses me a lot. He starts weeping whenever I call home. In my absence, Onler also takes care of my academy,” she says. 
The MC Mary Kom Boxing Academy was launched in Imphal in 2006 to promote local boxing talent in her home state.
 
The reel and the real
While watching the movie, audiences may wonder just how much of Mary Kom’s life has been spiced up with filmi masala. “There is no change in my life’s script,” she says. “But yes, little bits of drama have been added. Who will watch a movie if there is no drama? For instance, I do go to church with my husband and hang out with him. But we don’t sing and there isn’t music running in the background! But you can’t have a Bollywood movie without songs. So I don’t think there should be any problem with the dramatisation, as long as the facts related to my life are not distorted.” 
Still, fellow boxers say that a few interesting additions could have been made to the biopic. “In the movie, Kom goes to represent the country directly from Manipur without attending a national camp,” points out boxer Preeti Singh, one of Mary Kom’s closest friends.
There are many interesting facets to Mary Kom that fans might not be aware of. Her agility and sharp reflexes, for instance, are part of boxing lore. During a national camp at Delhi’s Indira Gandhi Stadium in 2002, she killed a snake. During another camp at Hisar, Haryana, she was seen catching squirrels in and around the camp area. Whenever she finds time, Mary Kom likes to cook for her family. Although she mostly eats boiled food, she can also whip up finger-licking fish and rice dishes.
Although most athletes, particularly boxers, are known to be feisty and muscular, Mary Kom has her feminine, girly side. Also, she is a bit of a fashionista. She loves tuning in to Fashion TV and taking design inspiration for her clothes from the shows. Generally, she likes to wear Western ensembles, paint her nails in bright colours and buy cosmetics when she is abroad for tournaments. Mary Kom loves make-up. She says she can do make-up as well as the best Bollywood professionals.
Whatever she does, the five-time world champion makes a good fist of it!
Mary, Mary, quite contrary
HT Brunch quizzed the celebrated Olympic champion about the key moments from Mary Kom, and whether the celluloid depiction of her life is contrary to real life. Here’s what she said:
The air crash
If you remember, one of the sequences in the film shows Mary Kom as a little girl visiting an air crash site and picking up a boxing glove. An Indian Airlines plane did crash on August 16, 1991, at the Thangjing Ching mountain range near Mary Kom ’s village. There were no survivors. But in real life, the crash had nothing to do with her first brush with boxing.
Street fights
In the movie, Priyanka Chopra is shown engaging in fights for money. In real life,  Mary Kom did get into fights during school. At times they were sparked off by remarks passed by some unruly boys. At others, she fought while standing up for her friends. “I had street fights with boys but I never fought for money,” she says.
Finding love
The movie shows that love blossomed between Mary Kom and Onler Kom after a fight where she  was boxing for money in Manipur. She loses the bout and he offers to drop her back after the fight. But in real life, they met in Delhi after a training session in 2000. After a five-year-long courtship, they got married. 
A close shave
In the movie, Priyanka, playing Mary Kom, shaves  her head during a training camp. In real life, too, Mary Kom did the same. “While travelling to Bangalore for a camp in May 2001, Mary Kom’s purse and passport were stolen in the train. On the first day, she landed with a shaved head. When asked by the coach why she did so, she replied that somebody had stolen her things. To make sure God punished the culprit, she had shaved her head to symbolise the death of that thief in anticipation. “I realised that Mary was different from other girls in the camp,” recalls chief coach Anup Kumar.
The heart operation
The movie shows that Mary Kom’s son gets operated on while she is abroad for the World Championship in 2008. But in real life, the surgery took place in 2011, once she returned home. One of the her twins Khupneivar (Nainai) had a hole in his heart and got operated in Chandigarh.
The hole was detected during the Asian Championships in China in 2011. Mary Kom wanted to skip the championship, but played on at her husband’s insistence, and had a very difficult time in China worrying about her child’s health. She went on to win gold and caught the flight home the same night. She reached just in time for the surgery.
Coach Ibomcha
Rebika Chiru, a national-level boxer, first informed Mary Kom about women’s boxing being introduced at the Sports Authority of India’s Imphal centre. Just like in the movie, Mary Kom did go to the centre. “I went looking for Ibomcha sir [L Ibomcha Singh] while a training session was on. He told me to wait. He was ready to take me under his wing, but his contention was that I won’t be able to cope,” she recalls.
From HT Brunch, September 21
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

Yen hits six-year low after Tankan data© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5a79a7c-4931-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Commodity price fall good if doesn t signal recessionYou are here: Home > Collections > Maize
Falling commodity prices are good, unless they signal global recession
Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar, ET Bureau Oct 1, 2014, 06.46AM IST
Tags:
Bull run
(Historically, crashing…)
The stock markets have soared this year, with blue chips up 30% and some midcaps up 100% or more. Many analysts believe that, even without radical reform, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administrative dynamism will help raise GDP growth from last year's 4.7% to 5.5% this year, 6.5% next year, and 7% later.
Some stock market analysts predict amulti-year bull run .
This could indeed happen. Yet, India is now more globalised than most people realise, with international trade of over 45% of GDP, a current account deficit that needs to be plugged by global investment, and a stock market in which over half the floating stock of Sensex companies is owned by foreigners. So, India's fate will be decided by global trends as much as Modi's efforts.
It's a Bird! It's a Pterosaur!
Two worrying trends have emerged on the global scene. One is a crash in commodity prices. The other is an imminent rise in global interest rates.
Historically, crashing commodity prices and rising interest rates have often combined to create a global recession . Commodity prices have plunged 20% in the last six months. If this reflects a surge in global production after years of insufficient output, that can be a good trend that satisfies demand, lowers input prices for manufacturers, raises profits and tames inflation .
However, falling commodity prices can also signal a coming recession.
They may indicate an economic slowdown for reasons poorly understood by policymakers, and so not countered. The current commodity crash is definitely linked to an unexpected slowing of global growth. China, Japan and Europe are growing more slowly than expected at the start of the year. Chinese growth might actually dip below 7%, half its peak rate in the 2000s.
Recess(ion) Bell
Hence, the IMF is revising its global growth projections (in PPP terms) for 2014 down from 3.6% to 3.1%.
Note that a fall below 3% is widely accepted as a sign of recession.
Latin America, Russia and Africa grew fast between 2003 and 2010. As commodity producers, they benefited from the huge surge in Chinese demand.
Today, they are all feeling the heat of China's slowdown. Brazil, Russia and South Africa all face the danger of zero or negative growth.
World food prices used to be depressed by the dumping of surpluses by Western nations. But after 2005, food prices skyrocketed. Bad harvests coincided with the huge diversion of agricultural land to producing biofuels: ethanol from maize and synthetic diesel from vegetable oils. Back in 2005, the Chicago market price of maize was $2 a bushel and of wheat was $3 a bushel. After 2008, wheat prices briefly went into double digits and maize reached $8 a bushel.
However, prices have since downtrended, and after ups and downs, they have suddenly fallen steeply since May 2014. Maize is now down to just $3.25 a bushel and wheat to $4.75 a bushel. World cereal production this year is estimated to be 20% more than demand, so the surplus will keep prices down for some time to come. Soybeans and cotton are down one-third from their rates a couple of years ago. Edible oil prices have crashed. Rice prices have fallen only alittle, which is lucky for India, a major rice exporter.
Oil was just $25 a barrel in 2003 but soared to almost $148 in 2008. In recent times, the price of Brent crude has been around $110 a barrel. But this has now fallen to $96 a barrel, despite troubles in Ukraine and West Asia that would normally have sent prices spiralling. Iron ore has halved from a peak of $180 a tonne. Coal and metals are down to their lowest levels for five years.
Homeward Ho!
The second source of worry is the coming rise of interest rates in rich countries.
The US has for years indulged in quantitative easing, unleashing trillions of dollars on the world economy.
This has created froth, if not actual bubbles, in all asset markets.
The eurozone looks like getting into quantitative easing, and Japan is neck-deep in it too. The tidal wave of cheap currency from rich countries has boosted property and stock prices globally, including in emerging markets like India.
But the US is about to end quantitative easing next month, and will start raising interest rates next year.
Even if this does not happen in Europe or Japan — and it could — this may induce billions to flow out of emerging markets back to rich countries in search of higher yields. This is what happened in the summer of 2013, sending the rupee crashing from Rs 55 to Rs 68 to the dollar, before recovering to Rs 62 per dollar. Markets then recovered, but RBI governor Raghuram Rajan has warned that this could happen again. Combined with falling global demand and crashing commodity prices, it would be arecipe for global recession.
Maybe the rich countries will sense the danger, and ease money again to stave off a recession. Yet, as former adviser to Ronald Reagan, David Stockman, puts it, the trillions pumped by central banks of rich countries into the global economy have created asset bubbles that have to burst some time. We stand warned.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Toyota Kirloskar sales down 11% in SeptemberNew Delhi, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 15:39 IST
Toyota Kirloskar sales down 11% in September
PTI
AP Toyota Motor Corporation Chief Engineer Akio Nishimura right and Managing Director Naomi Ishii, pose with Etios Cross, during its unveiling, at the 12th Indian auto Expo in Noida. File Photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
In the domestic market, TKM sold 12,552 units in September 2014, up 4.46 per cent as compared to 12,015 units in September 2013.
Toyota Kirloskar Motor on Wednesday reported 11 per cent decline in total sales at 14,052 units in September 2014.
The company had sold 15,795 units in the September of previous year, Toyota Kirloskar Motor (TKM) said in a statement.
In the domestic market, TKM sold 12,552 units in September 2014, up 4.46 per cent as compared to 12,015 units in September 2013.
During the month, the company exported 1,500 units of Etios.
Commenting on the sales performance, TKM Senior Vice President (Sales and Marketing) N Raja said: “We have registered growth (in domestic market) this month. The industry is beginning to gradually turnaround. Positive market sentiments combined with the festive season is expected to boost sales in the coming months as well.”

If there is Modi wave  why BJP has called PM for rallies: SenaWhy so many Modi rallies? Uddhav asks BJP
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 01, 2014
First Published: 15:40 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:27 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Wednesday questioned the BJP’s Modi wave and rubbished speculations of his party allying with the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) ahead of the assembly polls.
Speaking from his Mumbai residence, the Sena chief took a jibe at the BJP, which announced that Prime Minister Narendra Modi would be holding 15-20 rallies across Maharashtra over the next 15 days.
“I have nothing personal against PM Narendra Modi. Just that if they were so sure of a win and had so much confidence, then why have they been announcing of so many plans of Modi rallies before the elections?” said Uddhav.
A decision on Union heavy industries minister and Sena leader Anant Geete’s resignation from the Modi cabinet would be taken after the PM was back from the US, he added.
Uddhav denied that he was getting together with his cousin Raj Thackeray, saying he called the MNS leader to enquire about his health.
“Why is the health of other people deteriorating with this call?” he added.

GAIL in talks to buy 2-2.5 MT LNG from USCove Point terminal
(GAIL India Ltd has taken…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned gas utility GAIL is in talks to buy an additional 2-2.5 million tons of liquefied natural gas from the US to meet India's growing energy demand. US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission late Monday approved construction of LNG export project south of Washington which GAIL plans to use for export of gas in its liquid form to India.
GAIL India Ltd has taken 40 per cent of the project's capacity to liquefy 5.75 million tons a year of natural gas for export in ships. The $3.8 billion project, being built by Dominion Resources at Cove Point, Maryland, is likely to be completed in June 2017.
"We have been waiting for this clearance and now we are confident of delivering US gas into India by 2017," GAIL Director (Marketing) Prabhat Singh told here. GAIL, which already has contracted 3.5 million tons per annum of LNG from US firm Cheniere Energy, is in talks with suppliers to feed the Cove Point terminal .
"We are in advanced stage of discussion and very soon you will hear some news," he said without elaborating. US gas, he said, will be cheaper than LNG imports from other countries as it will be linked to US Henry Hub rates.
Petronet LNG Ltd, the nation's largest liquid gas importer, buy 7.5 million tons a year of LNG from RasGas of Qatar at 12.67 per cent of the prevailing crude oil price. At $95 a barrel oil price, RasGas LNG at loading terminal costs over $12 per million British thermal unit.
Petronet has contracted LNG from Australia at 14.5 per cent of oil price. The US Energy Department has approved Cove Point's exports to both free-trade and non-free trade agreement countries, according to FERC's statement.
India does not have a free-trade deal with the US. LNG exports from US is allowed only to countries with which Washington has a free-trade agreement. Some terminals like Cove Point as well as Cheniere Energy's Sabine Pass terminal have however been exempted from this condition.
"GAIL is one of the rare companies whose both projects have all government clearance," Singh said. The firm had April last year signed an agreement with Dominion for booking 2.3 million tons per annum liquefaction capacity in the Cove Point LNG liquefaction terminal project located at Lusby in the state of Maryland.
Cove Point would be the nearest export terminal to the Marcellus Shale, the most productive US natural gas deposit. Under the agreement with Dominion, GAIL will procure its own natural gas and deliver it to the Cove Point pipeline for liquefaction at the terminal and loading into ships brought to the facility on the Chesapeake Bay.
GAIL already holds 20 per cent stake in Carrizo's Eagle Ford Shale acreage and has a deal with Cheniere Energy Partners to buy 3.5 million tonnes per annum of LNG from Sabine Pass Liquefaction, a subsidiary of Cheniere, from 2017-18.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modis Clean India campaign kicks off tomorrow  about 31 lakh employees to take cleanlinesspledgePrint
The Prime Minister has given a call for 'Swachh Bharat' (Clean India) as a mass movement to realise Mahatma Gandhi's dream of a clean India. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 5:25 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 8:20 am
About 31 lakh central government employees working across the country will take a pledge of cleanliness in various public functions to be organised on Thursday as part of the Narendra Modi administration’s ‘ Clean India’ campaign.
In addition, lakhs of state government employees have been asked to be part of this massive drive which will be launched by the Prime Minister in New Delhi on Thursday.
“It has been decided that on October 2, ‘Swachhta Shapath’ (cleanliness pledge) will be administered to all in government offices and public functions or events and cleanliness drive led by senior officers will be undertaken in all government and public offices,” Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth said in a communique to secretaries of all departments.
There are about 30.98 lakh central government employees in the country. Each central government department has made plans to administer the oath to its employees.
Home Secretary Anil Goswami will administer the cleanliness pledge to employees of Home Ministry and Personnel Ministry on Thursday in North Block premises.
The Prime Minister has given a call for ‘Swachh Bharat’ (Clean India) as a mass movement to realise Mahatma Gandhi’s dream of a clean India by 2019, when the country will celebrate 150th birth anniversary of the Father of the Nation.
“For a campaign of this nature to be successful, there is a need to create massive public awareness and to ensure participation and action for cleaning homes, government offices, schools, hospitals, work places, streets, roads and markets, railway stations and bus terminals, statues, monuments, rivers, lakes,ponds, parks and other public places.
“It is important to involve government and public sector officials at every level, non-government organisations, education and health institutions, rural and urban local bodies, self-help groups, youth organisations, resident and market associations as well as business and industrial chambers and associations in the cleanliness and awareness drives,” Seth said in his letter.
A variety of activities such as pledge-taking marches, marathons, debates, street plays, music and essay competitions, cleaning drives and other community activities may be used to focus public attention on this campaign and on the need for cleanliness, Seth said.
Meanwhile, the departments heads have swung into action and directed concerned officials to clear office premises of clutter, garbage, building materials, unused vehicles and others.

GVK Bio under scanner of European Drug Regul...GVK Bio under scanner of European Drug Regulator
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 05.19PM IST
Tags:
European Commission
(The review of medicines…)
HYDERABAD: The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has started a review in connection with findings of alleged non-compliance with good clinical practice (GCP) at a facility owned by GVK Biosciences, a city-based Contract Research Organisation.
The European body's action follows an inspection by the French medicines agency (ANSM) which raised concerns over study data used by GVK Bio to support the marketing authorisation applications of generic medicines.
"The review will cover nationally authorised medicines whose marketing authorisation applications included clinical data from studies conducted by GVK Biosciences Pvt Ltd , Hyderabad.
"The review of medicines for which studies have been conducted by GVK Bio has been initiated at the request of the European Commission , under Article 31 of Directive 2001/83/EC," a European drug regulator statement said.
When contacted GVK, a company official said that from May 19- 23, a regulatory inspector from ANSM inspected their Hyderabad Clinical facility and the company has submitted necessary clarifications to the French authorities.
"Further, we were invited by the European authorities, GVK BIO met the European authorities in-person last week, presented the data and demonstrated how we have optimised our processes internally.
"We are in the resolution stage and hope to close the matter to their satisfaction at the earliest. We are expecting the closure (of the matter) by October 26," the official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1tgVnNpDelamaide: Goldman tapes expose Fed weakness
Secretly-made tape recordings of Fed bank examiners show regulatory system isn't working.
Post to Facebook
Delamaide: Goldman tapes expose Fed weakness Secretly-made tape recordings of Fed bank examiners show regulatory system isn't working. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vv14Mi
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Delamaide: Goldman tapes expose Fed weakness
Darrell Delamaide, Special for USA TODAY 6:51 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
Carmen Segarra
160 CONNECT 39 TWEET LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON — "Regulatory capture" may sound innocuous enough as a term, but when you hear it in action it can be chilling.
This is what happened last week when secretly taped sessions involving bank examiners at the New York Federal Reserve were played on NPR.
What these tapes depicted were bank regulators who were timid and equivocating , deferential in the extreme to the bank they were supposed to keep in line, especially after Wall Street's flagrant disregard for law and ethics led to the financial crisis that crippled the world economy.
The New York Fed is the lead regulator for the main Wall Street banks and even has supervisors embedded in the offices of Goldman Sachs and others.
What emerges in the tapes is that the team embedded in Goldman is the very definition of regulatory capture — when regulators become more oriented to the institution they are supervising than to representing the public interest.
These sessions were taped by a member of that Fed team, Carmen Segarra, who was fired after seven months on the job and is suing the Fed, claiming it was her refusal to go along with this timorous form of bank supervision that led to her dismissal.
In one session on tape, as the examining team was discussing tactics for probing a Goldman deal one of them characterized as "legal but shady," this timidity was on full display.
"I think we don't want to discourage Goldman from disclosing these types of things in the future," said one male participant who remained unidentified in the transcript, "and therefore maybe you know some comment that says don't mistake our inquisitiveness, and our desire to understand more about the marketplace in general, as a criticism of you as a firm necessarily. Like I don't want to, I don't want to hit them on the bat with the head [sic], and they say screw it, we're not gonna disclose it again, we don't need to."
There are so many things wrong with that statement, it's hard to know where to begin, but in general it's a far cry from the tough enforcer we hoped we had after the clear infractions in the past.
And yet this recording was made in 2012 — after the crisis, after the Dodd-Frank financial reform, and after an internal study at the New York Fed faulted the exam process for this very lack of toughness.
It is not that it's really a surprise because it's clear enough in the string of recent billion-dollar settlements with no prosecutions that Wall Street banks are still too big to fail and still consider themselves above the law.
But to hear it loud and clear on the tapes makes it unavoidably clear why our regulatory system is not working.
Bestselling author Michael Lewis already dubbed this the "Ray Rice video" for the financial sector. Just as the security video of a beefy football player punching his girlfriend in the face and knocking her out has a greater impact than the antiseptic term "domestic violence," so, too, hearing the craven rationalizations of the Fed exam team brings home what "regulatory capture" really is about.
As with the Rice video, this documentary evidence also takes it out of the realm of he said-she said, because, needless to say, the Fed has impugned Segarra's claims, saying that she was dismissed for performance reasons.
Her lawsuit was dismissed in the first instance by a judge, Naked Capitalism reported , whose husband was a partner at the Davis Polk law firm representing Goldman at the time, and who by rights should have recused herself from the case.
Segarra is appealing the lawsuit, but in this instance she is just that elevator security camera recording evidence for the rest of us to realize what is really going on.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts Democrat who has been a scourge for Wall Street, on Friday called for hearings on the financial regulators based on "the disturbing issues raised by today's whistle-blower report."
The New York Fed's 2009 internal report, conducted by Columbia professor David Beim, was part of the trove of documents released to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission but largely unnoticed until highlighted last week by ProPublica , which worked with NPR on the Segarra report.
Beim's report said the New York Fed's "culture is marked by insufficient individual initiative and lacks fluid communication. There is excessive risk-aversion."
That was the culture at the bank after six years of being headed by Timothy Geithner, who became President Obama's first Treasury secretary. His attitude toward the Fed's regulatory role is probably best summed up by his statement during his confirmation hearings that he had never been a regulator.
The tapes show, however, that very little progress has been made under his successor, William Dudley, a former chief economist for Goldman Sachs. In fact, ProPublica notes, the head of the Fed team at Goldman, Mike Silva, had previously been Geithner's chief of staff at the Fed.
In short, we can safely assume that the incidents taped by Segarra are not an aberration but part of a lax regulatory culture that allowed the financial crisis to happen and has changed very little since then.
We can only hope that new hearings, when Congress reconvenes in November, spurred by the disclosures in these tapes, will finally light a fire under these regulators.
Columnist Darrell Delamaide has reported on business and economics from New York, Paris, Berlin and Washington for Dow Jones news service, Barron's, Institutional Investor and Bloomberg News service, among others.
160 CONNECT 39 TWEET LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vv14Mi
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1uda3l6FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Top 20 vehicles for getting tickets
The Subaru WRX is the most-ticketed car in the U.S. by percentage of owners pulled over, U.S., according to a study Insurance.com released today. More than one out of every three WRX drivers — 33.6% — reports
Post to Facebook
Top 20 vehicles for getting tickets The Subaru WRX is the most-ticketed car in the U.S. by percentage of owners pulled over, U.S., according to a study Insurance.com released today. More than one out of every three WRX drivers — 33.6% — reports Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vv7sTM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
36
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Top 20 vehicles for getting tickets
Zlati Meyer and Fred Meier, Detroit Free Press and USA TODAY 8:35 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
Insurance.com rated the Top 20 vehicles for getting tickets, based on percentage of owners recently getting traffic citations. No. 1 ticket bait: Subaru Impreza WRX at 33.6% (2012 STI shown here). 
(Photo: None Subaru)
No. 2: Pontiac GTO at 32.7%.(2004 shown here). 
(Photo: GM)
No.3: Scion FR-S at 32.6% (2013 shown here). 
(Photo: Toyota)
No. 4: Toyota Supra at 30.8% (1994 Turbo shown here). 
(Photo: Toyota)
No. 5: Subaru Tribeca at 29.7% (2006 B9 shown here). 
(Photo: Subaru)
No. 6: Volkswagen Rabbit at 29.6% (2007 shown here). 
(Photo: Volkswagen)
No. 7: Mercury Topaz at 28.8% (1992-94 shown here). 
(Photo: Bull Doser via Wikipedia)
No. 8: Scion tC coupe at 28.8% (2014 shown here). 
(Photo: Robert Deutsch USAT)
No. 9: Toyota FJ at 28.4% (2009 shown here). 
(Photo: None Toyota)
No. 10 Mazda2 at 28.1% (2011 shown here). 
(Photo: Guy Spangenberg, Mazda)
No. 11: The Hyundai Veloster (2014 here). 
(Photo: Evan Sears, Cars.com)
No. 12" Volkswagen GTI at 28.1% (2014 shown here). 
(Photo: Robert Deutsch USAT)
No. 13: Suzuki Reno at 28.1% (2005 shown here). 
(Photo: Suzuki)
No. 14: Scion xA at 27.8% (2013 shown here). 
(Photo: TOYOTA)
No. 15: Pontiac G8 at 27.7% (2009 GXP shown here). 
(Photo: GM)
No. 16: Mini Cooper Countryman at 27.5% (2011 shown here). 
(Photo: Mini)
No. 17: The Mitsubishi 3000GT (1995 here). 
(Photo: Adolphus79 vis Wikipedia)
No. 18: Saturn Aura at 27.1% (2007 shown here). 
(Photo: AP)
No. 19: Infiniti QX80 at 27.1% (2015 shown here). 
(Photo: Nissan)
No. 20: Toyota Prius C at 27.0% (2012 shown here). 
(Photo: Toyota)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

What Order Do You Pay Bills When You Cant Pay Them AllAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Bullish on Sun Pharma: Prabhudas LilladherYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Bullish on Sun Pharma: Prabhudas Lilladher
Published On:                  September 29, 2014                 | Duration: 11 min, 06 sec

California Megadroughtcalifornia megadrought
Six Industries at Big Risk in California s Droughtsix industries at big risk in california s drought
From Warren Buffett to OprahAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Fellowes Brands buys startup for piece of action-photography business0
Although John Fellowes didn’t mention action camera-maker GoPro by name, he’s clearly gunning for a piece of the surging sector. San Mateo, Calif.-based GoPro, which went public in June, closed at $91 per share Monday, a high since its $24-per-share IPO in June. Also entering the market last week was Polaroid, with its Cube, positioning itself as a lower-cost alternative to the GoPro.
Fellowes, founded in Chicago in 1917 as a maker of boxes for storing financial documents, still makes storage boxes but also makes paper shredders, air-purification equipment and mobile accessories.
John Fellowes said the Optrix acquisition broadens the company’s offerings, essential for it to stay ahead of ever-changing technology.
Office products “will always be a part of our roots,” he said. “But office products will change. And traditional office products will continue to decline.”
John Fellowes, the fourth generation to lead the company, said mobile accessories represent about 20 percent of the privately held company’s business in the U.S. and about 10 percent globally. He sees plenty of room to grow that, he said.
The company won a Chicago Innovation Award in 2007 for a safety device on its paper shredders. Dan Miller, co-founder of the Chicago Innovation Awards, said Fellowes knows the importance of product development.
“Fellowes’ future depends on innovation” Miller said. “If they can’t find it inside, they’ll have to go outside and acquire it.”
John Fellowes said the company was looking to expand in the mobile-accessories space and connected with Optrix founder John Willenborg at this year’s Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. They finalized the deal Aug. 8, he said. Optrix operations will be run out of Fellowes’ Itasca headquarters, though Fellowes said Willenborg will keep California as his base.
Fellowes said Willenborg, a motorcycle racer, got the idea for Optrix when he arrived at a race and realized he hadn’t brought his sports action camera. Willenborg had his iPod with him and secured it to his helmet, Fellowes said.
“He realized he could play back his race immediately,” Fellowes said, citing what he said is an advantage of the smartphone or tablet over other action-sports cameras.
The basic Optrix kit includes a waterproof case, plus two lens attachments that can be placed over the smartphone or tablet lens, Fellowes said.
Fellowes said Optrix will be marketed to the action-sports set and “also works for a family who just want to put a waterproof case on their phone and let kids take videos in the pool."

Top 10 in Forbes List of Wealthiest AmericansAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Durga Puja  Bengali styleUpdated: September 30, 2014 20:26 IST
Durga Puja, Bengali style
Durga Pooja
With four days of the puja remaining, here's where you can go to get a taste of all things Bengali
Saptami, Ashtami, Navami, Dashami…this is what you are likely to hear most Bengalis talk about while they meticulously plan where to go, what to eat and what to wear as the 10-day Durga Puja festival approaches every year. Perhaps the most important event on a Bengali's calendar, it's also known as Sharadotsav and Durgotsav, and is as much about Goddess Durga and her family as it is about pushpanjali, new clothes (two per day no less),hours of adda and entertainment at the pandals and food. This is the time to be in the City of Joy, where grand pandals dot every nook and corner, loudspeakers play a mix of Rabindra Sangeet and Bollywood chartbusters, streets overflow with rejoicing people, and an array of delicacies tempts one and all. But for those far from the epicentre of the celebrations, there’s hope. The Bengali population settled outside Kolkata has made it a point to make the most of their pujo no matter where they are. This means you don’t have to miss out on the festivities and pandal-hopping, without which the pujo cannot be complete. The festival is a crowd-puller and the pandals are a great place to experience secular bonding. They are also places where you can catch up with latest fashion trends. "During the day, you get to see the best of traditional wear — right from Masaba Gupta to Satya Paul saris. In the evenings, many prefer to give traditional clothes a miss for chic cocktail wear," says Paroma Ray, who visits Chennai every year to celebrate the pujo with her family and friends. But no matter what's trending, the laal paar shada sari is always a constant favourite.
Here is our Durga Puja guide, starting today with Shoptomi.
Dakshini, Anna Nagar
Their Dhamaka night is quite a hit. It takes place on Nabami. “We start by 11.30 p.m. and the dancing goes on till 1.30.a.m. The DJ belts out high-voltage music. It’s open to members and their guests,” says Vikram Pal Chaudhuri, convener – PR Committee. The youngsters have a blast and the older members, if they still have the energy after three days of revelling, join in and shake a leg. Apparently, the best way to burn off all the misthi-induced calories that pile up through the pujo.
Partho Pratim Roy, treasurer of the club, says, “We have six food stalls serving rolls, chowmein, momos, kebabs, fries, cutlets, sandwich, maach bhaat, chicken and mutton curry and sweets. The phuchka stall, of course, is always one of the most popular attractions and everything gets sold out in no time.” The cooks, and even the spices, have been brought in from Kolkata to ensure authenticity of the food. “Our dhaakis and purohit come from there too,” he adds.
Over the years, they have learnt to manage the large crowds that come for the bhog on all the three days and, this time, they are expecting 500 people for bhog each day. “It’s khichdi with vegetables, fries, chutneys, papad and sweet today and on Nobomi. Tomorrow, the menu comprises radhaballavi, aloor dum, cholar daal and sweets. And on Dashami, there will be a proper Bengali lunch, comprising steamed rice, shukto, beulir daal, poshto, chutney and sweets.”
As for entertainment, they bank on their talented members to put up a show. “Our ladies wing, Moitree, will be a staging a programme tomorrow, and it will be the pick of the lot.”
South Madras Cultural Association
When mishti doi beckons, there’s not much you can do to hold back. Your resolve crumbles and you give in. The South Madras Cultural Association, Besant Nagar, has got renowned mishti doi-makers from Nabadwip, in West Bengal, to whip up their signature dish for us. In addition, the association has 15 food stalls serving street food like rolls, fish with rice and even Chinese and Thai cuisine. The stalls will be open from 9.30 a.m. to 11.30 p.m.
Into its 36 year, this association expects 2,000 people for the bhog on three days. “On the whole, we expect 80,000 to one lakh footfalls,” says Prodyut Bowmick, vice-president of the association. “It’s good to see so many people becoming part of it. Only 20 per cent of our visitors are Bengalis, the rest are non- Bengalis,” he adds.
Early morning pujas, pushpanjalis and evening entertainment programmes, keep the pandal visitors occupied. And then, there are the dhaakis who have come all the way from Bengal. Their beats can give even a DJ a run for his money.
Dakshin Chennai Pribashi Cultural Association, OMR
Feeling nostalgic? There are large pictures of the Howrah Bridge, yellow taxis, the Victoria Memorial, Vidyasagar Sethu, and Uttam Kumar and Suchitra Sen as well. The theme at Dakshin Chennai Pribashi Cultural Association is ‘Looking Back in Time’. The newest association to enter the scene this year, DCPCA organises its events at Gems Inn Resort, Navallur. The distance maybe a deterrent, but the food stalls and entertainment lined up seem promising. There are the usual bong favourites — phuchka and roshogolla. Besides, there's an evening of music dedicated to Tagore tomorrow. "Tonight, Hindi rock band Gwbwration Gap will perform, followed by a play. On Friday, we have organised dandiya and retro Bollywood music by Jaya Rajagopal, says Lily Sengupta, coordinator.
The Bengal Association, T. Nagar
Oldest of the Bengali associations, it was formed in 1929. The premises look forlorn for most part of the year. But as the festival nears, committee members trickle in and out to plan the festivities, members rehearse for the functions and, on the days of the pujo, the place is bedecked and shining like a bride in all her grandeur. The idols are brought in and unveiled at a ceremony that’s called Bodhon (invocation), after which Godess Durga is believed to have come to life.
Subhashish Ghosh, secretary, says, “This year, we expect 20,000 footfalls.” The pushpanjali and bhog during the day draw a large gathering. The food stalls are a favourite during the evenings. This time, the stalls will be selling luchi, sweets, puffs, cutlets, rolls and mishti doi. “Cooks have been brought from Kolkata to cook the khichidi bhog that will be served tomorrow afternoon. Today, it’s steamed rice with traditional favourites such as poshto and on Ashtami it will comprise pulao,” he says.
Singer Olivia Chakraborty and her group perform this evening, followed by members putting up a musical show tomorrow and a dance performance by a group from Kolkata. This year, Ashtami and Navami fall on the same day. Which means pujo will be over a day earlier. But all the associations are celebrating an extra day anyway.
As Subhashish Ghosh rightly puts it, “Bangali toh, ekta din o miss kora jaabe na.” (We are Bengalis. We won’t miss out even on a single day.)
Eating out
To satiate the palates of Bong food enthusiasts, hotels and restaurants in the city are organising food festivals. The Bayleaf has a host of exciting dishes such as mochar chop, aloo chop, dhokar dalna, kasundi paturi, ilish maach, kacha lonka murgi...
For the vegetarians, Kolkata Q's vegetarian trolley offers rice and the usual suspects — shukto, mugger daal, poshto, aloo bhaja, doi potol, misthi.
Chef Rajesh, area director, food production, The Park says, “We get a lot of requests from our guests, asking for Bengali cuisine. That prompted us to host this three day food festival that starts today.” Ghee bhaat, chanar daal, pabda maacher jhol, chingri maacher malai curry, jhur jhure allo bhaaja…
For beguni (batter-fried brinjals), jhaal muri, and aloo potol, Paprika at The Courtyard by Marriott is a good option. And while you tuck into that malpua, you have Charulatha playing on the giant screen, along with Bangla gaan for company. Now, isn’t that a good way to eat your way through the festivities?
(The dates of the food festivals vary.)

The fading zest for brawny pointsUpdated: September 30, 2014 20:26 IST
The fading zest for brawny points
ABRAR AHMED KHAN
The Hindu IN THEIR GRASP- To register a win at the prestigious Dasara Naada Kushti is a matter of immense pride Photo: M. A. Sriram
TOPICS
customs and tradition
A sport once patronised by the kings of Mysore now languishes without State support. A peep into a garadi and the good old pehelwan’s kusthi
They call it ‘old school’ and old it is. You step into the near-century old Ustad Pehlwan Kale Bhai ‘garadi’ and you have scenes of a bunch of wrestling enthusiasts warming up with push ups and other ground exercises, some digging mud piled on the ringside and some others wielding the heavy ‘mudgars’.
The warm-ups are warmer than you think; too hot to handle by average standards in fact. “Our boys can perform 400-500 push ups in one go. Some even touch 1,000,” says Syed Arif, a veteran wrestler himself and chief trainer at the ‘garadi’. Standing at another corner is Renold Wasnik, a techie working at ITPL and the latest of Arif’s pupils, undressing and slathering his body with mud. “There is plenty of history associated with the soil you see here. It has been here ever since the ‘garadi’ began decades ago when our elders would sweat it out. We revere it greatly and it is a cardinal sin to enter the ring with impurity. We nourish it with oil and geru powder,” he says. Underlying its benefits, the utad says: “Soil is a natural energy booster for the body. It gives you strength and heals several body and skin problems. Wrestling can also help cure joint and nerve aliments. A good pehelwan can identify one’s body problems.”
“People spend hundreds of rupees at spas these days for body massages and spend more money in gyms. A kushti ‘akhada’ is a one-stop destination where all your body needs are taken care of,” Wasnik adds.
The young man from Chattisgarh knows a thing or two about traditional wrestling and has taken the trouble to find this old ‘garadi’ at Shivajinagar. “Traditional kusthi is a great way to keep fit. If you are looking to build stamina, this is where you should be. That is precisely why soldiers in the Army are trained in ‘akhadas’ and not in gyms,” he reveals. Wasnik, however, is one of those very few kusthi aficionados frequenting ‘garadis’ such as these. The traditional sport hardly has any takers these days. Getting Gen Y that loves executing WWE moves like the ‘Sweet Chin Music’, the ‘RKO’ and the ‘Tombstone Piledriver’ on PlayStations in the comfort of their homes to learn ‘daavus’ like ‘Eklaang’, ‘Kalaarjing’, ‘Dhaaku’ and ‘Dhobi’ takes some doing. The treatment meted out to the sport in Karnataka is not helping the cause, says Arif. “You’ll find that there is plenty of encouragement for kusthi in Delhi and Punjab. ‘Akhadas’ function in several parts of these regions. They have a huge pool of talent from where they find wrestlers to represent the country. Pehelwans and ustads are treated with respect there. We don’t get the same treatment here. Youngsters opting for kusthi are not even considered for sports quota in jobs and seats in colleges. If there is no encouragement, how will pehelwans come forward? No wonder we do not produce wrestlers who advance to national and international levels,” he laments.
This sad state of affairs exists in spite of the prestigious ‘Dasara Naada Kushti’ tradition that continues to date in Mysore. “There was a time when we would participate in the ‘Dasara Naada Kusthi’ competition with gusto. It is a matter of immense pride for any wrestler to register a win there. Bangaloren pehelwans of the past had an enviable reputation. A pehelwan by name ‘Jabbu’ was the talk of the town when he trounced the Mysore Maharaja’s pehelwan at the event in the days of yore. But it takes a lot to be able to participate in events like these as it is an expensive prospect these days,” says Arif.
“A proper preparation for a wrestler for such events begins two to three months in advance. A pehelwan’s diet will change accordingly and so will his practice schedule. It costs about Rs. 25-30,000 to prepare for events like the Mysore Dasara,” adds Jaffer B, a senior wrestler at the garadi.
And pehelwans do have heavy food intakes to take care of. “On an average, a wrestler consumes a minimum of two litres of milk and plenty of cheese, mutton and ‘rotis’ everyday. The brain has an equally important role to play. In the ring, your mind is constantly at work trying to gauge the moves being made by your opponent. A pehelwan has to make that split-second decision to counter a ‘daavu’ made by his opponent. In a battle of equals, they will take longer than usual to advance with a ‘daavu’ as the counterpart will also generally be a good judge of your moves,” he adds.
Indifference notwithstanding, Arif and his bunch of pupils continue to set the traditional ‘garadi’ ring on fire. “We are only pursuing our passion. It’s true that our sport doesn’t enjoy the glory it did before. But it feels good to pass on the knowledge and skills we learnt from our elders to these budding wrestlers. You know you are doing something when kids like these (Renold) look up the internet and come searching for you. There was this group of foreigners that spent hours at our ‘garadi’ just to and watch us perform,” he adds.

RBI Keeps Rates on Hold: What Experts SayYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
RBI Keeps Rates on Hold: What Experts Say
Published On:                  September 30, 2014                 | Duration: 41 min, 43 sec
Tweet
Experts seem to have differing views on RBI's stance to keep the repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent. While R Sivakumar, head of fixed income at Axis Mutual Fund says that RBI policy is less hawkish than previous policies; KVS Manian of Kotak Mahindra Bank terms it as 'slightly more hawkish than expected.'

Maintain Negative Bias on Nifty for Short Term: Angel BrokingYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Maintain Negative Bias on Nifty for Short Term: Angel Broking
Published On:                  September 29, 2014                 | Duration: 8 min, 25 sec

Core sector grows 5.8 % in AugustNEW DELHI, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 00:06 IST
Core sector grows 5.8 % in August
Special Correspondent
economic indicator
Good performance by the coal, cement and electricity generation sectors lifted the eight core sectors’ growth rate to 5.8 per cent in August against 4.7 per cent in the same month last year.
Coal production grew 13.4 per cent, cement 10.3 per cent and electricity generation was up 12.6 per cent, according to official data released on Tuesday. Steel production grew 9.1 per cent against 8.1 per cent in August 2013.
The negative-growth sectors include crude oil output, which shrank 4.9 per cent and natural gas production declined by 8.3 per cent. Refinery products output was down 4.3 per cent and fertilizer production fell 4.3 per cent. Cumulatively, in the first five months of 2014-15, the eight sectors grew 4.4 per cent against marginally faster than the 4.2 per cent in the same period of the previous year.

ABIS NICOLAS GONZALEZ / AFP - Getty Images  fileabis nicolas gonzalez / afp - getty images  file
Hero Moto Corp Gains on Hopes of Strong SalesYou are here: Home Market
Hero Moto Corp Gains on Strong September Sales
NDTV | Updated On: October 01, 2014 10:01 (IST)
Hero Moto Corp opened almost 2 per cent higher on Wednesday on strong September sales numbers.
Hero Moto Corp clocked a 30 per cent increase in sales during September at 6 lakh units.
The company attributed to the growth in sales to the festive season. Hero Moto Corp sold 1.7 lakh units during the first six days of Navratri, the company said.
This is only the third time that Hero Moto Corp has crossed 6 lakh units of sales, the company said.
At 9:35 am, the Hero Moto stock was trading at Rs 50.45, up 1.78 per cent on NSE, outperforming the broader Sensex and the Nifty which were both in the red.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 09:58 (IST)

Asian Stocks Mixed After Wall Street DeclineAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

NBFCs Fall on Worries about Bad Loan NormsYou are here: Home Market
NBFCs Fall on Worries about Bad Loan Norms
Reuters | Updated On: October 01, 2014 10:15 (IST)
Lupin Gains on Hopes of Hike in Foreign Investment Limit
NBFCs or Non-banking finance companies fell on worries that RBI may tighten norms for bad loans.
RBI on Tuesday said changes in the NBFC regulatory framework to be introduced by end of this month.
Shriram Transport Finance fell 1.5 percent, Mahindra and Mahindra Financial Services was down 0.7 percent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Apollo Hospitals Gains on Sanofi Tie-Up for Diabetes CareApollo Hospitals Enterprise gained 2.1 percent.
Apollo and Sanofi India Ltd will set up 50 clinics to provide diabetes care.
Analysts say Apollo would benefit by potentially attracting more patients to its main hospitals.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Jet Airways  SpiceJet Gain on Jet Fuel Price CutYou are here: Home Market
Jet Airways, SpiceJet Gain on Jet Fuel Price Cut
NDTV | Updated On: October 01, 2014 12:23 (IST)
Lupin Gains on Hopes of Hike in Foreign Investment Limit
Shares in airline operators like jet Airways and SpiceJet gained over 3 per cent each on Wednesday as prices of aviation turbine fuel (ATF) were cut by an average 3 per cent across cities on Tuesday.
Prices of Jet fuel were slashed by Rs. 2,077.62 per kilo-litre, or 2.98 per cent, in Delhi to Rs. 67,525.63 per kl, India's largest fuel retailer said.
This is the third reduction in jet fuel rates since July. Declining international oil prices have made imports cheaper, resulting in price reduction.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of airlines' operating costs and the price cut will ease the operating cost of cash-strapped carriers which have taken a hit on their financials due to high input cost, low demand and high competition.
Shares in Jet Airways have corrected 23 per cent in last three months and SpiceJet shares have declined nearly 35 per cent in the same period as against Nifty's 3 per cent gain in the same period.
As of 12.13 p.m. shares in Jet Airways traded 2.33 per cent higher at Rs 213 and SpiceJet was up 1.94 per cent at Rs 12.56, outperforming the Nifty which was down 0.30 per cent.
(With agency inputs)

Rupee Weakens to its Lowest Level Since March 4You are here: Home Market
Rupee Weakens to Lowest Since March 4
Reuters | Updated On: October 01, 2014 09:49 (IST)
The rupee fell as low as 61.95 per dollar on Wednesday, its weakest level since March 4, as traders unwound positions ahead of holidays and at a time when the greenback is gaining globally.
The pair was last traded at 61.92, weaker than its 61.7450/61.7550 close on Tuesday.
Markets will be closed from Thursday to Monday due to festivals.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Myanmar Awards First Licenses to Foreign BanksAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Mumbai attacks trial: Pakistan court adjourns hearing till Oct 15LeT operations commander Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi is one the main accused in the case. (Source: AP/file)
Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: October 1, 2014 4:14 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 4:25 pm
A Pakistani anti-terrorism court trying the seven accused in the 2008 Mumbai attacks case on Wednesday adjourned the hearing till October 15 as the judge was on leave.
The court sources told PTI that Anti-Terrorism Court Rawalpindi Judge Attiquer Rehman was on leave for some ‘personal reason’.
“Next Wednesday falls in Eidul Azha holidays, therefore  the court office adjourned the hearing till October 15,” they said.
The ATC Rawalpindi in its last Wednesday’s hearing had reserved verdict on the application of the prosecution lawyers that the trial should be held through a video-link or allow the witnesses to submit their recorded statements in the court.
The judge directed the prosecution lawyers to present the witnesses on next hearings.
The defence lawyers had strongly opposed the prosecution’s plea.
“This is a sensitive and in camera trial. The court proceedings will be accessible to many if it is allowed to be held through a video-link,” the defence lawyers said.
“How can the court trust witnesses statements in a CD form? It can easily be tampered with and in no way will be admissible in the court. Therefore, the court should reject the prosecution’s plea in this regard,” the lawyers argued.
Earlier, the prosecution lawyers had drawn the court’s attention to ensure their and witnesses security in the face of threats they received allegedly from the Jamaat-ud-Dawah activists.
LeT operations commander Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, Abdul Wajid, Mazhar Iqbal, Hamad Amin Sadiq, Shahid Jameel Riaz, Jamil Ahmed and Anjum have been charged with planning, financing and executing the attacks in India’s financial capital that killed 166 people in November, 2008.

J&K Floods: Kins of victims still search forbodiesVillagers near Pancheri and Nowshera are still looking for the bodies of their missing near and dear ones in order to perform their last rites.
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 1, 2014 5:48 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 1:46 am
Nearly a month after the large scale death and destruction caused by massive floods in Jammu and Kashmir , villagers near Pancheri and Nowshera are still looking for the bodies of their missing near and dear ones in order to perform their last rites.
While 66 people died when a bus got washed away in the flash floods at Rajpura Bhatta near Nowshera on September 4, around 40 villagers were buried alive after the entire Saddal village near Pancheri disappeared under landslides on September 6.
Among those who died when the bus got washed away, 14 dead bodies are still missing. The local villagers have formed small groups to search them in the nullah right from the site of mishap at Rajpura Bhatta to Beri Pattan near the Line of Control (LoC). “We know that they are not surviving, but we are searching them only to perform their last rites,” said Darbara Singh, one of the kins of the victims.
Similarly, Army troops and police have resumed excavation operations to retrieve bodies of 26 villagers from near Pancheri area where Saddal village once existed.
After recovering 13 bodies during a fortnight long operation, members of the National Disaster Rescue Force (NDRF) had left the site saying that it was not possible to recover more bodies through manual excavation. However, as it was not possible to carry heavy machines there in the absence of any road link, sources said that the government decided to construct a kuchha road there from nearest motorable road at Thathli.
The construction of 15 feet wide and 2 km long road by the Public Works Department (PWD) got completed four days ago, said PWD’s Executive Engineer U K Sharma. Now work is going on to recover bodies with the help of excavators, he added.
One more body was recovered on Tuesday, said Sarpanch of Panjar, Ramesh Singh.
After recovering 13 bodies during a fortnight long operation, members of the National Disaster Rescue Force (NDRF) had left the site saying that it was not possible to recover more bodies through manual excavation.

Super 30 fame Anand Kumar inspires students atMITHe would speak at Harvard University on Thursday.
Press Trust of India | Boston | Posted: October 1, 2014 5:39 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 5:44 pm
Technology should not create islands, but help develop inclusive society, Indian mathematician and founder of Super 30, Anand Kumar, on Wednesday said  and asked technocrats to move out of laboratories and work for betterment of poor through their specialised knowledge.
“Time has come for the tech experts to move out of the labs to get a feel of world’s pressing problems and find solutions. Problem across the globe is more or less the same – of poverty and deprivation. Spare a thought for those who don’t even get electricity and clean water even in this advanced age,” he said at the prestigious Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) here.
“Technology should not create islands, but help develop inclusive society,” he said adding human dimension to science  and technology would make world a much better place.
Kumar, who has transformed hundreds lives of underprivileged students through education was delivering lecture at media Lab of MIT, a statement issued by Super 30 said.
He would speak at Harvard University on Thursday.
“Technology should not just remain a tool to make big money. It should be made a big weapon in the fight against illiteracy so that even the poorest could get quality education, which a huge population of the world remains deprived of. This costs the world a lot of talent,” he added.
He gave examples of several Super 30 students who were first generation learners and from underprivileged sections of the society.
Experiencing acute poverty in his student days, which prevented him from attending Cambridge University for higher education, Kumar made it a mission to help wards of people from underprivileged sections realise their dreams by making to top technical institutions.
Launched in 2002, 308 students from Super 30 have made it  to IITs out of 360 who appeared from the institution so far.  At Super 30, food and accommodation are provided free of cost.  Apart from round the clock mentoring.
Super 30 has featured in the national and international news media. Japan’s famous actress Norika Fujiwara and its NHK channel have featured the initiative, as has French 24, Discovery Channel and CC TV from China.
Time magazine declared Super 30 the “best of Asia”, while Newsweek included it in the list of four most innovative schools of the world.

EU s Fiat deal inquiry can hit Luxembourg s ...EU's investigation into Fiat deal an 'all-out attack' on Luxembourg's tax practices
New York Times Oct 1, 2014, 05.24PM IST
(In its Luxembourg report,…)
By James Kanter and Mark Scott
BRUSSELS : The European Union's tax investigation of Luxembourg focuses on a single unit of the Italian auto company Fiat. But the implications of the inquiry could in some ways be more far-reaching for multinational companies and their tax accounting than the bloc's separate Apple-Ireland inquiry, experts said Tuesday.
"I think the European Commission has launched an all-out attack on Luxembourg's tax practices," Heather Self, an accountant at the British law firm Pinsent Masons, said Tuesday. "Many international companies run their group financing and treasury operations through Luxembourg-based subsidiaries. The commission is trying to bring Luxembourg to heel."
In its Luxembourg report Tuesday, the commission - the administrative arm of the European Union - said there was evidence that favorable treatment had been given to Fiat Finance and Trade, a unit of the Italian automaker. Luxembourg has denied having made any special tax deals.
While no other companies have been tied to the investigation, Self said the inquiry would be closely watched in many corporate headquarters because of the many multinationals that have operations in Luxembourg - despite its small size - less than 1,000 square miles - and a population of only about 525,000.
Any findings against Luxembourg in the Fiat inquiry could be awkward for Jean-Claude Juncker, the country's former prime minister who is the incoming president of the European Commission. Juncker has been accused by his opponents of helping to turn Luxembourg into a tax haven during his nearly two decades leading the nation.
For Luxembourg, the case has become a point of principle. It has been fighting hard to prevent any finding of wrongdoing. In April, the Luxembourg government brought two cases at the General Court, one of the highest tribunals in the EU, challenging requests for information by the commission concerning its tax matters, including elements of the Fiat case.
In a statement Tuesday, the Finance Ministry of Luxembourg said the publication of the commission's report was "a mere formal step in the procedure" that "contains no new elements." The government is "confident that the allegations of state aid in this case are unsubstantiated and that it will be able to convince the commission in due time of the legitimacy of the tax ruling concerned."
Joaquin Almunia, Europe's competition commissioner, has previously singled out Luxembourg for offering "only partial" cooperation in preliminary fact-finding in the Fiat inquiry.
Juncker, as president of the European Commission during the next five years, will control the commission's priorities and agenda. But experts said Juncker might not have the appetite - nor see any need - to influence any decision taken by Almunia's likely successor, Margrethe Vestager, who is still awaiting confirmation for that job by the European Parliament.
Juncker's "instructions to the designate competition commissioner are that she should pay particular attention to tax - and these are tax cases," said Konstantinos Adamantopoulos, a Brussels-based lawyer with the firm HFW who advises companies on state aid and tax issues. He is not involved in the cases concerning Apple in Ireland or Fiat in Luxembourg.
Luxembourg had long stood up for the right to determine its own tax affairs, but Juncker "would only stand in the way in this case if it's the corporate tax rate that is in question, but that is not the case," Adamantopoulos said.
Even so, if Juncker was "the architect of this special regime, then he should most definitely recuse himself" from any decision, Adamantopoulos said.
Juncker holds a single vote that carries the same weight as that of the 27 other members. But most competition decisions are taken by consensus. That custom has meant any need to call a majority vote has been rare. Vestager, whose hearing at the European Parliament is scheduled for Thursday evening, could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
Natasha Bertaud, a spokeswoman for Juncker, said the commission would remain independent under his leadership. "There are currently several open cases against Luxembourg and more will surely follow," she said. "As commission president, Mr. Juncker will oversee this stream of commission work as with all other member states."
FEATURED ARTICLES

eBay follows Icahn s advice for spinoff of P...You are here: Home > Collections > Ebay
eBay finally follows Carl Icahn's advice for spinoff of PayPal
New York Times Oct 1, 2014, 05.36PM IST
Tags:
(Only 6 months earlier, eBay…)
By Michael J. De La Merced and Andrew Ross Sorkin
At eBay's annual board retreat in Half Moon Bay, California, in June, the company's 12 directors found themselves moving in a somewhat unexpected direction: breaking up the company just as the hedge fund billionaire Carl C. Icahn had suggested.
Only six months earlier, eBay had rejected Icahn's call to spin off PayPal, the payment processor, which generated nearly half of the overall company's revenue. At the time, management insisted that keeping the company together made more sense.
But after months of long discussions about where the e-commerce industry was headed - the emergence of new payment standards; the rise of cardless payment systems for services like Uber; the hotly anticipated market debut of the Alibaba Group - John J. Donahoe, the company's chief executive, and his other directors began to see merit in setting PayPal free.
We "got to the same place that Carl said early on," Donahoe said in an interview.
By September, the directors had formally decided to pursue a strategy that their onetime nemesis had advocated all along. On Tuesday, the company announced that PayPal would be spun off as a separate publicly traded company, letting each of eBay's two main businesses chart its own course while maintaining most of their important business ties.
The spinoff, set to be completed in the second half of next year, is one of the biggest changes in the nearly 20-year history of eBay, in a single stroke reducing the company largely to its enormous online marketplaces. And it makes PayPal, which has grown tremendously since eBay bought it in 2002, an independent company free to pursue its own strategy.
Investors applauded the move, pushing eBay's shares up 7.5 percent on Tuesday, to $56.63.
The breakup of eBay is among the most prominent in corporate America this year, as companies have looked to simplify their businesses in hopes of appeasing shareholders hungry for ways to bolster stock prices. Spinoffs have been especially popular among activist shareholders, who buy stakes in companies and call for changes.
But the decision was especially notable given eBay's full-throated defense against the often vitriolic assault by Icahn, who called eBay among the worst-run companies he had ever seen and described Donahoe as "either incompetent or negligent." On Tuesday, even Icahn, a longtime corporate raider, seemed surprised by the apparent change of heart, writing on his corporate blog, "We are happy that eBay's board and management have acted responsibly concerning the separation - perhaps a little later than they should have, but earlier than we expected."
Yet Donahoe and other company representatives insisted that eBay had kept an open mind about the possibility of spinning off PayPal for some time. Icahn's attack in January came at the beginning of the board's strategic review process, before directors could take stock of the latest state of the industry.
What Icahn proposed was nothing new. Spinning off PayPal, he argued repeatedly, would highlight its own strengths while giving its management team the flexibility to look after the core business.
And creating a separate board for PayPal could help remove what Icahn contended were conflicts with its parent.
Yet Donahoe steadfastly rebuffed those demands, arguing that his company reaped benefits from holding on to one of the leading payment processors, and vice versa.
  "We and our board believe the best way to drive long-term shareholder value is to keep eBay and PayPal together, to capitalize on the opportunities," he said during an analyst call in January, after disclosing Icahn's intentions. "And the distraction and dis-synergies of separation would be happening exactly at the wrong time. We're in this window of opportunity of commerce."
Such was the strength of eBay's defense that Icahn eventually scaled back his demands for an independent PayPal and called for listing just 20 percent of the business on the stock market.
After settling a fight with Icahn in April, ceding him almost nothing other than the addition of a mutually agreed-upon director, the company gave few indications that a separation would happen anytime soon.
Ultimately, Icahn succeeded, though Donahoe contended that the company had arrived at its conclusion through "a deliberate process" and not by reacting to outside pressure.
Several factors were weighing on the eBay board.
Since its acquisition, PayPal has grown far beyond being just the payment processor for countless online auctions. Indeed, it has been one of the fastest-growing parts of eBay, accounting for 41 percent of its parent's total net revenue last year. Over the last 12 months, PayPal processed about $203 billion in payment volume and now has roughly 153 million active digital wallets.

DP Yadav on Shah stage: Birds of feather flock together  saysCongressPrint
Yadav with Shah at Ambala City. (Source: Express photo)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 6:14 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 6:20 pm
Congress on Wednesday targeted BJP chief Amit Shah over his sharing of the dais with mafia don-turned- politician DP Yadav during an election rally, saying birds of a feather flock together. Indian Express was the first to report about Yadav sharing the dias with Shah on Monday after ten years.
The party also expressed displeasure over the “mujrewala” remark which was reportedly made by Shah against Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda during campaigning for the upcoming Assembly polls in the state.
“We cannot advise the president of BJP as to what company he should keep… (But) there is an old saying, birds of a feather flock together,” party spokesperson Anand Sharma told reporters here in reaction to the matter of Yadav joining Shah during campaigning in Haryana.
Almost a decade after he was thrown out by BJP over his controversial background, Yadav was seen sharing the dais with Shah on Monday.
Yadav had accompanied Shah to three places in Haryana to canvass for votes for BJP candidates ahead of the Oct. 15 Assembly elections.
On the issue of Shah’s remarks directed at the Haryana Chief Minister, Sharma reacted sharply, saying, “I cannot respond to Shah by descending to his level and language. It is not possible for me to communicate in his language.”
Shah’s ‘mujrewala’ barb reportedly came at a rally in Hisar where he said that the Haryana chief minister has been dancing to the tune of the Congress high command in Delhi in order to save his chair.

Alcatel OneTouch launches cheapest phone at ...Alcatel OneTouch launches cheapest Firefox phone at Rs 1,990
By ET Bureau | 1 Oct, 2014, 06.08PM IST
The FIRE C has a 3.5 inch HVGA screen and 1 GHz processor and comes with stereo FM radio RDS and adaptive applications search.
ET SPECIAL:
NEW DELHI: Chinese smartphone maker Alcatel OneTouch Wednesday launched India's cheapest Mozilla Firefox OS powered smartphone, called Fire C2G and priced it at Rs 1,990.
The device will available exclusively through e-commerce major Flipkart .
"We are pleased to have Mozilla as a strategic partner. With Firefox OS, we'd bring an amazing smartphone experience to more people around the world. We are looking at strengthening our smartphone retail with exclusive partnerships with online and offline retail stores," Michael Chen, marketing director APAC for Alcatel OneTouch, said in a joint statement.
The FIRE C has a 3.5 inch HVGA screen and 1 GHz processor and comes with stereo FM radio RDS and adaptive applications search along with rich media and social messaging apps support.
"Our partnership with ALCATEL ONETOUCH will provide more users with comprehensive but affordable smartphone experience," Dr. Li Gong, President of Mozilla said.

With a bullet: Russia  China  caffeinatedWith a bullet: Russia, China and caffeinated underwear
By: John Waggoner October 1, 2014 8:26 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Some small cable companies are dropping television to concentrate on telephone and Internet service, thanks to the soaring cost of programming. Some operators say they are gradually being pushed out of the TV business as subscribers drop their expensive TV subscriptions and watch shows on cheaper Internet video services.
A federal judge tossed out claims from shareholders against the government over its treatment of shareholders in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
Who could have predicted that Bill Gross, lately of Pimco, now of Janus, could be wrong in predicting an interest rate spike? How about Pimco’s own chief economist, Paul McCulley?
(AFP,  ITAR-TASS Pool)
The Russian ruble is in the rubble, inflation is near 7% and Western economic sanctions still haven’t been fully felt. In the meantime, Russian defense spending will rise 85% between 2012 and 2017.

http://usat.ly/1xB8YWSChrysler, GM, Nissan sales soar; Ford down
Chrysler reports
Post to Facebook
Chrysler, GM, Nissan sales soar; Ford down Chrysler reports Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YT2tPU
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
22
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Chrysler, GM, Nissan sales soar; Ford down
Brent Snavely and Fred Meier, Detroit Free Press and USA TODAY 7:51 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
The 2015 Ram 1500 pickup.
(Photo: Chrysler)
144 CONNECT 105 TWEET 23 LINKEDIN 22 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Chrysler and General Motors reported that September sales of their cars and trucks soared 18.8% and 19.4% respectively, as the two Detroit automakers' performance easily outpaced the overall industry sales increase for the month vs. a year ago of 9.4%.
Ford, meanwhile, said its sales fell 2.7% from the month a year ago. Ford attributed its decline to trimming fleet sales and a planned pull-back on sales of its 2014 F-150 pickup as it prepares to introduce the 2015 aluminum F-150. GM is trying to take advantage of that opening as sales of the Chevrolet Silverado pickup jumped 54% to 50,176. Overall sales of the F-150 were down 1% from a year ago.
The industry's annualized sales pace for the month cooled off to 16.43 million, according to Autodata, a pullback from the torrid 17.53 million pace in August, but up strongly from the 15.43 million pace a year ago.
Among other among the six biggest automakers in U.S sales, Nissan Group also beat the industryaverage as sales soared 18.5% from a year ago to 102,955. Toyota reported that sales for its Toyota, Scion and Lexus brands increased 1.7% from a year ago to 167,279. And American Honda posted a 12% gain to 118,223, notably including an 18.8% jump for its struggling Acura premium brand to 13,832.
"Auto sales remained strong in September and rounded out an excellent third quarter, the best for the industry since 2006," said Bill Fay, Toyota division group vice president and general manager. "SUVs and crossovers continue to be the industry's hot spots, and (Toyota's) RAV4 and 4Runner both saw double-digits gains."
Subaru continued to be hot, with industry-leading sales growth of 30.7% from a year to 41,517 and edging out Volkswagen Group (VW and Audi) as the No. 9 auto seller in the U.S.sales for the month. Even as Audi grew 14.2%, the VW brand's slide continued with sales down 18.5% for total group sales of 40,913, down 9.%.
In September, all automakers continued to benefit from rising demand for new cars and trucks driven by a stable economy, falling gas prices, low interest rates and a favorable loan environment for consumers.
Chrysler continues to outperform the industry mostly due to gains from its Ram pickup brand and its new Jeep Cherokee compact crossover. Sales of the Cherokee, not on sale in the month a year ago, 14,639, making it Chrysler's single best-selling model in the month after the Ram pickups. Sales for the company's newest vehicle and a key model, the redesigned Chrysler 200 midsize sedan, were up 15% to 10,995.
By brand, Chrysler's sales in September increased 47% for Jeep, 35% for Ram, 14% for Chrysler and 6% for Fiat compared with the same month a year ago. Dodge sales declined 9%.
"Continued consumer demand for our new Chrysler 200 midsize sedan, our Jeep models and the Ram pickup truck helped Chrysler Group achieve a 19% sales increase in September and our 54th-consecutive month of year-over-year sales growth," Reid Bigland, Chrysler's head of U.S. sales, said in a statement.
GM's performance was driven in large part by demand for its crossovers, its new full-size SUVs and its pickups. By brand, Chevrolet was up 20% including the big gain for the Silverado, though also the Cruze compact car was up 45%. GMC was up 28% from a year ago – with the redesigned, full-size 2015 Yukon SUV up 93.5%. Buick gained 12%, led by the Enclave crossover, up 36%.
Cadillac continued to struggle, however, with sales flat from a year ago and all models showing declines except the new 2015 Escalade big SUV, up 136.6%, and its long ESV version, up 93.7%.
"General Motors' strong sales in September were punctuated by expected increases across the SUV and truck categories. Perhaps more surprising is the automaker's ongoing growth in areas like small and midsize cars," saidKarl Brauer, senior analyst at Kelley Blue Book. "The Malibu, Cruze and Sonic all were up in September, even as those categories lose share to the small and midsize SUV categories. Add in the high transaction prices GM is garnering for its large SUVs ... and you've got a company seeing broad success without an undue reliance on specific vehicle types or aggressive incentives."
At Ford, sales also declined for three of its top-selling cars and crossovers: Fiesta, Focus and Escape declined 17%, 8% and 3.9% respectively. That was driven by Ford's decision to cut fleet sales this year, said John Felice, Ford's vice president of U.S. marketing and sales. Ford's fleet sales declined 14% in September, 40% for sales to daily rental companies.
But the Fusion midsize sedan was up 9% to 29,452. And a good launch so far for the new Lincoln drove the brand to a 12% gain to 7,257.
"Fusion is selling strong, with five straight months of record performance and California driving more than 20% of our retail growth this year – more than any other state," said Felice in a statement. "Lincoln produced its best sales results in seven years with the recent introduction of our all-new Lincoln MKC."
Jessica Caldwell, senior analyst at Edmunds.com said the industry also is benefiting from an increase in leasing deals. "September sales are consistent with the strength we've seen most of this year," she wrote in a recent report. "Buyers have been able to secure low financing deals and have responded to lease offers in record numbers. These are behaviors that bode well for the continued strength of new car sales."
Automakers also are selling cars at higher prices than ever before, said John Humphrey, senior vice president of the global automotive practice at J.D. Power.
The average new-vehicle retail transaction price in September is $30,100, the highest ever for the month and exceeding September 2013 by nearly $450, according to J.D. Power.
More details and reports:
• Nissan Group's Nissan brand drove the sales gain with 22.2% growth to 95,118. The Infiniti luxury brand's weakness continued with sales of 7,837, down 13.3%.
"Nissan's refreshed core models like Altima, Rogue, Sentra and Versa continue to drive growth for our brand," said Fred Diaz, Nissan U.S. sales head, noting that a redone Murano midsize crossover goes into production next month.
Among Nissan leaders, the Rogue small crossover grew 51.8% from a year ago and the Sentra compact sedan was up 61%.
• American Honda's Honda brand sales were up 11.2% to 104,391 with broad-based increases across the lineup. The brand's refreshed 2015 CR-V is going on sale today, but the outgoing 2014 model had a sales gain in the month of 10.6% to 23,722. And the new-generation Fit is off to a strong launch with sales up 66.5% vs. a year ago of 6,628. The volume-selling Accord midsize sedan followed its August sales jump with another strong month, up 30.9% to 32,956.
While the Acura premium brand's RDX and MDX crossovers continue to drive sales, the new TLX sedan is reviving Acura's car business with sales of 3,884, second only to the MDX in volume.
"With the MDX and RDX as the best one-two punch in the luxury SUV segment, the TLX is proving to be the knockout punch we've been looking for in the luxury sedan arena," said Mike Accavitti, Acura general manager.
• The Toyota brand's sales were flat vs. last year at 145,427, while Lexus rose 11.9% for 21,852.
The flagship Toyota Camry declined 10.6% to 28,507 -- letting Honda's Accord take bragging rights for best-selling car in America for another month -- while the redesigned Corolla was down 11.7% to 20,530. A 12.3% overall decline in sales of Toyota and Scion cars was offset by a 17.4% jump in sales of Toyota crossovers, SUVs and trucks.
Lexus cars rose 15.8%, while its crossovers were up 7.1%.
• Subaru's nearly 31% jump was driven another big gain for its best-seller, the redone Forester crossover, up 18.5% to 12,584. Right behind was the newly redesigned Outback wagon, up 39% to 11,315. The biggest percentage gainers, however, were the redone Legacy midsize sedan, up 177.7% to 6,198, and the XV Crosstrek crossover, up 60.9% to 5,691.
• Volkswagen of America's VW brand continued to decline, with the month's sales plummeting 18.5% to 25,996 – led by a 23% drop for its volume Jetta compact and a 7.8% slide for the Passat midsize sedan. The redone 2015, however, is off to a good start with sales up 93% from a year ago to 1,887 and its GTi performance model up 47.6% to 1,600.
• VW's premium Audi brand, continues to be hot, with sales up 14.2% from a year ago to 14,917, a 45th consecutive monthly U.S. sales record for the brand. Notable in the report is that sales of its new A3 line of entry vehicles sold 2,340 in the month and the just-on-sale in September Q3 entry crossover sold 1,092.
• Hyundai said its sales rose 1.65% from a year ago to 56,010, led by strong growth for the three-row Santa Fe crossover (up 35.7%), two-row Santa Fe Sport ( up 34.5%) and compact Tucson crossover (26%). Also gaining were the sporty Veloster coupe, up 22.4%, while sales of the refreshed 2015 Sonata midsize sedan were up about 7%.
• Kia reported a sales gain of 6.9% to 40,628, putting it just a few behind VW Group in total U.S. sales.
• Mazda sales rose 6.7% from a year ago to 23,980, growth driven almost entirely by continued hot sales for its CX-5 compact crossover, up 28.9% to 8,097, and its redone Mazda6 sedan, up 34.6% to 4,263. Sales for the volume car, the Mazda3 compact, declined 9.1% to 7,859.
• BMW Group (BMW and Mini brands) reported U.S. sales up 3.2% to 28,874. An 8.6 gain by the BMW brand to 25,586 offset a continue downturn at Mini, where sales fell 20.5% to 4,219. BMW-brand car sales rose 12.1% to 18,981, while its crossovers were down 9.5% to 6,605.
• Mercedes-Benz USA posted a sales gain of 10.2% to 30,271, including sales of its Sprinter trucks and Smart minicar. The Mercedes-Benz-brand cars and crossovers were up 10.6% to 27,315.
The C-Class sedans, redone for 2015, were the volume leader for cars at 6,285. The leading crossover was the M-Class at 3,460. M-B sold 1,100 of the new S-Class flagship sedan, up 393.3%.
• Porsche reported a September sales increase of 16.6% over a year ago to 3,607. The VW-owned brand's signature 911 sports cars were up 19.2% to 726. The volume leader was the Cayenne midsize crossover at 1,196, down 14.3%, but the all-new Macan compact crossover added sales of 702.
• Jaguar Land Rover sales fell 9.6% in the month to 4,248, with Jaguar cars down 13% to 1,142 and Land Rover crossover  SUVs off 8.3% to 3,106.
• Volvo reported U.S. sales up 11.4% to 4,667. The volume leader was the S60 sedan at 1,763, up 14.1%.
144 CONNECT 105 TWEET 23 LINKEDIN 22 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YT2tPU
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1rufWdNADP: Firms added 213,000 jobs in September
Small businesses led job gains with 88,000 added in September, ADP reported.
Post to Facebook
ADP: Firms added 213,000 jobs in September Small businesses led job gains with 88,000 added in September, ADP reported. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YSWpqP
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
ADP: Firms added 213,000 jobs in September
Paul Davidson , USA TODAY 5:16 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
Private employers added 213,000 jobs in September, according to ADP.
(Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)
149 CONNECT 71 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Private employers added 213,000 jobs in September, payroll processor ADP said Wednesday, possibly signaling that the government's closely watched report this Friday will show a rebound in employment growth.
Economists had estimated that ADP would report 207,000 private-sector job additions.They predict the Labor Department's report Friday will show 215,000 payroll gains by businesses and governments, according to the Action Economics survey's median forecast.
ADP said small businesses added 88,000 jobs; mid-size ones, 48,000 and large companies, 77,000.
Trade, transportation and utilities led the job gains, with 38,000. Manufacturers added 35,000, and professional and business services, 29,000.
"Especially encouraging most recently is the increasingly broad base nature of those gains," said Mark Zandi, chief economist of Moody's Analytics, which helps ADP compile the report. "Nearly all industries and companies of all sizes are adding consistently to payrolls."
ADP and Labor track similar trends, but ADP's count has differed from Labor's private-sector job tally by an average 34,000 since Moody's Analytics began helping ADP compile the data nearly two years ago, according to High Frequency Economics. Last month, ADP reported that businesses added 202,000 jobs in August, while Labor's estimate was 134,000. Overall payroll growth slowed to 142,000 after six straight months of 200,000-plus gains, Labor said.
Many economists note that other labor market indicators have been positive recently, including initial jobless claims that have fallen to pre-recession levels. They expect the government to revise up the August figure.
The ADP total for September "supports our view that the disappointing 142,000 gain in official payrolls last month was just a blip," Paul Dales, senior U.S. economist at Capital Economics, said in a research note.
Labor's report on September job gains should be bolstered by the return of 17,000 striking workers, says Jim O'Sullivan, chief US economist at High Frequency Economics.
149 CONNECT 71 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YSWpqP
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Government of India announce the sale of four dated securities for 15 000 crore on October 10  2014Home » News » Press Release
Oct 01, 2014, 05.35 PM IST  | Source: RBI
Government of India announce the sale of four dated securities for 15,000 crore on October 10, 2014
Government of India announce the sale of four dated securities for 15,000 crore on October 10, 2014
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Government of India announce the sale of four dated securities for 15,000 crore on October 10, 2014
Government of India announce the sale of four dated securities for 15,000 crore on October 10, 2014
Post your opinion here
 
The Governments of India have announced the sale (re-issue) of four dated securities as per the following details:
Sr No
9.23% Government Stock 2043
3000
 The auctions will be conducted using multiple price method. Up to 5% of the notified amount of the sale of the stocks will be allotted to eligible individuals and Institutions as per the Scheme for Non-Competitive Bidding Facility in the Auction of Government Securities.
 Both competitive and non-competitive bids for the auction should be submitted in electronic format on the Reserve Bank of India Core Banking Solution (E-Kuber) system on October 10, 2014. The non-competitive bids should be submitted between 10.30 a.m. and 11.30 a.m. and the competitive bids should be submitted between 10.30 a.m. and 12.00 noon. The result of the auctions will be announced on October 10, 2014.
The stocks will qualify for the ready forward facility.
The underwriting of the Government Securities under auctions by the ‘Primary Dealers’ will be as per the “Revised Scheme of Underwriting Commitment and Liquidity Support” announced by the Reserve Bank vide circular RBI/2007-08/186 dated November 14, 2007. Bids for underwriting of the Additional Competitive Underwriting (ACU) portion can be submitted by ‘Primary Dealers’ from 10:30 AM up to 12.00 noon on October 9, 2014 (Thursday) on the Reserve Bank of India Core Banking Solution (E-Kuber) system.
The Stocks will be eligible for “When Issued” trading for a period commencing from October 7, 2014 – October 10, 2014 in accordance with the guidelines on ‘When Issued transactions in Central Government Securities’ issued by the Reserve Bank of India vide circular No. RBI /2006-07/178 dated November 16, 2006 as amended from time to time.
Ajit Prasad
Assistant General Manager
Press Release : 2014-2015/700

TCS has gained 10% this month  is it time to book profitsOct 01, 2014, 05.20 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
TCS has gained 10% this month, is it time to book profits?
TCS has been on a purple patch over the past few quarters and there is no reason to believe that the performance will be anything which we have not seen in the previous quarters, says Dipan Mehta.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TCS has gained 10% this month, is it time to book profits?
TCS has been on a purple patch over the past few quarters and there is no reason to believe that the performance will be anything which we have not seen in the previous quarters, says Dipan Mehta.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
TCS has gained 10 percent this month, is it time to book profits?
Below is the transcript of P Phani Sekhar and Dipan Mehta's interview with CNBC-TV18's Ekta Batra and Senthil Chengalvarayan.
Ekta: Fundamentally what you are expecting in terms of TCS  numbers when they do come out this time around and how would you approach it. Would you build positions ahead of its numbers?
Mehta: TCS has been on a purple patch over the past few quarters and there is no reason to believe that the performance will be anything which we have not seen in the previous quarters. So expectations are running high for TCS but then they have been so for the past 2-3 quarters and the company has delivered.
Having said that September is anyway seasonally a strong quarter for TCS. It is the quarter in which they have the highest margins as well and now with rupee depreciating the way it has it will get some currency tailwinds also benefitting them. I would say that one should remain invested in TCS at this point in time and no doubt the stock may have run up but it is more or less justified and in a way it is playing catching up with the rest of the market. Having said that we have a recommendation and investment in TCS.
Senthil: How about you, is it just a bet on the quality of TCS or is it also part of the move that we are seeing away into defensives, not just TCS but a whole lot of other IT shares have gone up. So will this continue for TCS?
Sekhar: It is both and since TCS happens to be the leader in the pack it just gets better. TCS to be very specific is just at the right place at the right point in time because as the US economy is getting stronger by the day expectations about discretionary IT spend are coming back. Now the last that you heard about this was in 2007-08 and after the financial crisis discretionary IT spend had gone out of the window and that had hit many Indian IT companies adversely. Now with the SMAC which is the Social Mobility Analaytics as well as Cloud which is the main driver of discretionary IT spend coming back and TCS happens to be very strong out there and it appears that it is almost a USD 200 billion opportunity and we are just seeing the tip of the iceberg.
Right now all these practices contribute to less than 10 percent of the large Indian IT majors but important point is these practices are growing at more than 50 percent CAGR which means that in another two-three years they will be contributing around 30-35 percent or a third of the revenues and TCS since it happens to be very strong out there it is almost at the forefront will be the prime beneficiary. So all the valuations are at a little premium compared to both the market as well as its other peers but they are justified because it is almost likely to clock 5-6 quarterly growth rate in US dollar terms. So it is a good idea to stay invested in TCS and rupee getting depreciated is just that much more advantageous to the entire IT pack.
RELATED NEWS

Bill Gates Tops Forbes 400 List of Richest Americansbill gates tops forbes 400 list of richest americans
August Infra Output Growth Hits 2-Month HighIndia's annual infrastructure output growth accelerated to a two-month high of 5.8 percent in August, government data showed on Tuesday, helped by a jump in steel and coal production.
The output expanded 2.7 percent year-on-year in July.
The sector, which comprises coal, crude oil, oil refining, natural gas, steel, cement, electricity and fertilisers, accounts for 37.9 percent of India's industrial output.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Risk of German recession weighs on EuropeRisk of third German recession pressures Europe
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN September 30, 2014: 10:24 AM ET
A new German recession would spell big trouble for the eurozone.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Germany risks slipping into its third recession since the global financial crisis, piling pressure on Europe to do more to stimulate its stagnant economy.
Tensions with Russia, slowing global growth and falling consumer confidence mean the region's biggest economy struggled to grow in the past three months, and may turn out to have shrunk for a second quarter running.
The mood among German businesses has sunk to its lowest level since April 2013, and expectations for the next six months are the weakest they've been since December 2012.
Across the eurozone as a whole, data released Monday showed that economic sentiment dipped in September for a fourth month in a row.
"Even the economic powerhouse Germany's sentiment fell, putting it in the frame for a third recession since 2008," said Angus Campbell, senior analyst at FxPro.
Data on prices and the labor market added to the gloom Tuesday.
Prices rose by just 0.3% in the eurozone in September -- the weakest inflation has been for nearly five years. And more than 18 million people are still looking for work across the 18 eurozone states.
 
Here's why there's no ISIS oil shock
Most troubling for policymakers at the European Central Bank will be the decline in core inflation, which strips out volatile prices for food and energy .
That will revive fears that Europe could slump into a vicious circle of falling prices and stagnation .
With France's economy flat lining, and Italy's contracting, much depends on whether Germany can bounce back.
The German government has spurned calls from within Europe and beyond to use its budget surplus to boost growth, emphasizing the need for more reforms.
In the absence of fiscal stimulus, pressure will build on the European Central Bank to go all in with a Federal Reserve-style program to buy government bonds.
Less than a month ago, ECB President Mario Draghi cut interest rates as low as he could, and unveiled plans to buy some loans and mortgages to stimulate bank lending. It was the central bank's second dramatic intervention since June.
Draghi will publish details of the limited asset purchase program Thursday. But Europe's weak prospects mean he's likely to have to do more -- at some point.
Markets seem to be preparing for a further divergence in policy between the ECB and the Fed, which is close to turning off the QE flow. The euro tumbled further against the dollar Tuesday -- losing 0.6% to trade at $1.26.
It has now fallen 9% since May, a sharp move that should bring relief to European exporters and eventually feed through into higher import prices, helping to combat the risk of deflation.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 10:24 AM ET
Most Popular

Microsoft to set up data centres in IndiaNew Delhi, September 30, 2014
Updated: September 30, 2014 23:51 IST
Microsoft to set up data centres in India
Staff Reporter
The HIndu Microsoft CEO, Satya Nadella making an annoncement at a press conference, in New Delhi on Tuesday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Satya Nadella, chief executive officer of Microsoft, announced this on Tuesday, saying that Microsoft would enable the "burgeoning entrepreneurial experience of Indians".
In his maiden visit to India, after taking over as the CEO of Microsoft, Satya Nadella, on Tuesday, announced that the company would offer commercial cloud services — Azure and Office 365 — in the country from local data centres.
The company will set up three data centres in three cities that will be operational by the end of 2015.
“Last year, our cloud business in India grew over 100 per cent. Buoyed by that success we have now decided to offer cloud services from local data centres. So, this means we will have Azure, which is our cloud infrastructure service as well as our Office 365 service, which brings together all of our productivity and collaboration capability to the Indian market, operated out of Indian data centres,” he said.
Cloud computing services in India presented a $2 trillion market opportunity, he added.
“When you think about the cloud opportunity in India itself, it is going to be a $2 trillion opportunity. Just as in the case of mobile devices, India was able to leapfrog with the adoption of mobile devices. I believe that the cloud infrastructure, especially world-class cloud infrastructure, is going to help Indian companies, Indian Government and every Indian entrepreneur, to be able to really revitalise the productivity of this economy,” he added.
Asked about the investment into these centres, Mr. Nadella said, “I can’t give you a specific amount but as we get started you will see the scale. The initial footprint itself will be quite high.”
Microsoft India Chairman Bhaskar Pramanik said, “…the establishment of our services from local data centres, I think is the most logical move for us. It is a significant milestone in terms of the investment we have made in the country, for the citizens of India, for the businesses in India, for the small and medium enterprises, for the developer ecosystem.”

Gino s East heading South of the BorderGino's East heading south of the border
Gino's East
Shauna Bittle, Chicago Tribune
Gino's East in O'Hare Plaza north of I-90 in Chicago on Thursday, Apr. 29, 2010.
Gino's East in O'Hare Plaza north of I-90 in Chicago on Thursday, Apr. 29, 2010. (Shauna Bittle, Chicago Tribune)
Gino's East plans to open Mexico City
Gino's East Mexico menu to include chorizo
Gino’s East plans to open its first international locations in Mexico City this year, nearly 50 years after setting up shop in Chicago.
The company, which got its start in 1966, plans to locally source fresh ingredients, such as mozzarella cheese, and add Mexican-style ingredients such as roasted poblano peppers, chorizo and pork known as al pastor to its menu, Vice President Noah Himmel said in a statement.
Gino's East has 10 locations in the Chicago area, including one in Wisconsin.

Murdoch s News Corp. to buy parent of Realtor.com for $950 million0
"This acquisition will accelerate News Corp.'s digital and global expansion and contribute to the transformation of our company, making online real estate a powerful pillar of our portfolio,” said the company's chief executive, Robert Thomson.
Right now, though, the firm News Corp. is acquiring sits in third place in a fast-consolidating industry. Realtor.com is affiliated with the National Assn. of Realtors and most of the nation's multiple listing services, but draws fewer unique monthly visitors than either Zillow or Trulia. Those two companies in July announced a $3.5-billion merger , which is currently being reviewed by antitrust regulators.
Executives at Move and News Corp. said their combo would beef up the site's software and subscription operations and its visibility, while bringing News Corp. a new, high-traffic platform on which to advertise its media properties.
"We certainly expect this deal to amount to far more than the sum of the parts," Thomson said.
Shares of News Corp. were down a bit in early trading Tuesday, while Move Inc. stock climbed sharply on news of the deal.
Keep an eye on housing and real estate in Southern California. Follow me on Twitter at @bytimlogan

Home prices see slowest climb in nearly two yearsHome prices see slowest climb in nearly two years
Home prices see slowest climb in nearly two years
Sept. 30 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg¿s Michael McKee breaks down the numbers in July¿s S&P/Case-Shiller index as property values climb by 6.7 percent, the smallest increase since November 2012. He speaks on ¿In The Loop.¿
Sept. 30 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg¿s Michael McKee breaks down the numbers in July¿s S&P/Case-Shiller index as property values climb by 6.7 percent, the smallest increase since November 2012. He speaks on ¿In The Loop.¿

Whats the irreparable injury to WisconsinBy Will Baude September 30
As Rick Hasen covers in detail , today the Seventh Circuit issued opinions explaining its recent 5-5 division over whether to stay an injunction against Wisconsin’s voter ID law. There’s a per curiam opinion by the panel, ruling for the state (i.e., staying the injunction of the law), and a dissent from the denial of rehearing en banc by five judges who would have ruled for the plaintiffs (i.e., lifting the stay of the injunction). The opinions are here .
Hasen has many criticisms of the per curiam opinion — including its assessment of the evidence challenging the law, and its reading of a Supreme Court case called Purcell v. Gonzales. It isn’t self-evident to me who is right about those things. (You can read his post to decide for yourself.)
But there is something else that troubles me about the per curiam opinion. The Supreme Court has said that the two “most critical” factors in deciding whether to grant a stay are the likelihood of success on the merits and whether the applicant will be irreparably injured absent a stay. The per curiam opinion discusses the state’s likelihood of success on the merits. It doesn’t discuss irreparable injury. So far as I can tell neither word (“irreparable” or “injury”) appears in the opinion at all.
Instead, the opinion proceeds by analogy, noting that the Supreme Court has recently granted some stays to the state in the various pending same-sex marriage cases. Since, we assume, those stays satisfied the irreparable injury standard, maybe these stays do too. That might be fine, but unfortunately the Supreme Court did not explain why it granted those stays. So we really don’t know whether they support the Seventh Circuit ruling or not.
For instance, I see at least three possible ways the Supreme Court could have dealt with the irreparable injury rule in granting the marriage stays:
1, the Supreme Court didn’t actually apply the irreparable injury rule.
2, the Court was concerned about the confusion of having provisionally-recognized marriages that might or might not remain valid after its ruling. (This theory is offered by the Seventh Circuit dissenters).
3, the Court relied on the proposition that “Any time a State is enjoined by a court from effectuating statutes enacted by representatives of its people, it suffers a form of irreparable injury.” I’ve seen versions of that proposition in several in-chambers opinions, such as this one by Chief Justice Roberts but I’m not sure if the whole Court has ever formally endorsed it.
The second possibility would support the dissenter’s view of the case; the third possibility would support the panel’s view of the case. I don’t know what we’d make of the first possibility. But in any event, the whole thing strikes me as an obvious question without an obvious answer, which makes it troubling that the panel doesn’t address it, even to mention the third possibility.
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

This market will steal the show in fourth quarterOct 01, 2014, 09.33 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
This market will steal the show in fourth quarter
On a year-to-date basis, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 has lagged behind its peers, up just 0.7 percent.By comparison, India's Sensex and China's Shanghai Composite have risen 26 percent and 12 percent, respectively.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
This market will steal the show in fourth quarter
On a year-to-date basis, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 has lagged behind its peers, up just 0.7 percent.By comparison, India's Sensex and China's Shanghai Composite have risen 26 percent and 12 percent, respectively.
Post your opinion here
 
As fourth quarter kicks off, there's one market in Asia that has investors excited: Japan.
The world's third largest economy may be struggling to shake off the drag from the sales tax hike that took effect in April, but a weakening yen, improving corporate profits and attractive valuations will likely power gains in equities in the coming months, say strategists.
"We are going to get a combination of value meeting growth – the Japanese market is cheap – so there's value, and on top of that we are going to get earnings growth," said Jesper Koll, head of Japanese equity research at JP Morgan Securities Japan.
Read More Japan economy still struggling with tax hike, data show
"[There will be] upward earnings revisions driven by stronger-than-expected top line growth and margin expansion. Corporate Japan has restructured and productivity is just about to explode," he said.
On a year-to-date basis, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 has lagged behind its peers, up just 0.7 percent.By comparison, India's Sensex and China's Shanghai Composite have risen 26 percent and 12 percent, respectively.
Koll's optimism was shared by several other strategists.
"We're overweight Japan. Abenomics is making progress, albeit slowly, the yen continues to weaken, which is good for stocks, and pension fund reform is a huge potential catalyst," said Simon Grose-Hodge, head of investment advisory, South Asia at LGT Bank.
China, India cheer
Asia's economic giants India and China are also expected to come out swinging, extending their solid gains so far this year.
Two catalysts providing gains in China's markets are the upcoming launch of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Connect scheme - which will give global investors greater access to domestic Chinese equities - and the Fourth Plenary Session - a meeting of the Chinese Communist Party's elite 200-plus-member Central Committee that is expected to focus on consolidating anti-graft efforts and deepening reforms for economic sustainable growth.
Read More With China set to open stock trading, investors lay groundwork
"We expect the Fourth Plenum will accelerate reforms, so we're positive on China. But you have to be a stockpicker," said Uwe Parpart, chief strategist at Reorient Group, who is positive on financial and technology stocks in the mainland.
For India, signs of an economic turnaround and fresh reform initiatives will help to fuel further gains in the market. Although market watchers caution that the easy money has been made.
"India's good a lot of good things going on, but you worry can it get any better than this?" said Grose-Hodge .
Read More India's Modi promises US CEOs a return to market reforms
Riding the US recovery
With the US recovery gaining traction, investors say export-oriented markets including Taiwan and Korea also stand to gain in the final three months of the year.
"Data out of the US has begun to show a pickup in capital spending – a positive for Taiwan and Korea," said Grose-Hodge .
Taiwan's Taiex and South Korea's Kospi index are up 4.1 percent and 0.4 percent, respectively, so far this year.
Pockets of weakness
Some Asian markets will struggle however, analysts say.
In Australia, weak domestic economic fundamentals, low earnings per share (EPS) growth and a domestic currency under pressure don't bode well for the stocks, warns Goldman Sachs, which has an underweight rating on the country.
Meanwhile, Hong Kong stocks are set to face challenges amid a rising interest rate environment, softer China growth and higher valuations compared with their mainland counterparts, say strategists.
"Hong Kong is caught in the middle of all sorts of stuff. Firstly, we'll have to see how the current political turbulence pans out," said Parpart. "On top of this, higher interest rates will be negative for Hong Kong, because the market is heavy with real estate, so there will be some downward pressure," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Videocon d2h files for IPO to raise up to $113 mnVideocon d2h files for IPO to raise up to $113 million
Himank Sharma     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 11:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Videocon Group 's satellite television arm Videocon d2h has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) to raise up to Rs 7 billion ($113.30 million), according to a filing with capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
The share sale of the company will be managed by seven banks, including UBS and Axis Capital, ICICI Securities and SBI Capital Markets.
Domestic firms are expected to come up with a raft of equity sales in the coming months on the back of growing demand for stock investments after a landslide election victory for Prime Minister Narendra Modi in May.
(Reuters)

Sainsbury suffers fall in quarterly sales© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1785d04-4932-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi says  Thank You America  as he leaves for IndiaModi says 'Thank You America' as he ends trip
PTI  Washington, October 01, 2014
First Published: 09:57 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 18:46 IST(1/10/2014)
Comments
Winding up his whirlwind five-day US visit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi "thanked" America for what he said was a highly "successful and satisfactory trip" to the country. "Thank You America," Modi said as he concluded his last official engagement at an event organised by the US Indian Business Council (USIBC) on Tuesday.
US President Barack Obama of the United States with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
After that he directly left for the Andrews Air Force Base, from where his Air India One took off for Frankfurt on route to New Delhi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama after briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on Tuesday. (PTI photo)
"My visit has been very successful. From here I am going to airport directly," Modi said.
Read: Modi, Obama announce better trade ties, joint fight against terror
On Tuesday Modi met President Barack Obama in the Oval Office of the White House, at the end of which the two leaders issued a joint statement that promised to take the India-US relationship to a new height.
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial in Washington on Tuesday. (PTI photo)
Modi was seen off at the Andrews Air Force Base by the Indian Ambassador to the US S Jaishankar and the Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Desai Biswal.
When he arrived at the Air Force Base a day earlier, he was received by the Deputy Secretary of State, William Burns ? both being unusual for a working visit like this.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama during briefing the media in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington. (PTI photo)
On Monday evening, Obama hosted Modi for a official private working dinner and yesterday the two met for nearly two hours at the Oval Office, following which the US President and the Prime Minister together went to the Martin Luther King, Jr Memorial.
Obama, it is understood, decided to join Modi on this visit which many analyst said reflected the close bounding the two leaders have established among themselves in such a close time.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (3rd L) speaks to reporters with US House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) (2nd R) and Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) (R) after meeting in Boehner's offices at the US Capitol in Washington. Also pictured are US Representative Steny Hoyer (D-MD) (back row, from L), Representative Joe Crowley (D-NY), Representative George Holding (R-NC) and Representative Ed Royce (R-CA)(Reuters)
 
Later in the day, Modi was hosted for lunch by Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the State Department, following which he drove down to the Capitol Hill for a tea hosted in his honor by Joe Boehner, Speaker of the US House of Representatives.
In the first leg of his five-day US trip, Modi spent four days in New York, where he addressed the annual session of the United Nations General Assembly on September 27, and stormed the Indian American community by addressing the diaspora with a packed Madison Square Garden in the Big Apple on September 28.
President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Martin Luther King Jr Memorial in Washington. (PTI photo)
In New York, Modi held meetings with a host of top American businessmen including breakfast with CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, while top American leaders like Bill and Hillary Clinton, and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
In all he met more than 50 top US lawmakers and three Governors including South Carolina's Nikki Haley.
During his trip, Modi visited the 9/11 Memorial in New York and the Gandhi Statue in Washington DC.
He held a series of meetings with the Indian diaspora, including the dinner that was hosted in his honor wherein he stood for nearly two hours to get photographed with more than 700 Indian-Americans.
Watch: Modi leaves for India contented, thanks America

Shares in Asia gain led by Tokyo up on weak yenOct 01, 2014, 09.21 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Shares in Asia gain led by Tokyo up on weak yen
Shares in Asia gain led by Tokyo up on weak yen
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shares in Asia gain led by Tokyo up on weak yen
Shares in Asia gain led by Tokyo up on weak yen
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Shares in Tokyo climbed Wednesday as the yen weakened further while a closely watched survey of business sentiment offered a mild surprise.
Japan's Nikkei 225 was 0.1% higher as the dollar hovered around ¥110, capping a string of recent rises over the last several weeks. South Korea's KOSPI and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 were 0.1% higher.
A stronger dollar benefits export-dependent countries such as Japan.
The Bank of Japan's July-September tankan quarterly survey of business sentiment showed a mild surprise, as confidence among large Japanese manufacturers rose to 13 from 12 in June despite the impact from the April consumption tax hike.
China starts a week-long holiday to mark National Day and markets will reopen day next Wednesday, but the official CFLP PMI was released and came in at 51.1, above an expected 51.0, and even with August's 51.1.
Hong Kong markets are closed Wednesday and Thursday.
Overnight, U.S. stocks fell as investors sold on the last day of the third quarter to re-position themselves for year-end trading in a session marked by lackluster U.S. data.
The Dow 30 fell 0.17%, the S&P 500 index fell 0.28%, while the NASDAQ Composite index also fell 0.28%.
Lackluster U.S. data added to Tuesday's selloff as well.
The Conference Board reported earlier that its consumer confidence index fell to 86.0 this month from 93.4 in August, whose figure was revised up from a previously reported 92.4.
Analysts expected the index to decline to 92.5 in September.
A separate report showed that a Chicago-area purchasing managers' index fell to 60.5 this month from 64.3 in August. Analysts had expected the index to decline to 61.9 in September.
On Wednesday, the U.S. is to release the ADP report on private-sector job creation, which leads the government's nonfarm payrolls report by two days. Later in the session, the Institute of Supply Management is to release a report on manufacturing activity.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Infosys to extend relationship with OracleUpdated: October 1, 2014 15:22 IST
Infosys to extend relationship with Oracle
N. Ravi Kumar
economy, business and finance
Infosys is extending its relationship with Oracle to “enhance support for a range of innovative solutions and services on new technology platforms.”
In a release on Wednesday, Infosys said these platforms will “enable enterprises to use Oracle products to reshape their business...". Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka, according to the release, said this in his keynote address at the ongoing Oracle OpenWorld in San Francisco. The relationship will expand across digital marketing, big data and Oracle Cloud Applications, "underpinned by investments from Infosys in Oracle technology."
Executive Vice President and Global Head, Oracle Practice at Infosys Ravi Kumar said, in the release, the combine of the “innovation power of Oracle and the global consulting and systems integration expertise of Infosys” will help organisations redesign and transform their operations.
Senior Vice President (Strategic Alliances) of Oracle Troy Richardson said Oracle and Infosys have worked together for over a decade. It has resulted in joint go-to-market synergies across Oracle’s entire portfolio.

Tech titan sounds alarm on stocksInvestors will feel hangover once Silicon Valley sobers up
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 30, 2014: 12:30 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Silicon Valley is partying like it's 1999, but there's a growing realization the good times can't last forever.
Marc Andreessen, an early Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) backer, sounded the alarm last week about young tech companies irresponsibly burning cash at unsustainable rates. The venture capitalist predicted many startups will "vaporize" when the market turns south.
Andreessen's warning was targeted at startup companies that don't trade on the stock exchange yet, but investors with exposure to tech stocks should not ignore these concerns.
If startups begin imploding, the fallout is likely to infect publicly-traded tech companies, especially those that aren't profitable.
"A company not very profitable is trading on hopes and dreams. That would damage those hopes and dreams," said Rob Enderle, principal analyst at the Enderle Group.
Related: Spendthrift startups will 'vaporize'
Time to wake up? All of this brings back memories of the dot-com crash of 2000. That meltdown sent the Nasdaq plummeting 75% from record highs, levels it's yet to hit again.
Enderle doesn't expect a similar tech plunge today because Andreessen's warning was focused on nonpublic companies. The dot-com bust led countless public companies to go belly up.
"Periodically, the market sobers up and makes an assessment of what a company really is. That waking up occurs in cycles. Maybe we're due for something like that," said Roger Kay, president of Endpoint Technologies Associates.
A number of tech companies, with varying degrees of maturity, have gone public to much fanfare in recent months. These include red hot GoPro ( GPRO ), cybersecurity company CyberArk Software ( CYBR ) and Alibaba ( BABA , Tech30 ), the largest IPO on record .
Related: EBay is spinning off PayPal
Cash-burning startups to 'vaporize' During boom times, investors tend to overlook the blemishes of a company's business model, young management team and lack of established track record. They focus on the enticing potential to get in early on what could be the next Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ).
"Investors typically just assume away the risk because they believe it's the next big thing. They never stop to ask whether or not they even have the possibility of making any money. Pretty soon they're backing dog walking services," said Kay.
In rant on Twitter, Andreessen said too many startups are wildly spending cash without thinking about the next rainy day.
In the event of a downturn, companies will find it much harder to raise cash or be acquired, he said . "Nobody will want to buy your cash-incinerating startup. There will be no Plan B. VAPORIZE."
The tech stocks most at risk in a downturn would similarly be the ones spending lavishly despite a lack of profitability. These companies are likely sporting expensive price-to-earnings ratios that already make them risky.
Related: The U.S. dollar is on top of the world
Enough runway for liftoff? Ariel Poler, a Silicon Valley angel investor, said he is also seeing some companies burn through lots of cash with the expectation another round of funding will come easily.
"Some of these companies will not be able to raise that cash and will get in trouble," he said.
Poler said one consumer business he invested in has a "pretty sizable" burn rate. However, the angel investor isn't worried because the company is on track to break even in less than 18 months and still has over two years of cash in the bank.
"The issue is less about the absolute burn rate of $100,000 or $1 million or $10 million per month. It's about: Do you have enough runway to get to profitability?" he said.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 12:30 PM ET
Most Popular

Royal Enfield September Sales Up 65%You are here: Home Industries
Royal Enfield Posts 65 per cent Rise in September Sales
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 16:30 (IST)
New Delhi: Royal Enfield on Wednesday reported a 65 per cent increase in total sales in September at 28,020 units.
The two-wheeler maker had sold 17,005 units in September 2013.
Domestic sales increased 66 per cent to 27,540 units last month as against 16,542 units in September 2013, the company said in a statement.
Exports during the month stood at 480 units as against 463 units last year - an increase of 4 per cent.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 16:08 (IST)

Waning demand hits factory activity across Asia  Europe | Fitch ups outlookWaning demand hits factory activity across Asia and Europe
By Reuters | 1 Oct, 2014, 04.50PM IST
Despite gentler price rises, China's figures were mired barely above contraction, Britain slumped, and the drop in new orders did not even spare Germany.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BANGALORE/SYDNEY: Dwindling demand cut factory activity across much of Asia and Europe in September, sending it to multi-month lows and raising the chances that global growth will slow in the months ahead.
Despite gentler price rises, China's figures were mired barely above contraction, Britain slumped, and the drop in new orders did not even spare Germany, the strongest member of the euro zone currency bloc, or France, its No. 2 economy.
With growth faltering, the data will dishearten policymakers in the 18-nation union as they struggle to revive inflation.
Euro zone factories' final September PMI was 50.3, a further slackening in pace and its lowest reading since July last year, as new orders contracted for the first time in more than a year.
"It is very hard to put any positive spin on the September PMI survey and contracting new orders do not bode well for manufacturing output in the fourth quarter," IHS Global Insight economist, Howard Archer, said.
The contraction came despite factories cutting prices for the first time since April. Preliminary data on Tuesday showed euro zone inflation slowed further in September to just 0.3 per cent, the lowest since the height of the financial crisis.
While the European Central Bank (ECB) is unlikely to move rates on the back of the lower inflation print at its meeting on Thursday, President Mario Draghi is expected to announce details of the ECB's asset-backed securities purchase programme.
But the clamour is growing louder for the bank to conduct full-blown quantitative easing (QE), involving buying sovereign bonds, as Britain, Japan and the United States have done, to thwart risks of deflation and revive growth.
Economists gave a 40-per cent probability of such a move in a Reuters poll last week.
"We suspect that there is still appreciable reluctance within the ECB's Governing Council to engage in full blown QE, so it will only occur if the euro zone returns to recession and consumer price inflation trends down further," Archer said.
FROM EUROPE'S ENGINE TO ASIA'S POWERHOUSES
In Germany, factory activity shrank for the first time in 15 months in September suggesting the engine of the euro zone economy may be running out of steam. In France the sector contracted for the fifth month running.
France defied its European Union partners on Wednesday with a 2015 budget setting out how it would bring its borrowing back to within EU limits two years later than promised, a retreat it blamed on a fragile economy.
In Britain, manufacturing grew at the slowest rate in 17 months in September as demand weakened at home and in Europe, a slowdown that is likely to be noticed by the Bank of England when it debates when to start raising interest rates next week.
Meanwhile, US factory activity is expected to show robust signs of growth in figures due out later on Wednesday that are likely to reinforce expectations of a rate hike by the Federal Reserve in the second quarter of next year.
The downturn extended to Asia, with China's official PMI of activity staying stuck at 51.1 in September, only modestly above the 50 level that separates growth from contraction.
China this week cut mortgage rates and downpayment levels for some home buyers for the first time since the global financial crisis, escalating efforts to boost an economy threatened by the sagging housing market.
Beijing has for some time found it can no longer rely on exports and manufacturing as an engine for growth.
In India, factory activity expanded at its slowest pace this year in September on slowing new orders and output growth, while in South Korea manufacturing activity shrank, fuelling fresh doubts about the strength of its economic recovery.
The slowdown in Asia comes at a time of subsiding price pressures. While that is sure to benefit consumers, it could hurt output as firms slash production to remain competitive.
And with manufacturers worldwide struggling, demand fears sent oil prices to their lowest in more than two years this week, iron ore a five-year trough and copper a four-month low - all likely to intensify disinflation risks in Asia and Europe.

Taiwan throws support behind Hong Kong democracy demandsTaiwan backs Hong Kong's democracy demands
AP
print
Taiwan, an island that China's ruling Communist Party has long sought to bring into its fold under the same "one country, two systems" arrangement it has for Hong Kong, has thrown its support behind Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement.
Taiwanese leaders also have urged Beijing to live up to its pledges for autonomy in the former British colony or risk further alienating the Taiwanese public.
A couple take wedding photogtaphs in front of pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong. (AFP)
"If Hong Kong can soon achieve universal suffrage, it would be a win-win for Hong Kong and the mainland, and it can greatly help narrow the mental gap between residents on both sides of (the Taiwan Strait) and allow for the relations to develop positively," Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou said in a statement.
"Otherwise, it may deepen the antipathy of Taiwan's public and hurt the future of the two-side relations," Ma said in the statement, dated Tuesday.
In August, Beijing rejected a proposal for open nominations of candidates for Hong Kong's first-ever leadership election, promised for 2017.
Instead, all candidates must continue to be picked by a panel that is mostly aligned with Beijing.
In response, tens of thousands of people have rallied in Hong Kong's streets since late last week to press demands for genuine democratic reforms that are in line with "one country, two systems," the arrangement negotiated for the 1997 return of the city from British to Chinese rule.
That constitutional arrangement initially was formulated by China's late Communist leader Deng Xiaoping in an attempt to reunify with Taiwan, where the nationalist government of the Republic of China settled in 1949 as its last stronghold after losing a civil war to the Communists.
The nationalist government's ambitions to reclaim the mainland later fizzled out, and the island became a self-governing democracy, although there has never been a formal declaration of independence.
Last week, Chinese President Xi Jinping put forward the "one country, two systems" arrangement for Taiwan again, only to see it openly rejected by both Ma and Taiwan's opposition party.
Speaking about the Hong Kong pro-democracy protests, Huang Di-ying, spokesman for Taiwan's opposition Democratic Progressive Party, said the city's residents had received "a birdcage election law that made a mockery of what the people of Hong Kong had come to expect."
On Tuesday, Taiwan's governmental Mainland Affairs Council issued a statement declaring its support for the pro-democracy movement in Hong
Kong and invoking its significance for all Chinese people.
"People of Hong Kong have long had high hopes for the implementation of universal suffrage, which can be used to test if the mainland has truly fulfilled its promises under 'once country, two systems,'" the statement said.
Should Hong Kong's democracy move forward, the council said, "it will not only ensure the long-term stability of Hong Kong, but also be of profound significance to the long-term development" of relations between China and Taiwan and "for the development of democracy and rule of law for the entire Chinese people."

Apple Pay signals a new era in digital payme...Apple Pay signals a new era in digital payment service
By New York Times | 1 Oct, 2014, 07.04PM IST
When a purchase is made, iPhone wirelessly transmits a one-time code along with encrypted customer data, which Apple says is secure.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Mike Isaac
Not a single purchase has been made with Apple's new payment system, Apple Pay, which will allow people to pay for everyday goods with their smartphone.
But the service, expected in the coming weeks, already has the technology industry scrambling to profit from a future in which apps could regularly replace cash, checks and credit cards.
If doubts remained about the far-reaching implications of Apple's entry into the market, they were almost surely cast aside on Tuesday. In a surprise announcement, the e-commerce giant eBay said it would spin off PayPal, long the dominant digital payment service - a move meant to make PayPal more nimble in a fast-changing market.
"The era of digital payments is upon us," said John Donahoe, chief executive of eBay, announcing the split to investors.
It remains far from certain that Apple Pay, which uses the fingerprint reader on recent iPhones to confirm identities, will become a hit. The promise of convenient and secure mobile payments has long been hailed - by startups and powerful companies like Google and Verizon. That promise has remained largely unfulfilled.
But the swift reaction by companies in the three weeks since Apple Pay was unveiled makes clear that how we normally pay for goods and services is ripe for transformation.
Square, a prominent payment startup, plans to allow merchants the ability to accept Apple Pay transactions in the future. Stripe, a payment processing startup based in San Francisco, has agreed to work with Apple to help more small businesses accept Apple Pay.
EBay's announcement, meanwhile, was an abrupt about-face. This year, facing calls by the activist investor Carl C. Icahn to split the company in two, eBay's executives vehemently argued that eBay and PayPal were more valuable together. PayPal probably has the most to lose if Apple Pay becomes successful.
"It used to be the case that the Internet was kind of the Wild West," said John Collison, co-founder and president of Stripe. "Ten years ago, people were scared of checking out on random websites. Now, consumers are no longer unfamiliar with online commerce."
Each previous form of mobile payment has run into one problem or another. Google Wallet, for example, was hamstrung by limitations on the types of phones and cellular networks with which it was compatible, leaving Google to focus its mobile commerce efforts elsewhere. SoftCard, the product backed by major wireless carriers, has seen little enthusiasm for its mobile wallet for similar reasons.
As a result, cash and credit cards remain the norm in physical stores. So consumers have been unconvinced that paying with a phone at the register is any faster or safer than doing so with a credit card.
And online, only 11 percent of e-commerce spending happened on mobile devices in the second quarter, according to data from comScore, an Internet market research firm. The rest is made on desktop computers, largely because it is easier to enter payment information on a desktop than a smartphone.
"Apple Pay is good for everyone in the payments ecosystem because ultimately, it increases the amount of transactions that are happening on mobile," Collison said.
With Apple Pay, which is expected to be available within a month, people can pay online or in person with their phone, using an iPhone's fingerprint sensor to check out, an experience that Apple says will be faster and safer than offerings from its predecessors. Many major restaurant and retail chains, including McDonald's, Whole Foods and Macy's, have signed up to accept payments this way.
Part of the scramble among companies comes from Apple's reputation for upending other industries. The iPod, for instance, revolutionized how consumers buy digital music. The iPhone has changed the way people use their cellphones in their daily life.
Companies large and small think Apple's payments service could potentially have the same effect.

Top 10 companies lobbying WashingtonTop 10 companies lobbying Washington
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN October 1, 2014: 11:36 AM ET
Check out which companies are spending the most to be in Washington's good graces.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Influence peddling in Washington is about as old as the city itself.
Financial and political pundits like to talk about how Corporate America's money controls politics, yet few people can tell you which companies are the Beltway's biggest benefactors and why they give so much.
The long game: For most businesses, it's all about the long game, according to Tim LaPira, a political science professor at James Madison University who studies lobbying and interest group politics.
"If you invest in the long term, you have the lobbyists on the ground who are in the know, building relationships with policymakers, agency representatives," he said. "When something comes up that effects their business planning, they're in a good position to act."
Related: Elon Musk woos Congress with space ship
What's interesting is that spending more on lobbying doesn't always boost stock performance. It can take awhile for big decisions to happen in Washington, so dollars spent one year may not show any impact until much further down the road.
A CNNMoney analysis of the top 10 publicly traded corporate spenders shows that only four had stock returns that beat the S&P 500 since President Obama took office.
 
Hobby Lobby ruling could change business
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is by far the biggest overall lobbying group in Washington. Industry groups dominate the scene, and it's difficult to know exactly who is behind them.
But some businesses also lobby on their own, spending big bucks without going through an umbrella group. CNNMoney used data from the Center for Responsive Politics (CRP) to took a look at which companies are openly lobbying.
Hey big (corporate) spender! General Electric ( GE ) tops the list since President Obama took office. The manufacturing giant has spent around $134 million on lobbying activities since January 2009, according to the CRP.
While the reasons vary, it's probably got a lot to do with taxes. The company famously paid zero taxes to the U.S. government in 2010 by using a series of deductions to report a $408 million loss in America, even though its international business made $10.8 billion.
Related: Crazy corporate tax loopholes? 'Inversions' are small potatoes
Comcast ( CMCSA )also ranked highly in recent years having dropped $86 million on lobbying since 2009. It's for good reason: the telecommunications conglomerate is currently awaiting antitrust approval for its $45 billion takeover of rival Time Warner Cable, a deal that has faced criticism for its being potentially anti-competitive.
But Comcast is incredibly well-connected in Washington, a strategy that has paid off in the past. In 2011, it convinced the government to approve its $30 billion acquisition of NBCUniversal.
Related: Comcast vows: We'll fix our customer service
Unsurprisingly, defense contractors including Northrop Grumman, ( NOC ) Boeing ( BA ) and Lockheed Martin ( LMT ) are also big spenders on the lobbying front, with the three firms combined shelling out almost $280 million since 2009.
The industry has ramped up its lobby efforts even more in recent years as fiscal pressures in Washington have put defense cuts in play.
Google is the new power player: Google spent almost $16 million lobbying last year, compared to just $4 million back in 2009. The tech giant has tussled with the Federal Trade Commission over net neutrality and has beefed with the NSA over surveillance of its customers' email.
Related: Google pulls out of conservative political group over climate change
"It's a common story in Silicon Valley that they had their entrepreneurial streak, they want to be left alone, want to innovate," asserted LaPira. "After a while, they learned that in order to keep doing what they do, they need an ear to the ground."
The full list: Here are the publicly traded companies that have done the most direct lobbying since 2009, plus a bonus:
1. General Electric ( GE ): $134 million
2. AT&T: ( T , Tech30 ) $91.2 million
3. Boeing Co ( BA ): $90.3 million
4. Northrop Grumman ( NOC ): $87.9 million
5. Comcast Corp ( CMCSA ): $86.4 million
6. Verizon Communications: ( VZ , Tech30 ) $86.4 million
7. FedExCorp ( FDX ): $85.7 million
8. Exxon Mobil ( XOM ): $85 million
9. Lockheed Martin ( LMT ): $78.8 million
10. Pfizer ( PFE ): $77.8 million
...
First Published: October 1, 2014: 7:23 AM ET
Most Popular

Infosys extends relationship with OracleYou are here: Home > Collections > Analytics
Infosys extends relationship with Oracle
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 06.23PM IST
(These platforms will enable…)
BANGALORE: IT major Infosys today said it has extended relationship with Oracle to enhance support for a range of innovative solutions and services on new technology platforms.
These platforms will enable enterprises to use Oracle products to reshape their business and create new innovation ecosystems, the company said in a release.
Infosys Chief Executive Officer Vishal Sikka, made these significant announcements in his keynote address at the Oracle OpenWorld in San Francisco, it added.
Infosys said it will use its Oracle PartnerNetwork Diamond Level Partner status, its global network of Innovation Centers, and its extensive experience of implementing Oracle solutions in more than 30 countries to help their joint clients gain lasting competitive advantage driven by the latest technology advancements.
Infosys and Oracle will expand their relationship across digital marketing, big data and Oracle Cloud Applications, underpinned by investments from Infosys in Oracle technology, it added.
In a separate release, the country's second largest software services firm said that it has partnered Stanford University to accelerate education and research in the field of data science and analytics.
Through its partnership with Institute for Computational & Mathematical Engineering (ICME), Stanford University, Infosys will develop curriculum in data science and analytics focussed on real-world problem areas, the statement said.
The two partners will also undertake joint research using data science to find solutions to key industry issues, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

2014 mild drought: Skymet; Not so  says MeTYou are here: Home > Collections > Drought
2014 mild meteorological drought: Skymet; Not so, says MeT department
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 05.51PM IST
(MET department has refused…)
NEW DELHI: With the country receiving "below normal" rainfall, a private weather forecasting agency has termed monsoon 2014 as a "mild meteorological drought" but the MeT department dismissed it saying around 70 per cent of the country had normal rains.
"Monsoon 2014 has ended in a mild meteorological drought. In particular, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi, Uttarakhand, east and west Uttar Pradesh, east Madhya Pradesh, Telangana, Rayalaseema, Marathwada, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura finished the season with deficit (lower than normal by 20 per cent or more) rainfall.
"Only Odisha, south interior Karnataka, and Jammu & Kashmir ended up with a positive departure of rainfall," Skymet said.
However, MET department has refused to call it a "drought" despite the country receiving 12 per cent less rainfall than the normal precipitation. The country received 77.8 cm rainfall as compared to the normal rainfall of 89 cm.
The official period for the Southwest Monsoon season in India is between June 1 and September 30.
Skymet said that only one sub-division, south interior Karnataka, received excess rainfall, of 21 per cent, while about 30 per cent of the country received deficient rainfall.
Skymet's Vice President G P Sharma said anything more than 10 per cent of deficiency is termed as a drought.
"There are three different types of droughts - hydrological, meteorological and agricultural. This can be termed as a moderate meteorological drought," Sharma said.
The government, however, sought to differ. "Declaring drought is not our mandate. We only collect the data and the job of declaring a drought lies with the Ministry of Agriculture and the state government.
"The country has received 88 per cent rainfall and it is only few pockets that have received less rainfall," said Shailesh Nayak, Secretary, Ministry of Earth Science.
"Around 70 per cent of the country has received normal rainfall and only 30 per cent received deficient monsoon. Many subdivisions have received less rainfall, but that does not mean the entire country is facing the same problem.
So it would not be right to call it a drought year. We monitor rainfall declare rainfall deficiency," IMD Director General Laxman Singh Rathore said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why has BJP called Narendra Modi for rallies if there is Modi wave: SenaWhy so many Modi rallies? Uddhav asks BJP
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 01, 2014
First Published: 15:40 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:27 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Wednesday questioned the BJP’s Modi wave and rubbished speculations of his party allying with the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) ahead of the assembly polls.
Speaking from his Mumbai residence, the Sena chief took a jibe at the BJP, which announced that Prime Minister Narendra Modi would be holding 15-20 rallies across Maharashtra over the next 15 days.
“I have nothing personal against PM Narendra Modi. Just that if they were so sure of a win and had so much confidence, then why have they been announcing of so many plans of Modi rallies before the elections?” said Uddhav.
A decision on Union heavy industries minister and Sena leader Anant Geete’s resignation from the Modi cabinet would be taken after the PM was back from the US, he added.
Uddhav denied that he was getting together with his cousin Raj Thackeray, saying he called the MNS leader to enquire about his health.
“Why is the health of other people deteriorating with this call?” he added.

RPower plans Rs 50 000 cr capex over next 5 yearsOct 01, 2014, 04.32 PM IST  | Source: PTI
RPower plans Rs 50,000 cr capex over next 5 years
RPower chairman Anil Ambani said the company has invested in projects like the 600-mw Butibori project in Maharashtra, the 4,000-mw Sasan UMPP and coal production in the region, the 40-mw solar project in Rajasthan and other wind-based projects.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
RPower plans Rs 50,000 cr capex over next 5 years
RPower chairman Anil Ambani said the company has invested in projects like the 600-mw Butibori project in Maharashtra, the 4,000-mw Sasan UMPP and coal production in the region, the 40-mw solar project in Rajasthan and other wind-based projects.
Post your opinion here
 
Reliance Power  (RPower) plans to invest nearly Rs 50,000 crore in the next five years to undertake various expansion projects, including increasing power generation and coal production.
"We will complete our first phase of investments of Rs 50,000 crore, in development projects, this fiscal. We now plan to invest another Rs 50,000 crore in the next five years for undertaking various expansion projects," RPower chairman Anil Ambani told shareholders during the AGM.
He said the company has invested in projects like the 600-mw Butibori project in Maharashtra, the 4,000-mw Sasan UMPP and coal production in the region, the 40-mw solar project in Rajasthan and other wind-based projects.
"These projects are coming to financial closure and most of them have begun operations," Ambani said.
He said the funds will be used to commence power generation from its 4,000-mw ultra mega power project in Tilaiya in Jharkhand as well as the coal production, with a capacity of 40 mt per annum, linked with it and the 700-mw Tato hydel project in Arunachal.
"The Supreme Court has cancelled the allocation of coal blocks but four and two of them which are linked to our UMPPs in Sasan in MP and Tilaiya in Jharkhand belong to us. We have coal blocks with a total capacity of 65 mt of coal and once they are operational we will be the largest coal producer in the country," he said.
Ambani further said the company is mulling participating in the government's plans to set up solar UMPPs in various parts.
"We are actively considering participating in the government's plan to set up solar UMPPs in India. The government will announce the UMPP schemes and each project is likely to be as large as 500 mw each. We will support one of them," Ambani said.
Replying to a shareholder's query about the proposed 7,480 mw Dadri gas-based project in Uttar Pradesh, he said, "based on the overall scenario we have decided to give back 2000 acres acquired for the Dadri project to the state which will in turn give it back to the owners."
However, he said "as and when the gas scenario changes, we will have exposure to largest 2,400-mw gas based Samalkot project in Andhra".
"We hope the government will take efforts to put the capacity of nearly 28,000mw which is lying idle due to lack of gas to productive use as these are national assets. There were assurances from the government when these plants were built that gas will be supplied.
"As the government reviews the gas based pooling combining domestic and imported fuel, we believe gas based plants will start in near future," Ambani added.
Reliance Power stock price
On November 24, 2014, at  11:08 hrs Reliance Power was quoting at Rs 71.25, up Rs 0.20, or 0.28 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 113.20 and the 52-week low was Rs 60.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.04 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 1781.25. The latest book value of the company is Rs 60.02 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.19.
RELATED NEWS

Congress releases manifesto in Haryana; woos farmers  promises growthOct 01, 2014 at 05:02pm IST
Congress releases manifesto in Haryana; woos farmers, promises growth
20
0
Chandigarh: Congress, seeking a third term in a row in Haryana, on Wednesday released its election manifesto for the October 15 polls, attempting to woo farmers and other sections, even as Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda promised to put the state on higher growth trajectory.
Seeking mandate in the name of development while promising to carry out welfare projects in various fields, the 23-page manifesto lays thrust on agriculture and horticulture, irrigation, energy, industry, trade, commerce, FDI, health, besides employment, women empowerment, Scheduled Caste and Backward Classes, urban and rural development and education with a promise to set up an university in every district.
The document says efforts for a separate high court for Haryana in Chandigarh will continue, mining will be resumed after getting approval from the Environment Department, students union elections will be permitted in universities and colleges while a roadmap will be prepared for each of the 90 Assembly segments so that their needs are fully met.
Efforts will continue to secure Centre's approval to lower the interest rate on long-term loans of farmers to 4 per cent.
#haryana #haryana assembly elections 2014 #congress #farmers
The manifesto was released at Panchkula jointly by Hooda, Congress General Secretary and party state in-charge Shakeel Ahmed, party Secretary Asha Kumari, chairman of the Manifesto Committee Ram Prakash, state Congress chief Ashok Tanwar and former MP Naveen Jindal. It was read out by Prakash.
Hooda said, "Congress does not want to sit on its past laurels, but intends to continue the unprecedented path of development growth and prosperity of Haryana in its endeavour to serve effectively. Now, we want to put Haryana on higher growth trajectory."
Haryana being a leading agrarian state, the manifesto says the government will pay 100 per cent interest of the farmer who return the short-term loan regularly and 50 per cent interest of the farmer who return the long-term loan regularly. Land acquisition policy will be further rationalised.
Efforts will continue to secure Centre's approval to lower the interest rate on long-term loans of farmers to 4 per cent. Credit limit to the farmers will be provided on the similar pattern as industrialists. Organic farming will be promoted.
Minimum Support Prices of potatoes, onions and tomatoes, like other crops, should be fixed to safeguard the producers from being exploited and attempt will be made to persuade the Centre for this, the manifesto says.
With Traori in Karnal region famous for production of Basmati rice, a modern 'Rice Improvement Centre' will be set up there while Basmati festival will also be held each year, it said. A national-level vegetable and fruit market will be built in every district.
5

Chrysler s US Sales Jump 19 Percent in SeptemberAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

XOLO Q2100 offers fingerprint scanner for just Rs13 499The fingerprint sensor is on the rear of the XOLO Q2100
Tech Desk | Posted: October 1, 2014 6:38 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 4:57 pm
You no longer need to save up to buy a top-end iPhone or Samsung Galaxy device to use the fingerprint scanner. The new XOLO Q2100 will give you this smartphone security feature for just Rs 13,499.
The fingerprint scanner is definetely more secure than pattern, pin or password locks as only the owner can access the device and you cannot forget the fingerprint. However, the feature could prove to be a bit of a pain if you want to share your phone with family. So the fingerprint sensor on the rear of the XOLO Q2100 allows users to enroll a maximum of three fingers for authentication. The sensor is also integrated with LastPass making it easier to manage passwords.
The XOLO Q2100 has a 5.5-inch HD IPS display and DTS surround sound. The Android 4.4 KitKat phone has a quad-core 1.3 GHz CPU with 1GB LPDDR3 RAM. There is a 8 MP rear camera with Exmor R sensor and a 2 MP front camera.
The phone also feature the Smart Touch Gesture to open apps with pre-assigned gestures  even when the phone is in sleep mode. The phone has a 2800 mAh Battery and supports two SIMs (3G+2G).

Nothing new has come out of Modis US visit  says AmarinderSinghPrint
Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: October 1, 2014 6:36 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 6:38 pm
Asking what was the new outcome of the just-concluded US visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Congress leader Amarinder Singh on Wednesday said Modi’s stand on economy was “vague at best and self contradictory at worst”.
The Congress Deputy Leader in the Lok Sabha asked the Prime Minister to spell out to the nation as what new and fresh he achieved for the country from his recent US visit.
Asserting that Modi’s stand on economy was “vague at best and self contradictory at worst”, he said, “Let us see how much fresh investment has been promised and how much is delivered.”
“While on the one hand he is extending invite to the investors abroad, at home his government and his party have vigorously been opposing several reforms like the foreign direct investment in the retail sector,” he said.
“Hype and hyperbole apart, the Indo-US strategic partnership is a long and continuous process and it would be wrong to relate it with one single event or one single visit of a Prime Minister to that country,” he remarked in a statement issued in Chandigarh.
He asked the Prime Minister that the “nation was curious to know as what were your substantial achievements during the current visit which the previous government had not been able to do”.
“As the dust starts to settle down over the PM’s recent US visit, it emerges that at best Modi has been able to get a commitment over the continuation of the strategic partnership between India and the US built up by previous UPA government,” Amarinder said.
Pointing out that whether it is taking further the Indo-US Nuclear Deal, which incidentally the BJP had opposed so vigorously and had brought a No-Confidence Motion against the UPA government over it, or announcing to set up an Indo-US Inter agency to speed up setting of US built nuclear reactors in India, he said there is nothing new that has come out of the visit.

Anant Geete rules out resignation  says Shiv Sena still part ofNDAPrint
On the possibility of a post-poll alliance, Geete said: 'It will not be appropriate to talk about the future. But everything is possible in politics'. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 6:33 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 6:42 pm
Anant Geete, Shiv Sena’s lone member in the Union Cabinet, on Wednesday said he will not resign as Heavy Industries Minister after his party decided to continue in NDA despite parting ways with BJP for Maharashtra polls.
Asked whether he will resign, Geete said, “Certainly not”. “It (the alliance) will remain intact at the Centre,” he added.
BJP earlier snapped ties with its oldest partner Shiv Sena after failure of talks on seat-sharing in the Maharashtra Assembly elections, ending a 25-year-old ideological alliance that had survived various vicissitudes.
Geete said he had spoken to party chief Uddhav Thackeray on the issue.
“I have spoken to Uddhav Thackeray. There is no question of resigning. We are a part of the NDA (National Democratic Alliance).
“The government is of NDA and the Shiv Sena has a significant contribution in the (formation of) NDA government. 42 MPs have been elected from Maharashtra. The Shiv Sena has a contribution in that. This is why the question of resigning does not arise,” Geete, who is the Union Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises Minister, told reporters here at the launch of the cleanliness drive for the Swachh Bharat Mission.
Buoyed by the Lok Sabha results in which the BJP-Sena alliance won 42 of the 48 seats, BJP upped the ante and demanded 135 assembly seats which the Sena was not willing to give. Sena responded saying it would leave only 119 seats but later agreed to concede a few more seats.
On the possibility of a post-poll alliance between Sena and BJP in Maharashtra, Geete said: “It will not be appropriate to talk about the future. But everything is possible in politics”.
On whether Udhhav will meet Modi on Thursday, Geete said: “I have no information on that”.
Maharashtra elections will be held on October 15.

Delhi HC seeks clear-cut answers from Centre on its email policyPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 6:42 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 6:44 pm
The Delhi High Court on Wednesday directed the central government to provide “concrete and clear-cut answers” to its queries regarding evolving of an email policy for government departments as well as taxation of websites like Facebook and Google for services offered by them here.
“What about your email policy? How long will it remain under consideration? Data is going all over the world. We want concrete and clear-cut answers. We want to put an end to these issues,” a bench of justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul said.
“Please be ready on next date of hearing to address the issues raised by him (petitioner),” the court said to Additional Solicitor General (ASG) Sanjay Jain who was present in pursuance to the bench’s oral order on the last date of hearing.
The ASG initially told the court the email policy would be ready by end of November 2014 but then added that efforts would be made to expedite the process.
Advocate Virag Gupta, appearing for former BJP leader K N Govindacharya who has moved the petition, said that the government be directed to use only NIC servers for sending official emails, instead of using the services of foreign sites like Google.
After the brief arguments, the court listed the matter for further hearing on October 30.
On September 26, the court had questioned “how is Google paying (service tax) but not Facebook? How is Facebook exempted? We are finding it difficult to understand”.
It had also raised queries regarding the government’s email policy and had sought the presence of the ASG to answer the same.
The court was hearing a PIL filed by Govindacharya who has contended that government departments like Delhi Police and the Indian Railways are not entitled to creating accounts on social networking sites.
It has also sought recovery of taxes from the websites on their income from operations in India.
What about your email policy, how long will it remain under consideration, questioned Delhi High Court.

Alcatel launches cheapest Firefox phone at R...Alcatel OneTouch launches cheapest Firefox phone at Rs 1,990
By ET Bureau | 1 Oct, 2014, 06.08PM IST
The FIRE C has a 3.5 inch HVGA screen and 1 GHz processor and comes with stereo FM radio RDS and adaptive applications search.
ET SPECIAL:
NEW DELHI: Chinese smartphone maker Alcatel OneTouch Wednesday launched India's cheapest Mozilla Firefox OS powered smartphone, called Fire C2G and priced it at Rs 1,990.
The device will available exclusively through e-commerce major Flipkart .
"We are pleased to have Mozilla as a strategic partner. With Firefox OS, we'd bring an amazing smartphone experience to more people around the world. We are looking at strengthening our smartphone retail with exclusive partnerships with online and offline retail stores," Michael Chen, marketing director APAC for Alcatel OneTouch, said in a joint statement.
The FIRE C has a 3.5 inch HVGA screen and 1 GHz processor and comes with stereo FM radio RDS and adaptive applications search along with rich media and social messaging apps support.
"Our partnership with ALCATEL ONETOUCH will provide more users with comprehensive but affordable smartphone experience," Dr. Li Gong, President of Mozilla said.

Share price correlation between stocks has weakened: CIMBLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Share price correlation between stocks has weakened: CIMB
Market more discerning & share price correlation between stocks has weakened slightly says Avadhoot Sabnis, CIMB
Post your opinion here

Ebola stocks soar after infection hits U.S.Ebola stocks soar after infection hits U.S.
By: Matt Krantz September 30, 2014 5:56 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Shares of companies working on Ebola treatments are soaring in after-hours trading after the Center for Disease Control and Prevention said there’s been a first case of the infection in the U.S.
U.S.-traded shares of Canada-based firm Tekmira Pharmaceuticals (TKMR) are up 23% in after-hours trading to $25.90. The company is working on an ebola fighting drug code-named TKM-Ebola that in trial phase. Shares of Tekmira gained 46 cents, or 2%, to $21.14 during regular trading.
Another big gainer on the news is biotech Sarepta Therapeutics (SRPT) . Shares are up $1.67, or 8%, to $22.77 in after-hours trading. Shares closed at $21.10, down 38 cents, or 1.8%. The Cambridge, Mass.-based firm specializes on developing treatment for rare and contagious diseases.
And then there’s BioCryst Pharmaceuticals (BCRX). The stock is up 11.5% in after-hours trading to $10.90. Shares skidded 71 cents, or 7%, to $9.78 during regular trading. The biotech company based in Durham, N.C. develops a range of treatments for infectious diseases, including the flu.

Maruti reports 4.6 per cent rise in car sales for SeptMaruti Suzuki India reports 4.6 per cent rise in car sales for Sept
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 13:14 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Maruti Suzuki India, the country's largest carmaker, on Wednesday reported 4.6 per cent increase in its total sales in September 2014 at 1,09,742 units as against 1,04,964 units in the same month last year.
Domestic car sales during September stood at 99,290 units, up 9.8 per cent from 90,399 units in the same month in 2013, Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) said in a statement.
Sales of mini passenger cars, including Alto, A-Star and WagonR were down 13.4 per cent at 35,547 units as against 41,061 units in the reporting month for the previous year.
The car maker said during September, sales of its compact cars , comprising Swift , Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire were up 18.1 per cent, at 43,304 units as against 36,679 units in the year-ago month.
Dzire Tour sales were up 42.5 per cent and stood at 1,221 units as against 857 units in September, 2013.
During the month, the company said it dispatched 1,375 units of the soon-to-be-launched sedan Ciaz.
MSI's sales of utility vehicles, including Ertiga and Gypsy stood at 5,980 units as against 2,657 units, up 125.1 per cent.
Van sales, consisting of Omni and Eeco, were at 11,863 units as compared to 8,767 units in the same month in the previous year, up 35.3 per cent, the company said.
Meanwhile, Maruti's exports in September were down 28.2 per cent to 10,452 units from 14,565 units in the same month previous year, the company said.

Hyundai September sales rise marginally to 51 471 unitsHyundai September sales rise marginally to 51,471 units
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 13:05 IST
Hyundai Elite i20
Hyundai Motor India (HMIL) on Wednesday reported a marginal increase in total sales at 51,471 units in September 2014. The company had sold 51,417 units in the same month last year, it said in a statement.
In the domestic market, Hyundai sold 35,041 units last month as compared to 30,601 units in September 2013, up 14.5 per cent. During the month, Hyundai's exports declined by 21.1 per cent to 16,430 units as against 20,816 units in the same period last year.
Commenting on the sales performance, HMIL Senior Vice President (Sales and Marketing) Rakesh Srivastava said the domestic growth was on the back of strong performance of new models, including the new Elite i20 that clocked 8,902 units.
In this festive season, we are seeing a significant increase in first time buyers and exchange buyers which is very encouraging as it will accelerate the positive momentum already being experienced in the last few months, he added.

HSBC manufacturing PMI drops to nine-month low in SeptemberE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gold Rises by 130 to Rs 27 470 on Festive Buying  Weak RupeeYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Rises by 130 to Rs 27,470 on Festive Buying, Weak Rupee
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 16:25 (IST)
FDI Dips 16 Per Cent to $2.45 Billion in September
New Delhi: Continuing its rising streak for the third day, gold prices advanced by Rs 130 to Rs 27,470 per 10 grams in the national capital on Wednesday on the back of increased buying by jewellers and retailers amid ongoing festive season even as the metal weakened overseas.
Silver, however, met with resistance and dropped by Rs 1,050 to Rs 38,650 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Marketmen said steady inflow of buying by jewellers and retailers, triggered by ongoing festive season and a weakening rupee against the dollar that made imports costlier, mainly influenced gold prices.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity rose by Rs 130 each to Rs 27,470 and Rs 27,270 per 10 grams respectively. It had gained Rs 110 in last two days.
Globally, gold fell 0.24 per cent to $1205.80 an ounce in London.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 24,200 per piece of 8 grams in limited deals.
On the other hand, silver ready plunged by Rs 1,050 to Rs 38,650 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 1,025 to Rs 38,170 per kg. It had gained Rs 165 in last two sessions.
Silver coins, however, plummeted by Rs 2,000 to Rs 68,000 for buying and Rs 79,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 15:54 (IST)

BJP lacking in confidence  says Uddhav Thackeray | Sena part of NDA: GeeteAnant Geete
( "It is very clear that…)
MUMBAI: Taking a dig at former ally BJP for announcing that Narendra Modi would hold poll rallies in Maharashtra, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray today said the Prime Minister would not have been invited to address the public if BJP was confident of winning on "Modi wave."
"There are so many statements coming from them (the BJP) that speak about Modi's plans to hold several rallies for the upcoming state Assembly polls."
"I have nothing against Modi. But it is very clear that if there was indeed a 'Modi wave' in the state, they would not have asked him (Modi) to hold so many rallies. It is the first time that a PM will hold so many rallies before Assembly polls," Uddhav said.
The Sena president was addressing reporters at his residence here, on the sidelines of a meeting with delegation of Maharashtra Sikh Association workers, who have announced their support to his party for the October 15 state polls.
BJP general secretary and in-charge of party affairs in Maharashtra, Rajiv Pratap Rudy had yesterday said Prime Minister Narendra Modi would address 22-24 election meetings across the state between October 4 and 13.
Dismissing speculations of a post-poll alliance with his estranged cousin Raj Thackeray, Uddhav said the call made by him to the ailing MNS chief was out of "courtesy".
"I did call Raj Thackeray to enquire about his health. But we have not met. It was just a courtesy call and if I call him to ask about his health, why is the health of some people deteriorating," he quipped.
When asked if Sena's lone minister in the Union Cabinet Anant Geete will resign after Modi's return from the US trip, Thackeray said a decision will be taken after holding consultations with the Prime Minister.
"I cannot comment on what will happen in the future. But once Modi returns, we will have discussions with him, and based on that we will take a final call," he said.
Denying allegations that he had ordered Sena workers to ensure defeat of certain BJP leaders, Thackeray said he only wishes good for his opponents.
"I do not think bad for anyone. The Sena is fighting to win elections. I do not want any negative power by my side," he said.
The BJP has not only broken the alliance with the Shiv Sena, they have broken their ties with the very principles of Hindutva on the basis of which this partnership was formed, Uddhav said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi committing to results: CII Prez Ajay SriramOct 01, 2014, 04.50 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
PM Modi committing to results: CII Prez Ajay Sriram
India Inc has lauded the PM efforts to attract investments in his maiden US visit.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PM Modi committing to results: CII Prez Ajay Sriram
India Inc has lauded the PM efforts to attract investments in his maiden US visit.
Post your opinion here

As Economic News Picks up  Markets DriftAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

This $2.4B Casino May Have Sold for $110 Millionthis $2.4b casino may have sold for $110 million
Delhi HC seeks clear-cut answers from Centre on its emailpolicyPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 6:42 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 6:44 pm
The Delhi High Court on Wednesday directed the central government to provide “concrete and clear-cut answers” to its queries regarding evolving of an email policy for government departments as well as taxation of websites like Facebook and Google for services offered by them here.
“What about your email policy? How long will it remain under consideration? Data is going all over the world. We want concrete and clear-cut answers. We want to put an end to these issues,” a bench of justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul said.
“Please be ready on next date of hearing to address the issues raised by him (petitioner),” the court said to Additional Solicitor General (ASG) Sanjay Jain who was present in pursuance to the bench’s oral order on the last date of hearing.
The ASG initially told the court the email policy would be ready by end of November 2014 but then added that efforts would be made to expedite the process.
Advocate Virag Gupta, appearing for former BJP leader K N Govindacharya who has moved the petition, said that the government be directed to use only NIC servers for sending official emails, instead of using the services of foreign sites like Google.
After the brief arguments, the court listed the matter for further hearing on October 30.
On September 26, the court had questioned “how is Google paying (service tax) but not Facebook? How is Facebook exempted? We are finding it difficult to understand”.
It had also raised queries regarding the government’s email policy and had sought the presence of the ASG to answer the same.
The court was hearing a PIL filed by Govindacharya who has contended that government departments like Delhi Police and the Indian Railways are not entitled to creating accounts on social networking sites.
It has also sought recovery of taxes from the websites on their income from operations in India.
What about your email policy, how long will it remain under consideration, questioned Delhi High Court.

SC verdict on coal mines could trigger refor...Coal Block allocations
(The S&P report said a transparent…)
NEW DELHI: The recent cancellation of coal block allocations by the Supreme Court provides an opportunity for the government to reform the process of awarding coal mines in the country, S&P said today.
"Standard & Poor's believes a transparent allocation policy will play an important role in determining the profitability and strategy of coal consuming companies," the global credit ratings agency said.
"This, combined with a streamlined process for getting environmental clearances and approvals for land acquisition, would give these companies the confidence to invest and revive their long-pending projects," it said in a report - 'Supreme Court Ruling Could Ignite Reforms In India's Coal Sector'.
The ruling could lead to an improved process for allocating coal mines and boosting the supply of coal in a country that faces a severe shortage of the fuel, S&P credit analyst Mehul Sukkawala said.
Last week, the apex court cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks that the government had allocated between 1993 and 2010.
The apex court had observed that the allocation was arbitrary, illegal, and resulted in unfair distribution of national wealth.
"We believe the cancellation of coal blocks increases near-term uncertainty for the operations and investment plans of companies that were either allocated the mines or were expecting to source coal from them," said Sukkawala.
He added that it could also hurt the significantly improved investor sentiment in India following the change in the government earlier this year.
The S&P report published today also said a transparent process to allocate coal mines is likely to involve an auction, just as the government did for telecom spectrum.
The government could also extend the solution for coal miners to the mining of iron ore, bauxite, and other minerals, it said, adding that doing so can help the country take a big step toward resolving issues plaguing the mining sector for the past few years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Protesters to HK boss: Quit or we occupy bui...Beijing
(The student leaders are…)
HONG KONG: Student leaders of pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong warned today that if the territory's leader doesn't resign by the end of tomorrow they will step up their actions, including occupying several important government buildings.
By raising the stakes in the standoff, the student leaders are risking another round of confrontation with the police who are unlikely to allow government buildings to be stormed.
It also puts pressure on the Chinese government , which has so far remained silent and preferred to let Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying deal with the crisis.
The student leaders, who have played a key role in organizing the protests to press for greater electoral reforms, would welcome an opportunity to speak to a Chinese central government official, Lester Shum, vice secretary of the Hong Kong Federation of Students , said at a news conference.
"However, we ask them to come to the square and speak to the masses," Shum said. "This is a movement of Hong Kongers and not led by any specific group."
Shum demanded that Leung resign by the end of tomorrow, and that the student leaders had no interest in talking to him.
"Because the government ordered police to fire 87 rounds of tear gas at protests, there is no room for dialogue. Leung Chun-ying must step down. If he doesn't resign by tomorrow we will step up our actions, such as by occupying several important government buildings," he said.
But added that demonstrators won't occupy "essential" government offices, such as hospitals and social welfare offices.
The protesters oppose Beijing's decision in August that candidates for the territory's top post in 2017 elections must be approved by a committee of mostly pro-Beijing local elites similar to the one that picked Leung for the job.
The protesters don't want any such restrictions and see China as reneging on a promise that the chief executive will be chosen through "universal suffrage."
The demonstrations pose the stiffest challenge to Beijing's authority since China took control of the former British colony in 1997.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Protesters to HK boss: Quit or we occupy buildingsOct 01, 2014, 06.21 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Protesters to HK boss: Quit or we occupy buildings
The protesters oppose Beijing's decision in August that candidates for the territory's top post in 2017 elections must be approved by a committee of mostly pro-Beijing local elites similar to the one that picked Leung for the job.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Protesters to HK boss: Quit or we occupy buildings
The protesters oppose Beijing's decision in August that candidates for the territory's top post in 2017 elections must be approved by a committee of mostly pro-Beijing local elites similar to the one that picked Leung for the job.
Post your opinion here
 
Student leaders of pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong warned today that if the territory's leader doesn't resign by the end of tomorrow they will step up their actions, including occupying several important government buildings.
By raising the stakes in the standoff, the student leaders are risking another round of confrontation with the police who are unlikely to allow government buildings to be stormed.
It also puts pressure on the Chinese government, which has so far remained silent and preferred to let Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying deal with the crisis.
The student leaders, who have played a key role in organizing the protests to press for greater electoral reforms, would welcome an opportunity to speak to a Chinese central government official, Lester Shum, vice secretary of the Hong Kong Federation of Students, said at a news conference.
"However, we ask them to come to the square and speak to the masses," Shum said. "This is a movement of Hong Kongers and not led by any specific group." Shum demanded that Leung resign by the end of tomorrow, and that the student leaders had no interest in talking to him.
"Because the government ordered police to fire 87 rounds of tear gas at protests, there is no room for dialogue. Leung Chun-ying must step down. If he doesn't resign by tomorrow we will step up our actions, such as by occupying several important government buildings," he said. But added that demonstrators won't occupy "essential" government offices, such as hospitals and social welfare offices.
The protesters oppose Beijing's decision in August that candidates for the territory's top post in 2017 elections must be approved by a committee of mostly pro-Beijing local elites similar to the one that picked Leung for the job.
The protesters don't want any such restrictions and see China as reneging on a promise that the chief executive will be chosen through "universal suffrage." The demonstrations pose the stiffest challenge to Beijing's authority since China took control of the former British colony in 1997.
RELATED NEWS

Plastic Bag Makers Fight California s BanPlastic Bag Makers Fight California’s Ban
 
Morning Money Memo …
Plastic bag makers want voters to throw out California’s new ban on disposable bags.
Gov. Jerry Brown signed the bill into law, driven to action by pollution and waste on beaches, streets and in parks.
“We’re the first to ban these bags, and we won’t be the last,” Brown said.
The industry group has three months to gather more than 500,000 valid signatures, the number needed to place a referendum on the November 2016 ballot. Some retailers and bag manufacturers want to make sure the law does not take effect until voters have their say.
Under the California’s first statewide ban in the nation, plastic bags will be phased out at checkout counters of large grocery stores and supermarkets such as Wal-Mart and Target starting next summer, and convenience stores and pharmacies in 2016. The law does not apply to bags used for fruits, vegetables or meats, or to shopping bags used at other retailers. It allows grocers to charge a fee of at least 10 cents for using paper bags.
The law marks a major milestone for environmental groups who have successfully pushed plastic bag bans in cities across the U.S., including Chicago, Austin and Seattle.
Chrysler Revs Up
Chrysler continues its recent run of gains, saying today that its U.S. auto sales rose 19 percent last month. Strong demand for the new Jeep Cherokee and the Ram Pickup pushed up sales. Both Chrysler and GM raised incentives on pickup trucks in September, hoping to steal buyers from Ford, which cut back on discounts and temporarily closed a factory to retool for its new aluminum-clad F-150.
Deal Season
If you plan to buy a new car or truck soon, October may be a very good time to make the purchase.
“Manufacturers released their 2015 models in September,” said Mark LoCastro, director of public relations at DealNews. “You can get up to 10, even 20 percent off on 2014 models in October. That’s because these dealerships are trying to clear out inventory.”
Cruises in October are often much cheaper than they were in the summer. And one week before Halloween, costumes may be deeply discounted.
“You can get anywhere between 30 and 80 percent off depending on where you’re shopping and what you’re shopping for,” LoCastro said.
Marijuana Competition
Colorado’s legalized marijuana industry is in for a brand-new element today – competition. The state gave medical marijuana dispensaries and growers a nine-month exclusive on the new recreational pot business, fearing an unmanageable explosion of new businesses.
The grandfathering period expires today, meaning pot shops and growers who weren’t in business before voters approved recreational pot in 2012 are just now able to enter the market.
“There’s going to be a price war coming. It’s inevitable,” predicted Toni Fox, a marijuana grower and owner of a Denver pot shop.
Colorado is issuing licenses for 46 more pot shops, in addition to about 200 already in place.
General Mills Cuts
General Mills plans to cut 700 to 800 jobs, the second time it’s trimmed its work force in a month, as the food company wrestles with a shift by consumers away from boxed or frozen meals. The company has said it’s begun a formal review of its North American manufacturing and distribution network, along with a pair of announcements in recent months about cost-cutting initiatives.
France Slashes Spending
France is facing the deepest spending cuts in the country’s modern history. The Socialist government has announced a $26.5 billion plan, taking a significant chunk out of France’s generous welfare system, including health and family benefits. The government also plans fewer state employees and limited wage increases. France’s debt is equal to about 95 percent of its annual economic output.

Coca-Cola to Revise Executive Pay PlanAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

How the Food Network became less about food and more about winningGlass
October 1, 2014
Turn on the Food Network any night of the week, and this is what you’ll probably see: “a larger-than-life host, a specifically defined challenge, bombastic music, a set time limit, a panel of judges, and a cast of contestants whose back-story and biographical detail serves to heighten the stakes and fan the [program's] already heated dramatic flame.”
That’s according to a 2013 study of Food Network’s evolution  from University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee associate professor Tasha Oren. The Food Network may have started as a channel focusing on the dishes themselves—think Emeril Lagasse and “Bam!” But in order to grow, the network has abandoned its food focus in favor of formulaic competition.
Share
Tap image to zoom
(These numbers are based on the year that a show aired most of its episodes during a season. Some shows, like Chopped, are counted by the network as separate shows even though they’re essentially the same—Chopped spawned Chopped Tournament, for example, which pits winners of previous themed shows against each other in a four-show tournament. Here Chopped and Chopped Tournament are counted as one show.)
The trend started with Iron Chef, which came to the network in 1999 from Japan. By 2000, Iron Chef was beating out Lagasse’s Emeril Live as the most-watched show on the network; Emeril scored an average of 335,000 viewers per show versus the Iron Chef’s 372,000. Iron Chef was rife with theatrics and a sport-like atmosphere; the setting is called Kitchen Stadium, there’s a commentator on the floor, and the chefs have an hour to prepare five courses.
Tap image to zoom
(AP Photo/Jim Cooper)
The popularity of Iron Chef reruns led to the creation of Iron Chef America and The Next Food Network Star in 2005, the first original Food Network competitions, which in the year of their launch became the most popular primetime shows on the channel. The fast-paced competition show Chopped, which pits four chefs against each other in a three-round competition, debuted in 2009 and  became a template for future shows . In each round, the chefs receive a mystery basket of items they are required to use in their dishes, and by process of elimination, the final two face off in the dessert round for a $10,000 prize.
Food Network programming that followed—Cutthroat Kitchen, Guy’s Grocery Games, Beat Bobby Flay—mimicked that structure with various twists: Make an appetizer with bacon popcorn and tuna belly! You have 90 seconds to get everything you need in a full-sized grocery store! Cook with lobster claws tied to your hands! In essence: less cooking, more judging.

12 Scottish firms visiting India  tie-ups ne...Business Partnership
(SDI said the delegation…)
NEW DELHI: With 'Make In India' campaign fuelling investor sentiment, a delegation of a dozen leading Scottish firms and four business heads is coming to India next week to scout for business opportunities and tie-ups.
"India is seeing dynamic changes, particularly with the new government coming to power.
"Recent policies and launch of campaigns such as 'Make in India' have once again put the country on the world map as a favourable business destination, emphasising the need for Scottish companies to understand the strengths and address the unique requirements of the nation," said Country Manager of Scottish Development International (SDI) Rooma Kumar Bussi .
The delegation comprises companies drawn from renewable energy, IT, healthcare, education and food & drink sectors will meet policymakers, entrepreneurs and organisation heads to understand business environment and opportunities for growing sustainable business partnerships.
SDI said the delegation will meet over 100 Indian companies across Bangalore, Hyderabad and Delhi, during their visit from October 6 to 10.
The companies, include Glasgow Distillery, Westica Communications, Restaurant diary, Urban Tide and Jodanl Services.
SID further said that with the recent decision on the referendum, Scotland has ended the ambiguity and is set on a clear path of development.
"These are very promising times for both the countries and we look forward to building long-term successful partnerships," Rooma added.
SDI is a joint venture between Scottish Government and its economic development agencies, Scottish Enterprise and Highlands and Islands Enterprise.
Among other places, it has offices in Beijing, Hong Kong, New Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Tokyo, Seoul, Singapore and Sydney.
Scottish exports to India stood at 243 millon pound (up 30 per cent in fiver years) in 2013 while its imports from India were 143 million (up 60 per cent in five years).
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI has no bias either to cut or hike rates:...consumer price index
(Consumer Price Index or…)
MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank has no bias either to cut or hike the key rates and the direction of the monetary policy will be influenced entirely by data, Governor Raghuram Rajan said today.
"Our policy stance today is reasonable and we see no reason to alter it today based on the information we have. As data comes in, we will have a better view and will adjust accordingly. So, I should not presume that we are either biased towards raising rates or cutting rates at this point," he said at the customary post-policy analysts call.
After choosing to hold the rates, Rajan had yesterday said that risks for achieving 6 per cent inflation target for retail inflation by January 2016 have reduced over the last two months.
He had, however, said that the risks for achievement of the target are still on the upside and pointed to modelling done by RBI which said inflation will be at 7 per cent in the last quarter of FY 2016.
Rajan reiterated that subjective assessments and judgement of those forming the policies give the confidence that inflation will indeed cool down to 6 per cent by January 2016.
The RBI governor , labelled as an "inflation warrior" for keeping the rates high too long, had earlier said that the RBI is not desirous of keeping the rates high and wants inflation number to come down.
Consumer Price Index or retail inflation cooled down to 7.8 per cent in August, below the 8 per cent target set for January 2015 as part of the RBI's glide path.
"If the 2016 January inflation objective is under threat in any serious manner then we would look to tighten. The flip-side is that if inflation comes down earlier than that on a durable basis, then we would look to be more accommodative," RBI Deputy Governor Urjit Patel, who heads the monetary policy department, said today.
He, however, said that a likely hike in interest rates by the US Fed will not have any impact on RBI's stance, asserting that it will be driven only by domestic situation.
"Our policy will be determined solely by reading our inflation data points and projections thereof," he said.
With food inflation being a major worry fanning the retail inflation, Rajan said we should focus on other aspects like cold storage facilities, improving the logistics and finding newer market places for the produce to reduce the seasonal volatility in prices.
Meanwhile, on the corporates' overseas debt, Rajan said that there was a need for companies to look at hedging from the financial perspective and hedges should not placed like bets assuming a single direction for the currency to move in.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India only BRIC country to see growth pick u...BRIC
(Commenting on the Indian…)
NEW DELHI: Expecting better investment climate in India in the years ahead, Fitch on Wednesday said that GDP growth will pick up to 5.6% in FY15. "India will be the only BRIC country where growth picks up in 2014, to 5.6%, with an expected further increase to 6.5% in 2015 and 2016 due to an expected improvement in business environment," Fitch said.
On the other hand, the ratings agency sees the Chinese economy witnessing a slowdown in the years to come. Fitch expects China's GDP growth to moderate to 7.2% in 2014, 6.8% in 2015 and 6.5% in 2016 as it gradually rebalances while seeking to contain leverage.
Commenting on the Indian economy, Fitch said, "Investment is likely to rise now that political uncertainty has disappeared since the new government came to power last May."
According to Fitch, the expected pick-up seems supported by the 5.7% GDP growth in Q2 (versus 4.6% in Q1), although the election results were announced halfway through the quarter. "The growth impulse of government spending in the run-up to the elections that contributed to growth is likely to be one-off, but a positive sign is an increase in capital expenditure by 7%. The recent rise in GDP growth was supported by industry and financial services, as well as a solid performance of the agricultural sector, not yet affected by the current weak monsoon," it added.
Fitch went on to say that the new government has started rolling out a number of policies, which may improve the efficiency of the bureaucracy and strengthen the investment climate. "However, lifting GDP growth to substantially higher levels would require large productivity gains through implementation of far-reaching reforms by the central and state governments related to governance and product and labour markets, as well as reduction of infrastructure bottlenecks," Fitch explained.
Fitch is of the opinion that the potential for change is substantial, as India ranks the lowest of all 'BBB-' rated sovereigns on the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business indicators and its governance indicators compare unfavourably with peers.
Talking about inflation, Fitch said that the weak monsoon season has had limited impact so far on inflation. "Consumer price inflation (CPI) is gradually declining, but is still high compared with peers at 7.8% in August 2014. Since inflation expectations are more closely related to CPI, the Reserve Bank of India focuses on CPI and targets a "glide path" to 6% by January 2016. In the longer run, a credible low inflation environment would benefit growth by improving the investment environment," it concluded.
Meanwhile, Fitch Ratings forecasts global economic growth to increase to 3% in 2015 and 3.1% in 2016, from 2.6% in 2014, mainly driven by strengthening recovery in the US and eurozone. "However, the growth outlook has weakened somewhat since the June Global Economic Outlook (GEO) and risks remain skewed to the downside. Growth in emerging markets (EMs) has been revised down again, to 4% in 2014, the weakest since 2009, although we project it to reach 4.4% in 2015 and 4.7% in 2016," Fitch said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Stocks Slip in Early Trade; General Mills DownAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Hertz s silence on damage appraisal bafflingYates went to pay, and was handed a receipt written in German. Although he couldn't read all of it, he immediately understood what "schaden/damage vorlaeufig" meant. Hertz was charging him 1,150.62 euros for the damaged windshield.
Yates did the math and realized he was charged about $1,500 for the crack.
He paid, charging it to his credit card, then filed a claim through the car insurance provided by the credit card company. On May 29, the insurance company sent him an email saying it needed an itemized appraisal of the damage from Hertz.
All Hertz provided was the bill it had originally given to Yates, showing the overall charges for the rental, including the line quoting the 1,150.62 euros  in damage.
In the months that followed,  the insurance company and Yates asked Hertz for an itemized appraisal for the repair. It never came.
In early August, Yates emailed Hertz through its customer relations office, again asking for a repair bill. He received an automated response and nothing else, he said.
Unable to get reimbursed without the itemized estimate, Yates emailed "What's Your Problem?"
"I just can't get anywhere," he said. "They say just wait, it can take up to two months. But now it's been three months."
At some point, he said, his insurance company will quit working on his behalf.
Yates said he's not asking for the moon, just a simple itemized repair estimate.
"Nothing on any of the things I've gotten (from them) say it's a cracked windshield," he said.
The Problem Solver contacted Paula Rivera, spokeswoman for The Hertz Corp. On Aug. 26, Rivera emailed to say Hertz was on it.
"We're looking into this now, will revert back shortly," she wrote.
Then, nothing.
The Problem Solver called and emailed Rivera several times over the past week, asking for an update, but Rivera did not respond. Yates said he, too, heard nothing from Hertz.
"I don't know what's going on with it, but it's driving me nuts," he said.
The Problem Solver will provide updates as warranted.
facebook.com/chitribproblem

Amazon Resorts To Wordplay To Keep Its Salaries LowAmazon Resorts To Wordplay To Keep Salaries Low
Posted:
Updated:
09/23/2014  2:59 pm EDT
Amazon.com Inc. logos are displayed on laptop computers in Washington, D.C., on Wednesday, Oct. 23, 2013. Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images  | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
Two thousand Amazon warehouse workers went on strike in Germany on Monday. As The New York Times explains , the German labor union Ver.di is trying to pressure Amazon into classifying its warehouse workers as retail employees. Doing so would force Amazon into a collective wage agreement on par with the rest of Germany's retail sector, instead of being able to set wages on its own.
Amazon, of course, is resisting the "retailer" label.
From the Times:
Amazon insists that its warehouses are logistics centers, ''not shops frequented by customers.'' Instead, most of its workers are involved in taking goods from shelves, packing and shipping them, and for their services, they receive wages at the upper end of the pay range for logistics workers, Amazon says.
That's funny. Because here in America, Amazon doesn't like to compare its warehouse wages to the logistics sector. In fact, the company prefers to compare them to... retail. At least, that's what it does when it's touting certain warehouse jobs , many of which are occupied by temp workers with little job security. As the company noted last year:
Median pay inside Amazon fulfillment centers is 30 percent higher than that of people who work in traditional retail stores -- and that doesn't even include the stock grants that full-time employees receive, which over the past five years have added an average of 9% to base pay annually.
If you're wondering why Amazon would like to think of its U.S. warehouse employees as nontraditional retail workers, the Bureau of Labor Statistics can explain. The average retail cashier in the U.S. earns $9.81 , while the average warehouse general laborer earns $14.25 . In other words, an Amazon warehouse temp who's earning crummy warehouse pay might be earning pretty good retail pay.
So, Amazon is a retailer where its wages compare favorably to retail. But it's a logistics company where its wages compare favorably to logistics -- or where having retail workers could compel it to the table with unions.
A representative for Amazon didn't respond to an email asking if the company was trying to have it both ways.
More:

17 Numbers That Show Just How Pathetic The Minimum Wage Isreddit
If you have a job that pays the federal minimum wage, an hour of your work is worth $7.25, before taxes. Activists and lawmakers from around the country say this amount and slightly higher state-based rates don't offer workers enough to pay for life's basics. President Barack Obama and his administration have called for Congress to raise the federal minimum wage, but Republicans have resisted a proposal to raise the federal minimum to $10.10 an hour over three years, claiming businesses can't afford to pay workers more. A wage hike would lead to devastating job losses, they say, and would do nothing to increase job opportunities or address poverty.
A Congressional Budget Office study calls those arguments into question .
As the debate continues in Congress and in states, here are 17 numbers to help you understand what it means to be making the federal minimum wage, and why it's long past time for an increase:
62
The number of months since the last minimum wage increase, in July 2009.
12
The number of months between each of the last three minimum wage increases , to $5.85 in July 2007, then to $6.55 in July 2008, and finally to the current $7.25 minimum in July 2009.
23
The number of states -- not including Washington, D.C. -- that have raised the minimum wage above the federal rate. The highest state minimum wage is in Washington state, at $9.32 an hour -- still below the proposed federal minimum.
5.8%
The purchasing power the federal minimum wage has lost to inflation since the last time it was raised , according to Pew data from 2013. The left-leaning National Employment Law Project reports that the real value of the minimum wage peaked in 1968, when its $1.60-an-hour rate would have been worth close to $10.50 in today's economy.
$21.72
What the minimum wage would have been in 2012 if it had kept up with worker productivity since the late-1940s , according to a study published last year.
1,532,000
The number of hourly workers who were making the federal minimum wage in 2013 , according to Pew. About 50.4 percent of these workers were ages 16 to 24, and just under a quarter were teenagers. About 64 percent of them worked part time.
An additional 1.8 million tipped employees, full-time students, disabled workers and others holding jobs exempted from federal minimum wage requirements earned wages of less than $7.25 an hour. The federal minimum wage for tipped workers is $2.13 per hour.
27,800,000
The number of workers who would see an increase in wages if the federal minimum were to be increased to $10.10 over three years. According to the Economic Policy Institute, 88 percent of them are older than 20 and a third are over 40 . National Employment Law Project says two-thirds of all low-wage workers were employed by large, highly profitable corporations .
5,000,000
The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that around 500,000 jobs may be eliminated if the minimum wage was raised to $10.10, though other estimates have suggested the impact would be significantly smaller .
Protesters rally for better wages at a Wendy's restaurant in Detroit on Dec. 5, 2013.
(AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
$267.80
The weekly take-home pay for a 40-hour-a-week minimum-wage employee, after Social Security and Medicare taxes. That adds up to $13,926.38 per year, or just over $1,150 per month. The commonly cited minimum wage annual salary for a 40-hour-a-week worker is $15,080 -- before taxes.
$1,099
The average monthly apartment rental price in the United States in the second quarter of 2014 , according to real estate data firm Reis Inc. This is almost as much as you'd make in a month on a single minimum-wage income, which is one reason why minimum-wage workers typically can't afford to be the primary breadwinners of their families.
$420
The average price of a one-bedroom rental in Benton County, Iowa , the cheapest U.S. zip code, according to Find The Best. After paying for rent, a single, full-time minimum-wage employee would have less than $750 to spend on everything else for the rest of the month.
Low-wage workers rally on Capitol Hill in Washington, April 28, to urge Congress to raise the minimum wage. (AP Photo)
$163
The average a household pays for basic gas and electricity per month , according to an analysis of the spending habits of Mint.com users across the nation in 2011. Utility prices have since risen in many places.
$3.34
The average U.S. price for a gallon of gasoline , as of the last week of September. If a car has a 15-gallon tank, it would cost around $50 to fill up. That's about a full day's pay on minimum wage.
On top of gas, drivers must pay for car insurance, which according to a 2011 report came out to a nationwide average of around $800 a year . Premiums have increased in many places since, with estimates of average rates as high $1,500 a year . That would be more than a month's salary for a minimum-wage earner.
$91
The price of the cheapest monthly pass for the SEPTA public transportation system in Philadelphia , one of the largest U.S. cities without state or local laws raising the minimum wage above the federal standard. A minimum-wage earner who relies on public transportation to get to work in Philadelphia would spend more than $1,000 each year on these passes, from annual pay of around $14,000.
Activists in Pennsylvania have been pushing for a minimum-wage increase to $10.10, but state lawmakers didn't consider a bill last legislative session. This year, Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter signed an executive order raising the minimum wage for city contractors to more than $10 an hour , but the measure doesn't affect other employees.
$5,032
The estimated amount a low-income, single-parent family will spend on food, clothing, child care and miscellaneous needs during the first year of a baby's life , according to 2013 data compiled by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The overall cost is significantly larger when housing, transportation and health care expenses are included. These numbers help explain why second sources of income (from other family members or individuals) and assistance programs are vital to low-wage and minimum-wage earners.
3,531,034
The number of hours a federal minimum wage worker would have to log to match the compensation package offered to Walmart CEO Doug McMillon for fiscal 2014 , before taxes. McMillon was offered $25.6 million earlier this year, most of it in stock awards tied to performance -- a 168 percent increase from the prior year. USA Today reported this year that former Walmart CEO Mike Duke stepped down in January with $140.1 million in deferred compensation in retirement funds, vested shares and stock options.
Walmart, the largest private employer in the U.S., announced this year that it wouldn't oppose a hike to the federal minimum wage , so long as the proposal didn't specifically call out the company's business practices. Walmart's president noted at the time that only 5,000 of the company's 1 million or so U.S. hourly employees currently make the federal minimum wage, though many more make less than the $10.10 rate proposed in Congress.
Doug McMillon, president and chief executive officer of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., listens during the U.S.-Africa Business Forum in Washington on Aug. 5. (Drew Angerer/Bloomberg via Getty Images)
54%
The percentage of Americans who support raising the federal minimum wage to $10.10 an hour , according to a recent survey by the left-leaning Public Policy Polling. Polls have consistently shown strong support for increasing the federal minimum wage, with a survey released in June showing 71 percent of respondents favor raising the rate generally. A Gallup poll released in November found that 76 percent of Americans would vote to raise the federal minimum wage to $9 an hour in a hypothetical national referendum. Even Republicans -- including former GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney -- and small business owners want to see the minimum wage increased .
Also on HuffPost:

Expect FII inflows of $30-40 bn per annum for next 2-3 years: Vivek Mahajan of Aditya Birla MoneyHome
Markets
Expect FII inflows of $30-40 bn per annum for next 2-3 years: Vivek Mahajan of Aditya Birla Money
Ankit Doshi | Published:  Sep 30 2014, 02:42  IST
Sep 30 2014, 02:42  IST
 

Microsoft to Battle Apple ... on Fifth Avemicrosoft to battle apple ... on fifth ave
Medical industry paid billions to doctors  hospitals last year  data showMedical industry paid billions to doctors, hospitals last year, data show
Operations Inside The Care Harbor Public Health Clinic
Patrick T. Fallon, Bloomberg
Medical Research Drug Research Hospitals and Clinics Healthcare Providers Medicare
U.S. doctors, teaching hospitals received $3.5 billion from drug companies, device makers in last half of '13
U.S. doctors and teaching hospitals received nearly $3.5 billion worth of payments and other financial ties from pharmaceutical companies and medical device manufacturers over the last five months of 2013, according to data the federal government revealed Tuesday.
The data, published Tuesday, shine a light on the financial relationships in the medical profession that lawmakers, patient advocates and others have long pushed to make public. It was released as a requirement of the Affordable Care Act.
@Marcus Aurelius -- a good start....but not as effective as putting a cap on malpractice lawsuits -- it costs more wasted money than any other part of medical/insurance costs.
JimBob2
8
The data includes 4.4 million payments and other transfers of value by drug- and device-makers to some 546,000 U.S. physicians and 1,360 teaching hospitals. Updated data will be published next summer.
It is still somewhat limited. About 40 percent of the information was “de-identified” -- essentially redacting a doctor’s name and other information -- because federal officials could not confirm the information was accurate.
Another 190,000 payments were not released because they involved research for investigational drugs or new uses for drugs that had not yet been approved for sale, according to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the federal agency overseeing the release of the data.
Companies were allowed to delay reporting those payments for competitive reasons.
The data includes research grants and general payments for items such as consulting fees, travel reimbursements, speaking and other gifts from industry to physicians and teaching hospitals.
The federal government’s release of the data is intended to help consumers better understand the financial relationship between the health care industry and doctors and hospitals, said Dr. Shantanu Agrawal, the Medicare agency’s Deputy Administrator and Director of the Center for Program Integrity.
“We are taking a big step forward in shining the light on these financial arrangements,” Agrawal said.
Details of the those ties have been sought for years by those concerned about potential conflicts of interest in the medical profession. Advocates hope the transparency will help deter unethical behavior by some doctors who prescribe certain drugs or favor certain medical devices after receiving large payments from manufacturers.
But officials emphasized that the government has not drawn any conclusions about the disclosed payments, nor should anyone else.
“Financial ties and relationships between medical manufacturers and health care providers do not necessarily signal wrongdoing,” Agrawal. “The open payments program does not identify which financial relationships are beneficial and which could cause conflicts of interest.”
 

Tech blog: Payment start-up Stripe 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

ECB pushed to take junk loan bundlesMario Draghi pushes for ECB to accept Greek and Cypriot ‘junk’ loan bundles
By Claire Jones and Sam Fleming
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bd06522-48ad-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Christopher Polk/MTV1415 / Getty Images Contributorchristopher polk/mtv1415 / getty images contributor
Weaker euro buys time for Draghis ECBWeaker euro buys time for Draghi’s ECB
By Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3789e4f2-4901-11e4-9f63-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex  Nifty End Lower  IT Stocks ShineYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty End Lower, IT Stocks Shine
Reuters | Updated On: October 01, 2014 16:58 (IST)
The BSE Sensex fell on Wednesday, with blue chips such as ITC retreating, as traders refrained from building positions ahead of an extended holiday period, while foreign investor sales also weighed on sentiment.
Markets will be shut from Thursday until Monday for public holidays and re-open for trading on Tuesday.
Investors thus opted for caution, given lingering global risk factors such as the continued civil unrest in Hong Kong and rising worries about earlier-than-expected US rate hikes.
Adding to the caution, overseas investors sold stocks worth of Rs 486 crore on Tuesday, offloading shares in five out of past six sessions.
Foreign investors have been integral to Indian shares marking record highs on September 8 and any signs of selling tends to spark concerns.
July-September earnings reports would also be key for near-term direction. Infosys Ltd kicks off the earnings season with quarterly results on October 10.
"In the near term, geo-political tensions, economic growth in China and eurozone will take most of the attention of the market. Quarterly results will start pouring in a couple of weeks and will impact individual stocks," said Dipen Shah, head of private client group research at Kotak Securities.
The Sensex fell 0.23 per cent, or 62.52 points, to end at 26,567.99, also falling 0.22 per cent for the week.
The Nifty lost 0.24 per cent, or 19.25 points, to end at 7,945.55, while marking a weekly decline of 0.29 per cent.
Blue-chips led the declines. ITC fell 1.7 per cent, while Reliance Industries ended 2 per cent lower.
HDFC Bank fell 0.5 per cent and IndusInd Bank Ltd lost 3.2 per cent.
Non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) fell on worries the central bank may tighten norms for bad loans. The Reserve Bank of India on Tuesday said changes in the NBFC regulatory framework would be introduced by end of this month.
Shriram Transport Finance Co Ltd fell 2.4 per cent and Mahindra and Mahindra Financial Services ended down 0.6 per cent.
Maruti Suzuki India, India's largest carmaker by sales, fell 3 per cent after its exports fell by 28.2 per cent in September, surprising some investors.
However, two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp gained 1.3 per cent after its September sales rose by 30 per cent, beating some analysts' estimates.
Consumer discretionary shares were top gainers among BSE large-cap stocks. Traders said consumer good companies are seen as safer bets given the expected rise in disposable incomes.
Berger Paints India ended up 5.5 per cent, Bata India rose 5.1 per cent and pizza maker Jubilant Foodworks Ltd surged 3.9 per cent.
Also, software exporters gained on hopes weakness in currencies against US dollar would aid margins from overseas.
Tata Consultancy Services gained 1.4 per cent, while Infosys ended up 2.7 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

J&K Floods: Kins of victims still search for bodiesVillagers near Pancheri and Nowshera are still looking for the bodies of their missing near and dear ones in order to perform their last rites.
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 1, 2014 5:48 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 1:46 am
Nearly a month after the large scale death and destruction caused by massive floods in Jammu and Kashmir , villagers near Pancheri and Nowshera are still looking for the bodies of their missing near and dear ones in order to perform their last rites.
While 66 people died when a bus got washed away in the flash floods at Rajpura Bhatta near Nowshera on September 4, around 40 villagers were buried alive after the entire Saddal village near Pancheri disappeared under landslides on September 6.
Among those who died when the bus got washed away, 14 dead bodies are still missing. The local villagers have formed small groups to search them in the nullah right from the site of mishap at Rajpura Bhatta to Beri Pattan near the Line of Control (LoC). “We know that they are not surviving, but we are searching them only to perform their last rites,” said Darbara Singh, one of the kins of the victims.
Similarly, Army troops and police have resumed excavation operations to retrieve bodies of 26 villagers from near Pancheri area where Saddal village once existed.
After recovering 13 bodies during a fortnight long operation, members of the National Disaster Rescue Force (NDRF) had left the site saying that it was not possible to recover more bodies through manual excavation. However, as it was not possible to carry heavy machines there in the absence of any road link, sources said that the government decided to construct a kuchha road there from nearest motorable road at Thathli.
The construction of 15 feet wide and 2 km long road by the Public Works Department (PWD) got completed four days ago, said PWD’s Executive Engineer U K Sharma. Now work is going on to recover bodies with the help of excavators, he added.
One more body was recovered on Tuesday, said Sarpanch of Panjar, Ramesh Singh.
After recovering 13 bodies during a fortnight long operation, members of the National Disaster Rescue Force (NDRF) had left the site saying that it was not possible to recover more bodies through manual excavation.

National Herald case: Stay extended till November 3crime, law and justice
Delhi High Court adjourns hearing on a petition moved by the Congress president and vice-president against the trial court proceedings till that date
The stay on summons issued by a trial court against Congress president Sonia Gandhi and party vice-president Rahul Gandhi in the National Herald assets case was, on Wednesday, extended till November 3. The Delhi High Court adjourned the hearing on a petition moved by them against the trial court proceedings till that date.
Justice V. P. Vaish of the Delhi High Court said he would begin final hearing on the petition on a day-to-day basis from November 3.
The summons were issued on a complaint filed by BJP leader Subramanian Swamy. Dr. Swamy had alleged cheating in the acquisition of Associated Journals Limited, the publisher of now defunct National Herald, by Young India Limited, a firm in which the Congress leaders reportedly have a major stake.

Profit on Sale of Diesel Swells to Rs 1.90 Per LitreYou are here: Home Economy
Profit on Sale of Diesel Swells to Rs 1.90 Per Litre
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 17:42 (IST)
Measures Undertaken by New Government to Revive Growth: India Inc
New Delhi: Profit on sale of diesel has risen to Rs 1.90 per litre following a continued slide in global oil prices.
With international oil prices continuing to slide, the over-recovery or profit on diesel sales, which was 35 paise in the second half of September, climbed to Rs 1.90 a litre, an official statement said in Delhi.
Over-recovery or profit should have in natural course translated into a price reduction to bring retail selling price at par with cost. But the Oil Ministry decided to wait and watch last month.
Diesel prices have not been deregulated or freed yet and so rates cannot be reduced.
On the other hand, petrol was deregulated in June 2010 and rates have since then moved every fortnight in tandem with its cost. Petrol rates were on Tuesday cut by 54 paise in line with international trend.
Softening international oil rates have meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now Rs 1.90 a litre.
But under-recoveries continue on kerosene and LPG.
"In the case of PDS Kerosene and Domestic LPG, the under-recoveries for the 1st fortnight of October 2014 will be Rs 31.22 per litre (Rs 32.67 per litre in last fortnight) and Rs 404.64 per cylinder (Rs 427.82 per cylinder in last fortnight) respectively," the statement said.
State-owned fuel retailers - Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL) and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (HPCL) - are losing about Rs 156 crore a day on sale of PDS kerosene and domestic LPG. This is lower than Rs 190 crore daily under-recoveries during previous fortnight, it said.
Sources said the Oil Ministry is of the view that while the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs (CCPA) on January 17, 2013 allowed a monthly increase of 40-50 paise per month in the price of diesel to wipe out the under-recovery, it wasn't envisaged that there would be over-recovery.
It wants to reduce diesel price to protect state-owned oil companies' market share, which may be lost to private retailers who would be selling diesel in tandem with international prices.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 17:39 (IST)

Assembly polls: Modi to campaign in Haryana  Maharashtra from October 411
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will campaign for BJP by addressing poll rallies in Haryana and Maharashtra from October 4 even as the party decided to keep its focus on good governance and development in its bid to unseat Congress.
Party's senior leaders LK Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi, besides BJP Chief Amit Shah and Union Ministers Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj and M Venkaiah Naidu will also campaign for the party candidates in both the states where the party is seeking to form government on its own.
"Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the party's poll campaign for Haryana and Maharashtra by addressing poll rallies from October 4 to 13. He will address a rally in Karnal in Haryana on the first day of his campaign and will also address three poll rallies in Kolhapur, Beed and Mumbai in Maharashtra," BJP Vice President Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said.
The party has coined a slogan 'Chalo chalein Modi ke saath' (Let's move with Modi) to woo the electorate in the two states.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #haryana assembly elections 2014 #narendra modi #bjp
The party has also lined up a host of leaders, including Chief Ministers of BJP-ruled states for electioneering. They will campaign for at least three to five days in the two states, where the focus would be on highlighting the 'misrule' of Congress and providing the people with good governance and development.
"Our target is to get rid of the misrule of Congress in both the states and to establish a golden era of BJP's good governance. Our main agenda is good governance and development," Naqvi said.
The party has coined a slogan "chalo chalein Modi ke saath" (let's move with Modi) to woo the electorate in the two states. Naqvi said in the last 15 years due to "misrule" of Congress and NCP, development in Maharashtra is lagging behind and the country's financial capital Mumbai is now facing "economic crisis" due to corruption and bad governance.
He said the farmers are suffering, the youth are helpless and unemployed, and trade and industry have got completely jeopardised.
Haryana, he alleged, has become an open example of where "looters have been spared" and those involved in scams have flourished.
3

Shares of Fannie Mae  Freddie Mac plunge after lawsuit profits dismissedShares of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac plunge after lawsuit dismissed
Reuters
Finance Laws and Legislation Mortgages Fannie Mae Freddie Mac U.S. Department of the Treasury
Shares of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac plunged Wednesday after a judge threw out an investor lawsuit that sought to stop the government from requiring the mortgage finance companies to pay a quarterly dividend to the Treasury.
The common shares of the companies, which are traded on OTC markets, were hit hard in pre-market trading on heavy volume.
Fannie Mae fell 50 percent to $1.33 a share from a close of $2.69 Tuesday, while Freddie Mac shares lost 47 percent to $1.40. Both companies saw more than 8.5 million shares traded in pre-market action.

Women in Business: Isabel Hoffman  CEO and Founder of TellSpecreddit
Hoffmann is an entrepreneur who has successfully founded eight companies over the last 26 years in the fields of preventative medicine, health care, technology, mobile health and education. Her natural ability to lead and inspire has resulted in numerous awards and honors throughout her career. As CEO and Founder of TellSpec , the company behind the world's first food scanner for consumers, she leads a team of researchers, mathematicians, software developers and designers towards their mission to power a social revolution for clean healthy food by empowering people to make informed choices about what they eat.
Hoffmann has embodied the entrepreneurial spirit from the age of 19 when she started her first company. She went on to receive her PH.D in Mathematics from the University of Toronto. She has founded eight successful companies, taking companies from $0 to $75 million, and has negotiated strategic investments with groups such as CBS Corporation and Mitsubishi International. Hoffmann has raised equity investment and convertible debenture notes in Wall Street, New York City, and Bay Street, Toronto. She was also the main strategic negotiator on several business acquisitions, including a US$28M acquisition of Corel Multimedia business division. More recently, she has shared her experiences as an entrepreneur by teaching MBA-level entrepreneurism courses at the University of Porto.
As a sought-after keynote speaker, she's presented at conferences around the world. Her presentations have covered topics including Preventative and Predictive Health at the Sixth Annual International Congress on Anti-Aging SP Brazil, Delivering the Right Message at the Women of Influence Luncheon Series, Leadership at The Rotary Club, A New Vision of Aging at the CARP conference and Entrepreneurship and Innovation at TED City Toronto.
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?
I was born with a strong, type A grandmother as a role model who showed me how to make things happen on my own. Then, my daughter got sick when she was 14. She was plagued with hives, low blood pressure, tremors and light sensitivity so severe that she had to drop out of school. The doctors could not determine what was causing the chronic illness so I took matters into my own hands and made it my mission to identify the cause of her mysterious illness. We spent months in waiting rooms where we saw hundreds of others that also suffered from similar un-diagnosed illnesses - all seeking an answer to explain why they were sick. After dozens of specialist visits and exploring every possibility, my daughter was diagnosed with mold toxicity which causes severe allergic reactions and sensitivity to gluten, dioxins and other allergens. It took us a year for us to get an accurate diagnosis but we finally knew what we needed to do to make sure she could live her life free of her severe symptoms. That knowledge and information was truly empowering. I was overcome with empathy and thought, there must be something I can do to can help so that she and the others I saw in the waiting room don't have to go through that experience, and thus TellSpec was born.
How has your previous employment experience aided your position at TellSpec?
I've always worked for myself, leading software and internet companies and also leading health and genetics companies. My experience in these two fields merged nicely for TellSpec. As an entrepreneur, I know I'd have the best chance to succeed if I drew from what I knew well, so I reached back to my experiences leading software companies and my work in the preventative health world. It didn't come out of nowhere, I knew what questions to ask and the right people to ask them to and thus, TellSpec was born.
What have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure at TellSpec?
One of the biggest challenges any entrepreneur faces is putting together the right team.  We've made a concerted effort at TellSpec to form a solid mix of talent consisting of research professionals, software engineers, designers, writers and more. Everyone brings something unique to the table which has been truly imperative to the success of TellSpec. Their drive and belief in the company's vision is spectacular. One of the most rewarding experience so far with TellSpec was being asked to deliver a TED talk about the future of the food industry + TellSpec at TEDGlobal in Brazil this October.
What advice can you offer women who are looking to start their own business?
Never hesitate to make a decision, indecision will kill a company. This was the first advice given to me by a father a friend of mine. He told me you only need to be right 51% of the time and to just keep moving forward.
How do you maintain a work/life balance?
It's difficult. The key is to find someone who shares your passion and vision, respects what you do and supports your dreams no matter what.
What do you think is the biggest issue for women in the workplace?
Childbearing. We haven't successfully integrated it with the respect it deserves. When my first was born, maternity leave was only three months. There is much room to for improvement to ensure that women are able to have both a successful career and be able to grow their families.
How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?
I never had a professional mentor but I've always been able to find the drive within myself and create my own thinking, likely thanks to having such a strong grandmother as a role model from a young age.
Which other female leaders do you admire and why?
I really admire Raquel Carson who wrote the Silent Spring. Her message is very similar to what TellSpec is aiming to do - if you continue to pollute, there will be nothing left. She was one the first ecologist and had a huge impact on my life. I also greatly respect Mother Teresa because of the compassion she bestowed upon others as well as Simone de Beauvoir who was largely regarded as an early feminist.
What do you want TellSpec to accomplish in the next year?
We are working to get into the hands of consumers to enable people to make better choices about what they eat. Since TellSpec provides information beyond the nutritional label, we also hope to bring about transparency in produce farming and food manufacturing, and educate the consumer on the wellness implications of each ingredient in their food.
Follow Laura Dunn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lauraemilyd
More:

British supermarkets are having a terrible  horrible  no good  very bad yearHow We Buy
October 1, 2014
It’s been a miserable year for the UK’s biggest supermarkets—the locally owned ones, anyway. Tesco, Sainsbury’s, and Morrisons have been dogged by bad news, as they steadily lose ground to foreign-owned rivals like Walmart’s Asda and the privately-held German discounters Aldi and Lidl.
Today, the UK’s financial watchdog opened an investigation into accounting practices at Tesco, Britain’s largest retailer, after the company revealed a profit overstatement of £250 million ($405 million) last week. Tesco had already issued a series of profit warnings  earlier this year before the accounting snafu came to light. The company’s shares have lost nearly half their value so far this year, sinking even further than its closest rivals, which is saying something given their travails:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Sainsbury’s, Britain’s third-largest market chain, reported a drop in quarterly sales today, and said that the declines will continue for at least the next six months. The “dynamic and fiercely competitive” market, in the words of chief executive Mike Coupe, is eroding the company’s pricing power. Outright deflation in many product categories is a worry for retailers such as Sainsbury’s, which emphasizes quality and customer service more than cut-price discounters such as Aldi.
Analysts at the research firm Kantar Worldpanel say that the average Brit’s shopping basket costs the same today as it did a year ago, driving the grocery industry’s overall sales growth to a 20-year low. Food prices have been flat or falling for the past four months, according to official statistics:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Although not nearly as serious as the financial problems at Tesco, Morrisons—the UK’s fourth-largest grocery retailer—generated negative headlines this week when its former head of treasury and tax was charged with insider trading . Last month, the company reported a 7.4% fall in like-for-like sales in its fiscal first half, double the decline at Sainsbury’s over a similar period. (Tesco delayed the reporting of its fiscal first-half results as it sorts out its accounting problems.)
As we have written before , British shoppers are flocking to the “hard discounters” from Germany, Aldi and Lidl, putting up with a limited range of choice in return for lower prices. (The same goes for price-conscious Asda, the UK’s second-largest supermarket chain, although it offers a few more frills than Aldi and Lidl.) The full-service stores from Tesco, Sainsbury’s, and Morrisons have given in and joined the price war, furiously slashing prices to win back customers. But they don’t have the same scope to cut prices without savaging profits and disappointing investors—Aldi’s UK boss says that the firm is committed to keeping its average basket at least 15% cheaper than the major chains, ensuring that the pricing pressure won’t relent any time soon.
Amid stagnant growth in the the industry, Aldi has recorded double-digit annual sales gains for more than three years, according to Kantar Worldpanel. This comes from a much smaller base–Aldi only accounts for 5% of the UK’s grocery market—but big expansion plans mean that it won’t remain so small for long.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Despite the UK’s perky economy—it’s expected to post the strongest growth among G7 countries  this year—shoppers aren’t feeling particularly flush. Take-home pay hasn’t kept up with inflation, resulting in a “ lost decade ” of real wage growth, according to Ernst & Young. This explains the appeal of the discount upstarts, and the desperation of the major chains to defend their turf—by any means necessary.
Share this:

Rs 286-cr for Assam floods; More funds after final assessment  says RajnathSinghPrint
The union home minister underlined the need for a well-drawn plan ready at hand in order to face challenges posed by natural calamities and disasters like floods.
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 1, 2014 7:11 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 1:21 am
Union home minister Rajnath Singh on Wednesday announced immediate release of Rs 286 crore central share of disaster relief fund to Assam , and promised of “maximum support” once a detailed assessment of the damage caused by the recent floods was done. With this, altogether Rs 672 crore has been released by the Centre under disaster relief fund this year, Singh said.
Singh’s announcement came at a time when Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi had said that the total worth of damage caused by the recent floods would be anywhere between Rs 1000 crore and Rs 2000 crore. In Meghalaya, chief minister Mukul Sangma had sought Rs 2,000 crore even as the final assessment is yet to be completed.
The union home minister also underlined the need for a well-drawn plan ready at hand in order to face challenges posed by natural calamities and disasters like floods. “Tackling floods and such other natural calamities is one of the priorities in the national agenda of our government, and we will always provide maximum support to the states,” he added.
Addressing a press conference at the end of his day-long trip to the region during which he made aerial survey of flood-hit districts of Assam and adjoining Garo Hills region of Meghalaya, Singh said the Centre was expecting a detailed memorandum from the states, which would be followed up by an assessment by an inter-ministerial team, before a final figure was worked out.
“I met both chief ministers Tarun Gogoi and Mukul Sangma and discussed the situation, and have asked them to send a detailed memorandum each. An inter-ministerial team will then come for a final assessment, after which the Centre will provide maximum possible support,” Singh said.
Singh also announced immediate sanction and release of Rs 8 crore central share under disaster relief fund that was due to Meghalaya (making the total Rs 131 crore) as also Rs 20 crore to Arunachal Pradesh (making the total Rs 90 crore). The Centre’s share in the disaster relief fund is 75 per cent, with the states having to contribute the remainder. Altogether 40 persons had died in last week’s Assam floods, 55 in Meghalaya and 66 in Arunachal Pradesh, he informed.
The union home minister also appealed to political parties to rise over political gains in times of disaster and said all should work hand-in-hand in such situations. “Political parties should learn from NGOs and continued…

This ingenious moped cooler puts your party onThis Ingenious Moped Cooler Puts Your Party on Wheels
Krewesing for a brewsing
Johnny Yu
October 01, 2014
If the Coolest Cooler and its mind-bogglingly successful Kickstarter campaign have taught us anything, it’s that people aren’t satisfied with carrying just their drinks around—they want to take the entire party with them.
The Kreweser boasts space for up to 96 cans. View Larger
The Kreweser seems like the next logical step. You’re probably thinking it just looks like a motorized tricycle with a cooler as a seat. Well, that’s basically what it is, and we fail to see how that’s a bad thing.
But while the Kreweser puts your party on wheels—especially if you grab the upgraded version with built-in Bluetooth speakers—it's more than just a motorized cooler. In fact, the 94-quart/96-can icebox is just the attention-grabber: The hub motor located in the trike's front wheel is where all the interesting tech is found.
According to Kreweser’s Kickestarter , that little motor can haul a 400-pound load and propel you at speeds of up to 18 mph. The cooler and the frame are completely separate components, and the frame can be handily folded up for easy transport.
Kreweser's designers have also suggested that custom modifications may be on the way in the future, which further cements the idea that the scooter frame is the real product and the cooler is just an accessory.
The scooter frame can be folded for easier transport. View Larger
But does this thing stand a chance of toppling the Coolest’s record-setting $13.2 million Kickstarter fund? Well, that will depend on how many people are willing to drop $649 on it.
That's a hefty asking price, but it could be worth it for people who want a mobile bikefull of beer at their next camping trip or tailgate party. (A higher-priced option includes a custom cooler wrap with the logo of your favorite sports team or any other design you choose.)
With about three weeks left to meet its funding goal, it won’t be long before we find out if the world is ready for the Kreweser.

Wall Street opens lower  Ebola concern weighsWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

The US is keeping nuclear weapons around for planetary defenseSpace Business
October 1, 2014
Why is the US falling behind on its promises to destroy old nuclear weapons? Here’s one reason given to government auditors  (pdf):
Share
Tap image to zoom
That’s right, the US isn’t dismantling its old nuclear weapons, because we might need them to destroy an asteroid hurtling toward earth. To clarify some of the bureaucratic language above, NNSA is the “National Nuclear Security Administration”; CSAs are “canned subassemblies” that contain highly enriched uranium for use in nuclear weapons. And senior-level government evaluation means there is contingency planning going on around what to do in the event of an asteroid heading toward earth.
The Wall Street Journal, which first reported this item , notes that scientists aren’t necessarily concerned about a massive, planetary-extinction level asteroid more than kilometer in diameter, like the one scientists believe led to the extinction of dinosaurs—at least for the next hundred years or so.
But since an asteroid just 20 meters in diameter crashed in Chelyabinsk, Russia, last year, injuring over a thousand people, scientists are increasingly concerned about the threat presented by smaller asteroids and are working on ways to track and combat them. Some scientists think that if such an asteroid were heading for earth, a nuclear blast in space could be the best way to break avert the threat.
Asteroids are also attracting the attention of the private sector: Planetary Resources, a US firm backed by prominent tech investors including Google’s Larry Page and Eric Schmidt, is designing technology to harvest resources from asteroids. That work could lead to less explosive ways to deal with small asteroids by capturing and moving them, but successful deployment is many years away at best.
In the event that a nuclear weapon is needed for planetary defense, it remains unclear whether a rag-tag band of oilmen will be needed to deploy it.
Share this:

Swachh Bharat: PSUs to construct 50 000 toil...PSUs like Coal India and NTPC to construct 50,000 toilets across the country
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 07.22PM IST
Tags:
Coal India
(As part of the Swachh Bharat…)
NEW DELHI: As part of the Swachh Bharat campaign, PSUs like Coal India and NTPC will construct 50,000 toilets in schools across the nation in a year.
"The PSUs...will construct 50,000 toilets in schools all over the country within next one year up to August 2015," an official statement said, adding that the work on 1001 toilets will begin tomorrow, in various states.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan tomorrow.
Coal India will construct 400 toilets, while NTPC 240 of them.
"For the construction of these toilets, 50 per cent of the corporate social responsibility budget will be earmarked during the financial year 2014-15 and 2015-16," the statement said.
States where the toilets will be constructed include, Bihar, Chhattissgarh, Jharkhand, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu and Assam
The Prime Minister's mission to achieve 'Swachh Bharat' by 2019 is a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1ruz0bXFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Top 20 vehicles for getting tickets
The Subaru WRX is the most-ticketed car in the U.S. by percentage of owners pulled over, U.S., according to a study Insurance.com released today. More than one out of every three WRX drivers — 33.6% — reports
Post to Facebook
Top 20 vehicles for getting tickets The Subaru WRX is the most-ticketed car in the U.S. by percentage of owners pulled over, U.S., according to a study Insurance.com released today. More than one out of every three WRX drivers — 33.6% — reports Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vv7sTM
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
36
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Top 20 vehicles for getting tickets
Zlati Meyer and Fred Meier, Detroit Free Press and USA TODAY 8:35 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
Insurance.com rated the Top 20 vehicles for getting tickets, based on percentage of owners recently getting traffic citations. No. 1 ticket bait: Subaru Impreza WRX at 33.6% (2012 STI shown here). 
(Photo: None Subaru)
No. 2: Pontiac GTO at 32.7%.(2004 shown here). 
(Photo: GM)
No.3: Scion FR-S at 32.6% (2013 shown here). 
(Photo: Toyota)
No. 4: Toyota Supra at 30.8% (1994 Turbo shown here). 
(Photo: Toyota)
No. 5: Subaru Tribeca at 29.7% (2006 B9 shown here). 
(Photo: Subaru)
No. 6: Volkswagen Rabbit at 29.6% (2007 shown here). 
(Photo: Volkswagen)
No. 7: Mercury Topaz at 28.8% (1992-94 shown here). 
(Photo: Bull Doser via Wikipedia)
No. 8: Scion tC coupe at 28.8% (2014 shown here). 
(Photo: Robert Deutsch USAT)
No. 9: Toyota FJ at 28.4% (2009 shown here). 
(Photo: None Toyota)
No. 10 Mazda2 at 28.1% (2011 shown here). 
(Photo: Guy Spangenberg, Mazda)
No. 11: The Hyundai Veloster (2014 here). 
(Photo: Evan Sears, Cars.com)
No. 12" Volkswagen GTI at 28.1% (2014 shown here). 
(Photo: Robert Deutsch USAT)
No. 13: Suzuki Reno at 28.1% (2005 shown here). 
(Photo: Suzuki)
No. 14: Scion xA at 27.8% (2013 shown here). 
(Photo: TOYOTA)
No. 15: Pontiac G8 at 27.7% (2009 GXP shown here). 
(Photo: GM)
No. 16: Mini Cooper Countryman at 27.5% (2011 shown here). 
(Photo: Mini)
No. 17: The Mitsubishi 3000GT (1995 here). 
(Photo: Adolphus79 vis Wikipedia)
No. 18: Saturn Aura at 27.1% (2007 shown here). 
(Photo: AP)
No. 19: Infiniti QX80 at 27.1% (2015 shown here). 
(Photo: Nissan)
No. 20: Toyota Prius C at 27.0% (2012 shown here). 
(Photo: Toyota)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

http://usat.ly/1vx5eTSFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Report: Apple launching gold iPad this month
Report: Apple to Release Gold iPads This Month, Larger iPad Next Year As the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus continue to be rolled out across the globe Apple followers are now turning their attention to what the company
Post to Facebook
Report: Apple launching gold iPad this month Report: Apple to Release Gold iPads This Month, Larger iPad Next Year As the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus continue to be rolled out across the globe Apple followers are now turning their attention to what the company Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vx5eTS
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
28
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Report: Apple launching gold iPad this month
Eli Blumenthal, Special for USA TODAY 4:44 p.m. EDT October 3, 2014
Apple may introduce a gold iPad.
(Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP)
292 CONNECT 265 TWEET 4 LINKEDIN 28 COMMENTEMAILMORE
As the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus continue to roll out across the globe, Apple followers are now turning their attention to what the company will do next, particularly when it comes to the iPad.
According to Bloomberg , Apple's new iPads are "anticipated to be unveiled this month" and will add the gold color option to offer similar color options to those found on the company's iPhones. The new iPads are also rumored to be adding other recent iPhone staples such as the Touch ID fingerprint sensor.
The site previously reported that Apple was also working on a 12.9-inch iPad, and reaffirmed that it doesn't expect the larger tablet to be available until next year.
An October Apple announcement is not unprecedented. The company usually holds two events in the fall, one in September for new iPhones and another in October for new iPads and Macs. Last year, the company held an event at in October where it announced the iPad Air, iPad Mini with Retina Display and the release of OS X Mavericks.
In addition to updated iPads, Apple is also expected to release it's latest Mac OS X update, version 10.10 Yosemite, sometime this fall. A recent report from The Daily Dot claimed the company is planning another event for October 21.
Follow Eli Blumenthal on Twitter: @eliblumenthal .
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vx5eTS

Copper prices continue to trade weak; Emkay advises to sellLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Copper prices continue to trade weak; Emkay advises to sell
According to Emkay, Nov. Copper prices continue to trade weak. Prices can correct to Rs 412/410.50 levels if the counter starts trading below Rs 414. Any pullbacks to Rs 419-420 zones will be met with fresh supply pressure, says the report.
Post your opinion here
Emkay's report on base metals
Copper:
Nov. Copper prices continue to trade weak. Prices can correct to 412/410.50 levels if the counter starts trading below 414 today. Any pullbacks to 419-420 zones will be met with fresh supply pressure.
Zinc:
Zinc prices couldn’t sustain at higher levels yesterday. Prices have downside support at 140 levels. Dips and reversals from this support should be a buying opportunity for day traders. Upsides will be restricted around 142.
Lead:
Lead prices have retraced its gains witnessed on 29th Sep. Prices have support on the downside between 128.70-128.30 zones and buying can be seen around these zones. Any major selling can be seen only if prices break below 128. Counter can test 130.50 on the upside.
Nickel:
Nickel prices continue to trade weak. The counter is reaching oversold territory and prices should not fall below 995 levels. We expect nickel prices to trade in a range of 995 to 1020 for the day.
Aluminium:
Aluminium has support for the day at 118.50. Dips and reversals from around this support will see prices test 119.50/120 on the upside. Only a breakdown below 118.50 will see the counter make fresh swing lows towards 118.
For all commodities report, click here
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Stocks Sink as European Worries Move to USAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Londoners could buy a whole house somewhere else for just what they pay in property taxHow many houses elsewhere could you swap for this one?(Reuters/Andrew Winnin)
SHARE
Kabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
October 1, 2014
Not only is the surging London real estate market a boon for sellers and developers, it’s also giving the British government a huge tax windfall.
The average person in London has to pay a property tax bill of almost £16,000 ($26,000) when they buy a house, according to the latest government figures . This means that the tax bill—known as stamp duty—on the average home sale in the British capital could buy a whole property elsewhere. Such as an eight-bedroom house  in Andalusia in Spain, at the center of a severe property slump. Or a plot of land near the sea in Fortaleza in Brazil. Or a family home in Phoenix, Arizona.
London’s mayor, Boris Johnson, said “stamp duty has become a tax on London.” In total in the year to April 2014, homebuyers in London paid a record £2.7 billion in stamp duty, which is charged at between 1% and 7% on any house sold in the UK for above £125,000. The average house price in London is £467,000 now—meaning an average of 3% is paid in land tax to the government for every house sold in the capital.
Still, this does nothing to dampen enthusiasm in the London housing market. The borough of Kensington and Chelsea contributed £444 million in stamp duty—more than twice what the whole of Scotland paid. One official at the British tax authorities described the amounts being raised as “phenomenal” and the recovery in the housing market “nuclear aircraft-sized.”
Quartz has tried to put the magnitude of the rise in the housing market in context before, noting the average London home gained enough value in the past six months to put a child through university and that you could buy three homes in Northern Ireland for the price of London house and still have some change. Perhaps the latter statistic shouldn’t surprise, given how far and fast the capital’s property prices are breaking away from the rest of the country.
In June, the latest figures available, 206 of the homes sold in London were worth more than £2 million—the threshold for the highest amount of stamp duty. According to the UK’s statistics office , homes in London are up 39.7% since the market’s peak just before the financial crisis, following a brief period where they stabilized. Meanwhile, prices in Northern Ireland have lost almost half their value since that point—though they are at least above their lows in 2013.
Share this:

TVS Motor sales up 27% in SeptemberHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
TVS Motor sales up 27% in September
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 1:  
Chennai-based TVS Motor Company on Wednesday reported a 27 per cent increase in its total sales at 250,835 units in September 2014.
The company had sold 197,409 units in the same month last year, TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
Total two-wheeler sales increased by 28 per cent to 241,668 units in September 2014 as against 189,609 units in the same month a year ago.
Domestic two-wheeler sales stood at 217,447 units last month, up 29 per cent, from 168,598 units in the year-ago period, it added.
Scooters sales during the month grew by 63 per cent to 70,508 units in September 2014 as against 43,201 units in the corresponding month last year.
Motorcycles sales grew by 18 per cent to 98,052 units in last month as compared to 83,043 units in the corresponding month a year earlier.
During the month, sales of three-wheelers grew by 18 per cent at 9,167 units as against 7,800 units in August 2013.
Exports in September grew by 15 per cent to 31,616 units in the month as compared to 27,577 units in the corresponding month a year earlier.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Trai directs Loop to inform closure date to subscribersTrai directs Loop to inform closure date to subscribers
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 01, 2014 02:45 PM IST
Sectoral regulator Trai has directed Loop Mobile to inform date of closure of its services in Mumbai to all subscribers either in writing or by sending an SMS or email within 10 days.
"The Authority hereby directs Loop Mobile that it shall inform the date of closure of its services in Mumbai licensed service area to all its existing subscribers...Either in writing or by sending SMS/e-mail, within 10 days of issue of this direction," Trai said in a letter dated September 30.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) said the mobile operator should also inform about every new subscriber at the time of his enrolment to its network.
"Loop Mobile is further directed to furnish the compliance report with regard to the direction within 15 days of issue of this direction," Trai said.
Loop Mobile had informed Department of Telecom (DoT), in a letter dated March 10 this year, that due to various commercial reasons, it was unable to renew the CMTS licence and would, therefore, cease to provide its services with effect from November 29, 2014.
Mumbai-based Loop Mobile's licences will expire in November after which it will not be able to offer telecom services. The company had to buy spectrum afresh to continue its operations but it did not participate in the auction held in February.
The company in June last had entered into an agreement with Bharti Airtel to sell its assets for about Rs 700 crore.
The deal, however, is yet to be approved by DoT.
DoT estimates that Loop Mobile and its other sister concern owes it about Rs 808 crore. The Department, according to sources, has held up the clearance related to the deal as the payment has not been made yet to the government.
No comment on this could be obtained from Loop Mobile when contacted earlier this week.

Honda Cars sales up 45% in SeptemberHonda Cars sales up 45% in September
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 01, 2014 02:16 PM IST
Honda Cars India today reported 45% increase in domestic sales in September 2014 at 15,015 units as against 10,354 units in the same month last year.
Last month, the company sold 1,152 units of small car Brio, 3,848 units of compact sedan Amaze, 5,329 units of Mobilio and 4,600 units of the mid-sized sedan City, Honda Cars India Ltd (HCIL) said in a statement.
Besides, the company sold 86 units of sports utility vehicle CRV.
In addition, the company exported a total of 38 units during the month.
Commenting on the sales, HCIL Senior Vice-President (Marketing and Sales) Jnaneswar Sen said: "We continue to perform strongly with strong demand for all our models during this festival period."
He said the company has resumed production of its flagship model Honda City during September 2014.
"In coming months, we will be able to ensure better availability and timely deliveries to fulfill the huge demand," Sen added.

Gold for Mary Kom: Twitter celebratesMary Kom's gold has taken India's medal tally at the Asian Games to  47  with 7 gold, 8 silver and 32 bronze medals taking India to No.10 position. Another gold will take India to the top six position.  
 
The Asian Games had come under the scanner yesterday for a couple of controversial decisions. Indian Boxer Sarita Devi was allegedly robbed of her win. Sarita lost her bout in the lightweight (57-60kg)  semifinals to South Korea’s Jina Park a bout that was evidently dominated by Sarita. 
Later today, she broke down on the podium during the medal ceremony and refused to wear the bronze medal she had to settle for.
Why waste time going through these boxing bouts? Just declare the Koreans winners before they start! #saritadevi
— Vikram Chandra (@vikramchandra) September 30, 2014
I don't blame Sarita Devi for being upset. She was robbed. Hope she gets a great welcome back home.
— Vikram Chandra (@vikramchandra) October 1, 2014
Boxer #SaritaDevi refuses her medal at the #AsianGames2014 What a terrible feeling it must be to win the title and yet not win it. @ibnlive
— Sohini Guharoy (@sohinigr) October 1, 2014
Sarita Devi's #AsianGames episode exposes hopelessness of Indian Boxing. Is she crying for losing a medal or the health of #India boxing?
— soumitra bose (@soumitra65) October 1, 2014
Mary serves as an inspiration for millions of girls in the country especially women athletes who have to combat societal pressure along with the stagnant sports infrastructure in the country to do well in the field. 

Nifty slips below 7 950; Oil and Gas  FMCG dragNifty slips below 7,950; Oil and Gas, FMCG drag
Jinsy Mathew | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 04:09 PM IST
Markets ended near day lows with the BSE benchmark index trading within a tight range of 136 points. Also, today was the last trading day of the week with the markets being closed tomorrow and the day after for Mahatma Gandhi Jayanthi and Dussehra respectively.
For the day, the Sensex was down 63 points or 0.2% at 26,568 and the Nifty slipped 19 points or 0.2% at 7,945. The ones weighing on the indices were FMCG and oil & gas explorers.
The broader markets too closed in red with mid and smallcap indices down 0.2-0.4%.
Rupee
Rupee recovered after opening at 61.95 per dollar, its lowest since March 4. The Indian unit was trading at 61.74 as compared to its previous close of 61.74/75.
Traders pared their positions ahead of holidays as the currency markets will be closed from Thursday to Monday. Also, most Asian currencies were in red on concerns about Hong Kong protests.
Sectors & Stocks
Barring IT index which was up 2%, all the sectoral indices on BSE closed in the red with a cut of atleast 0.2%. The major sectoral losers were Oil & Gas, FMCG, Consumer Durables, Capital Goods and Realty indices down 0.5-1.5%.
Software exporters gained on hopes that weak currency would aid improve margins. The dollar index had climbed to a four-year high against a basket of currencies in intra-day trades.
Wipro gained 3% on reports that the government has approved the proposal of Wipro to set up SEZs in Andhra Pradesh. The stock was also teh top Sensex gainer for the day.
Infosys rose nearly 3% after the company said it is extending its relationship with Oracle to enhance support for a range of innovative solutions and services on new technology platforms.
TCS, Tech Mahindra and HCL Tech added 1.5% each.
Auto stocks Hero MotoCorp and Mahindra & Mahindra gained 1-2% on the back of strong sales in the month of September. However, Maruti Suzuki dropped 3% due to lower export sales and was also the top Sensex loser.
Coal India, Axis Bank, Sun Pharma and NTPC were the only other gainers among Sensex-30.
The financial shares were in red post the RBI’s neutral stance on key policy rates. SBI, HDFC twins and ICICI Bank were down 0.1-0.8%.
FMCG majors ITC and HUL dropped 1.5-2%.
Oil & Gas scrips corrected tracking lower crude oil prices. GAIL, RIL and ONGC slipped 1.5-2.5%.
Metal stocks were weak in today's trade with Tata Steel, Hindalco and Sesa Sterlite down 0.7-2%.
Smart Moves
MT Educare rallied 5.6% to Rs 147 after the Reserve Bank of India increased foreign institutional investors' (FIIs) investment limit in the education firm to 100% of its paid-up capital.
Jubilant FoodWorks gained 4% at Rs 1,280 after the company announced the inauguration of Domino's Pizza maiden restaurant in Gorakhpur and Udaipur.
Shemaroo Entertainment hit the lower circuit of 5% at Rs 171 after listing at premium on the BSE.
Aviation stocks rallied by up to 5% on the bourse today as state-owned oil companies reduced the price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF) or jet fuel by a steep 3% on the back of falling international oil rates. Spicejet gained 2.5% and Jet Airways was up 2% while Kingfisher Airlines was locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 2.15
Global Markets
Stocks worldwide began the fourth quarter on a negative note, with investors wary of lackluster economic data and keeping a cautious eye on civil unrest in Hong Kong.
The dollar held close to a four-year high against a currency basket, helped by the weak factory activity data, and pushed commodity prices lower.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 equity index was down 0.1% after final September purchasing manager numbers from France and Germany underlined the fragility of the European recovery.
Manufacturing stumbled across most of Asia in September. The closely watched Chinese PMI stayed stuck at 51.1, only modestly above the 50 level that separates growth from contraction.
MSCI's main index of Asia-Pacifc shares outside Japan fell 0.3%. In Tokyo, the Nikkei stock index closed 0.6% lower. Big Japanese manufacturers were slightly more optimistic in the third quarter but service-sector sentiment worsened, a central bank survey showed.
Chinese stock markets were closed for a national holiday.

UBM plans rights issue to buy AdvanstarUBM plans £563m rights issue to fund bid for Advanstar
By Robert Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47ad1f20-494c-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tom Hanks  new app an homage to manual typewritersTom Hanks' new app an homage to manual typewriters
Tom Hanks launches iPad app
Tom Hanks just released an iPad App called Hanx Writer, which simulates writing on a manual typewriter.
Tom Hanks just released an iPad App called Hanx Writer, which simulates writing on a manual typewriter.
By Natasha Baker, Reuters
Computer Hardware Tom Hanks Apple iPad
'Whenever you type, the sounds the typewriter makes you feel like you're composing something special.'
A new app for the iPad aims to recreate the nostalgic sense of typing on a manual typewriter, but ramped up to meet the demands of digital-age word processing.
The brainchild of Oscar-winning actor and collector of vintage typewriters Tom Hanks, the app, perhaps aptly called Hanx Writer, replicates the aural and visual sensations of old-fashioned typing.
"In the late 70s's I bought a typewriter - portable enough for world travel and sturdy enough to survive decades of 10-fingered beatings," Hanks stated in a note shared in the app.
8
"I've since acquired many more - each different in design, action and sound. Each one stamps into paper a permanent trail of imagination through keys, hammers, cloth and dye," he wrote.
The app allows users to type emails, letters and stories on a virtual typewriter, accompanied by the sound of clanking keys as each character appears on the page beneath the type hammer.
Users can also "insert" new pages or pull pages up or down to adjust where text appears - just as they would with an old-school manual. After text is written, it can be emailed, printed, and shared from the app.
0
The free app includes one style of typewriter with two more on offer featuring different sounds, visuals, ribbon colors and other features, at $2.99 each.
According to Clinton Mills, co-founder and chief executive officer of Hitcents, the Bowling Green, Kentucky-based creative agency that developed the app, the appeal lies in hearing the rhythm of one's work.
"Whenever you type, the sounds the typewriter makes you feel like you're composing something special," he said.
Mills said that Hanks was actively involved throughout the creative process and often came up with solutions to challenges.
"He wanted to create a product that gave the nostalgia of a typewriter, but also composed well," said Mills, adding that Hanks "didn't want it to be gimmicky."
The actor uses typewriters daily and has even written several screenplays with vintage devices, Mills said.
The company plans to continue developing the app and will add more keyboards to the three now available.
Several other typewriter apps such as TypeWriter for Android devices and miTypewriter for Apple Inc's iPhone and iPad replicate the sound and visuals of a typewriter. They cost between $0.99 and $1.99. The free Electratype for iPad is a virtual typewriter app for creating greetings that can be shared via email or social media.
While the app was the top downloaded iPad app in the United States last week, some question its staying power.
Toronto-based journalist David Hayes, a typewriter collector and aficionado, is skeptical about the app's staying power.
"I grew up learning how to type on a typewriter. I still have the one I learned to type on, a Remington No. 2 from 1921, so I've experienced the romantic clickety-clack of the keys, ringing of bells and wonderful feeling of the keys as you type, called 'action,'" he explained.
It is that action that cannot be replicated via a touchscreen or keyboard, Hayes said.
He also noted that while he appreciates the typewriter's iconography and history, the ones he collects are mainly decor.
"As soon as computers came along, I didn't see the point," Hayes said. "I consider them 'objets d'art.'"
(Editing by Chris Michaud, G Crosse)

Women and the Environmentreddit
In this special week where we had the historical Climate March and world leaders have gotten together to discuss the climate issues at the Climate Summit in New York, I want to share the experience I´ve lived in Kenya. I believe sharing knowledge and experiences is empowering for everyone!
For us to help the world become a better place, we have to learn about what is happening in different parts of the globe. When we break out of our bubbles, we can see how important it is for people at the frontline to be at the heart of finding and implementing solutions.
I went to Kenya, for example. I learned a lot about environmental and energy problems, and also how amazing women are when they work together. I saw for myself how climate problems impact the lives and livelihoods of women and girls. Too often, women suffer from environmental damages with little say in how to do things differently. At the same time, women face the brunt of the adversities every day.
Do you know how big an impact a simple wood-burning stove can have on a woman's life? People use these because they do not have modern sources of electricity. The stoves produce a lot of toxic smoke. This harms the environment and human health. More people die from this smoke than malaria -- globally, about 4.3 million every year. That´s horrible! In rural Kenya, however, people don't have other options -- only 4 percent have access to electricity.
Getting enough wood for the stoves is also a huge burden on women, who spend many hours collecting and carrying it. I wanted to see this for myself, so I went wood-gathering with some women from a village outside Kisumu city. At least twice a week they gather wood, leaving at dawn and coming home at dusk. Because so many nearby trees have already been cut down, they have to walk for many hours.
The day we set off, we walked more than five miles, which they said was a short trip. The heat was intense, and we had to carry heavy tools. The women told me they were worried about so much of the forest being cut down. They wondered where they would get wood in the future. When we arrived at a place to cut wood, we found it full of thorns that pricked our fingers. Each woman cut about 40 kilos -- enough to fill two huge suitcases. They carried it back on their heads. I experienced carrying only about a fifth of their normal load.
It made me see how modern energy is vital to people's lives. It´s unacceptable that in the 21st century there are still people with no access to energy, sanitation and water. Those women from Kisumu are strong and work hard to care for and feed their families, but they need new kinds of fuel.
Fortunately, more and more women in Kenya and in other countries are involved in solving this problem, like slow-cooking stoves made from local clay and smoke hoods that reduce pollution in homes by up to 70 percent. These stoves use 50 percent less wood -- it's a win-win for people and the environment.
Women must be heard. Their voices and ideas can greatly contribute to finding climate solutions that work locally and culturally. One of my favorite people on my trip to Kenya was Naomi, a community leader. She has developed a fireless cooker, which helps to keep food warm for eight hours after cooking, so fires can be put out to conserve wood and reduce inside smoke.
Even though she faces many challenges, Naomi maintains a refreshingly positive outlook on life. She shared with me the great joy she gets from making others laugh! I saw she was well-liked and respected by other women in her village. There are many women like her around the world: smart, strong and positive. We all benefit when they share their energy and their ideas, unrestricted by gender inequality. Our common environment is too big a concern to leave anyone out of better caring for it.
I believe we should all have a dream no matter what our circumstances are. The women I met in Kenya reminded me of how important it is to never give up. They showed me that empowering women means empowering humanity. We should always believe in ourselves and our power to make a difference.
Special thanks to UNEP and Practical Action for allowing us to have this experience. This piece is an edited version of the op-ed that was originally written for, and published on, the UN Women Beijing+20 campaign.
This post is part of a month-long series produced by The Huffington Post in conjunction with a variety of events being held in September recognizing the threats posed by climate change. Those events include the UN's Climate Summit 2014 (that was held Sept. 23, 2014, at UN headquarters in New York) and Climate Week NYC (Sept. 22-28, 2014, throughout New York City). To see all the posts in the series, read here .
More:

Watch: Americas New War in the Middle Eastreddit
Previously published on BillMoyers.com.
As Congress skipped town and avoided a vote on war, President Obama announced this week that the US was taking the lead in bombing jihadists in Iraq and Syria, opening what is being widely interpreted as another long and costly American military campaign in the Middle East.
This week, I discuss the latest on the conflict with Jonathan Landay, a veteran national security reporter for McClatchy Newspapers and Matthew Hoh, a former Marine and foreign service officer in Afghanistan.
"As much as President Obama wishes we weren't the world's policemen, perhaps we are," Landay tells me. "And there's no escaping that curse."
Hoh, who resigned in protest from his post in Afghanistan over US strategic policy there, adds: "Is this really our model for the Middle East that we are going to bomb countries, continuously, take part in civil wars, sometimes supporting one side, maybe supporting the other, with no means or no real desire or effort to achieve a peace?"
Moyers & Company airs weekly on public television. Explore more at BillMoyers.com .
Follow Bill Moyers on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BillMoyersHQ
More:

"For The Sake Of What" Do You Go To Work Each Dayreddit
When it comes to your work are you more driven by what inspires you, or by what scares you?  "For the sake of what?" are you willing to speak up, transition your career, start a new business or take on a great big job when there's more chance of you failing than the one you're in right now.
Fear is the number one emotion that stops us from living the lives we most want.  Fear that we're not good enough.  Fear that we're not worthy.  Fear of what might happen if we succeed.  Fear that it might all fall apart.  Fear keeps us small and stuck in jobs that don't fulfill us but feel safe.
But is there really anything safe about living a life where you feel disengaged, disillusioned or desperate to be doing something other than how you're currently spending your days?
"In order for you to get outside your comfort zone and stop playing it safe, you need to have a clear purpose," recommended Margie Warrell , best selling author and courage coach, when I interviewed her recently.
Click here to listen to the full podcast.
"Courage isn't the absence of fear. It's not actually fearlessness," she explained.  "Rather, courage is action in the presence of our fears and self-doubts."
When we take action by starting with small steps, over time, we become more and more fearless. Instead of our fears running our lives, we're more driven by what inspires us, than by what scares us.
The challenge is that we're neurologically wired , to overestimate the probability that something will go wrong, to underestimate our ability to handle the consequences of risk and the long-term costs of comfortable inaction.  These factors cause many of us to be risk-averse and consequently we don't take the actions we really need to take, we don't put ourselves out there, and we resist new challenges.
Margie notes however, that there is a big difference between being well off and having wellbeing.  It's easy to mislead ourselves into thinking that if we just had the success we wanted, then it would be simple to show up and shine in ways that truly mattered.
But it actually works in reverse.
Only when you can answer clearly 'for the sake of what' you're willing to put yourself at risk, can you be as courageous as you can be, as purposeful as you can be and as successful as you can be.  Margie suggests taking the following steps to stop playing safe and find the courage to do what really matters to you at work:
Be aware of your impact - Become aware of the impact you can have on others simply by the spirit you bring to what you do at work.  More than what we do each day, it's how we do it that adds value.  Even if you're not living out your greatest passion in the world each day, bring to it a spirit of passion and engagement to positively impact others.
Understand your why - Why would you bother to speak up at work, to go and start a new career, or to take on a great big job where there's more chance of you failing than the one you're in right now? Why would you risk the humiliation and the possibility of rejection and failure?  For the sake of what are you willing to get out of your comfort zone, to take that risk, and to pursue the ambitions that excite you?
Find your purpose - Discover the intersection of your talents, your passions, your values, and your skills and expertise so that what you do every day is meaningful.  Think of it like this: there are things that you can be passionate about, but you might not have a lot of skills in this area at the moment, there might not be a lot of opportunity for this kind of work, or pursing it might compromise your values for family stability.  Purpose is rarely about all or nothing.  Rather, it's about looking at where there is overlap between what you're good at, what you care about, where there's value and a need in the marketplace that creates opportunities, and where you have some experience and skills.
Cultivate a courage mindset - Embrace the discomfort that comes with feeling vulnerable, with doing things that expose you to failure.  As you become clearer on what you want to do with your life don't start by taking on Mount Everest.  Courage builds courage so start where you are and do something today that stretches you.  When you encounter setbacks along the way pick yourself up knowing failure is a natural part of growth and figure out what the next step should be.  And try to surround yourself with other people who are courageous, who are conscious, who are committed, who lift you up versus pull you down so you have the support you need to continue acting courageously.
Tame your inner critic - We all hear those voices inside our head that say: "Who are you to do that? You're not good enough. What will people say if you fail?" Try giving a name to these voices - for example you might call them "your gremlins".  This way it help you remember that these voices are just your fears trying to protect you from pain, not a true reflection of who you are. When you can recognize them and distance yourself from their negativity, it creates the space and courage for you to say: "Thank you very much. I know you're trying to protect me. Now shut up, I'm going to take this risk anyway."
This article first appeared on Live Happy Magazine.
Follow Michelle McQuaid on Twitter: www.twitter.com/chellemcquaid
More:

Wait for a rate cut just got longerWait for a rate cut just got longer
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 12:59 AM IST
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan on Tuesday underscored his reputation as an ‘inflation hawk’ by keeping the benchmark lending rate unchanged in a fourth straight monetary policy review.
Most market participants said they expected a “prolonged pause” on rates, as the rate of retail inflation was unlikely to fall to six per cent before January 2016 — the target set by the central bank. “We expect interest rates to remain on hold until the end of 2015. The RBI’s framework puts a higher weight on policy stability and positive real rates,” Nomura said.
Samiran Chakraborty, managing director & regional head of research (South Asia Global Research) at Standard Chartered Bank, said he expected the RBI to be on an “extended pause” (no rate cut in 2015) as the disinflation process took shape and the government took necessary steps to improve food supply.
In a move that was widely expected, the Governor maintained the repurchase rate at eight per cent and said while the near-term retail inflation outlook was balanced, “with a slant to the downside”, risks to the January 2016 target of six per cent were “still to the upside, though somewhat lower than in the previous policy statement”.
Speaking to the media later, Rajan said: “As of now, we are reasonably set to reach that target but a lot can happen in the world. Oil prices, which are low now, could go up or could become even lower. Every other factor is subject to some uncertainty. The policy will be contingent on data.”
Rajan spoke about other positives on the inflation front, like stable exchange rates and a tempering in rural wage growth but also pointed to risks like the evolution of food prices following deficient monsoons.
He said the target of having inflation at eight per cent by January 2015 was easier than the “harder” task of getting it down to six per cent by January 2016. Rajan refrained from giving any indication on when he would lower rates, except saying any future monetary policy action would be contingent on data. “If data come in and say we are going to miss the six per cent inflation target, we will have to tighten. If data come in and say we will do better than six per cent earlier than January, we will have room to be more accommodative. Currently, we are appropriately positioned.”
Among other measures, the RBI reduced liquidity provided under the export credit refinance facility to 15 per cent of eligible export credit outstanding from 32 per cent, and said it would lower the amount of bonds banks could hold without marking to market (in tranches of 50 basis points between January and September 2015).
Rajan took further steps to buffer the rupee after the US projected a steeper increase in borrowing costs next year. The RBI raised the amount of government bonds that banks hold as ‘high-quality liquid assets’, which could be used to borrow emergency funds when market conditions require liquidity additions, and allowed importers to hedge more of their foreign-currency payments.
The RBI left the statutory liquidity ratio and cash reserve ratio requirements unchanged, but said it would gradually lower the ceiling on the amount of bonds that must be held until maturity to 22 per cent from 24 per cent, by September 19, 2015. The statutory liquidity ratio is the portion of deposits banks must invest in safe assets like government bonds.
The stock market surrendered most of its early gains after the monetary policy announcement, and closed only 33 points higher than its previous close, on selling in interest-sensitive stocks of banking and realty stocks. In highly volatile trade, the 30-share BSE Sensex opened higher and rose to the day’s high of 26,851.33, a jump of 254.22 points from previous close, but shed most of its gains to close at ‘26,630.51. Brokers said the RBI action was largely in line with investors’ expectation and had little impact on buying by participants, but profit-booking at improved levels minimised the gains, spread over a broad front. The central bank also said that while deposits had been growing at a faster pace than credit, a slowdown in credit offtake was due to a variety of reasons, including the corporate sector raising resources from alternative sources like commercial papers. Bankers said lower credit offtake when liquidity was comfortable might lead to trimming of deposit rates to maintain margins, as yield on advances had come down.
“Considering that the system has sufficient liquidity, credit has not picked up, companies have various avenues to raise funds, and investment climate is yet to turn around, banks might reduce their deposit rates going forward. Some large banks have already done so,” said Indian Bank Chairman & Managing Director TM Bhasin, who is also the chairman of Indian Banks’ Association. State Bank of India, which has a comfortable liquidity position, recently reduced its deposit rates for select tenures.

Could a Merger Follow the PayPal-eBay SplitAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Barack Obama  Narendra Modi pledge to intensify maritime securityPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:39 am
US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi have pledged to intensify cooperation in maritime security to ensure freedom of navigation in comments that came against the backdrop of China’s expanding maritime ambitions.
A US-India Joint statement issued at the end of summit talks between Obama and Modi at the White House said the two sides also considered enhancing technology partnerships for India’s Navy including assessing possible areas of technology cooperation.
“The leaders agreed to intensify cooperation in maritime security to ensure freedom of navigation and unimpeded movement of lawful shipping and commercial activity, in accordance with the accepted principles of international law.
To achieve this objective the two sides considered enhancing technology partnerships for India’s Navy including assessing possible areas of technology cooperation, the statement said while dealing with issues relating to Defense and Homeland Security cooperation.
The two sides also agreed to upgrade their existing bilateral exercise MALABAR.
The annual MALABAR exercise includes diverse activities, ranging from fighter combat operations to aircraft carriers, through Maritime Interdiction Operations Exercises.

FCA begins full investigation of TescoFinancial Conduct Authority investigates Tesco’s accounting woes
By Andrea Felsted, Caroline Binham and Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e1cade6-4931-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Handicraft villages may be made tourist destinationsNEW DELHI, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 15:57 IST
Handicraft villages may be made tourist destinations
Pheroze L. Vincent
economy, business and finance
Villages that are home to weavers, artisans and craftsmen may soon be added to the itinerary of tourists.
Textiles Secretary S.K. Panda has written to all Chief Secretaries to name four to five villages which would be developed on lines of the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana that Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced  on Independence Day. The letter sent on September 8 said, "Necessary infrastructure for the handloom weavers/ handicraft artisans living in the selected villages, as well as for the tourists may be developed by pooling available fund under ongoing schemes..."
A Ministry source explained that the government was against making artisans dependent on government funds. "The benefits of this scheme are three fold. Handlooms and handicrafts will get sold, rural jobs are
created and tourists are exposed to our traditions. There are several such villages which are accessible from major airports and rail heads and are on major highways," the source added.
In a press conference on Tuesday, Textiles Minister Santosh Gangwar said his ministry would promote high value products like silk and link weavers to the fashion industry.
"There has been sustained propaganda against us that we use child labour. In all traditional crafts the entire family is involved and other children are not hired. This is not child labour and we will have to relook at laws on the same," Mr. Gangwar told reporters.
The Ministry has also tied up with online retailer Flipkart for weavers to directly sell their products without losing money to middlemen. Flipkart would take 3 to 5 per cent commission on the sales, Mr. Gangwar said. Flipkart will also provide analytics to identify customers and allow weavers to create their personal brands.

Uddhav takes a dig at large number Modi rallies for Maharashtra pollsUpdated: October 2, 2014 15:51 IST
Uddhav takes a dig at large number of Modi rallies for Maharashtra polls
PTI
PTI In this September 27, 2014 photo, Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray addresses a rally in Mumbai.
TOPICS
regional elections
The Prime Minister would not have been invited to address the public if the BJP was confident of winning on “Modi wave”, says the Shiv Sena chief
Taking a dig at former ally BJP for announcing that Narendra Modi would hold poll rallies in Maharashtra, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Wednesday said the Prime Minister would not have been invited to address the public if BJP was confident of winning on “Modi wave”.
“There are so many statements coming from them (the BJP) that speak about Modi’s plans to hold several rallies for the upcoming State Assembly polls.
“I have nothing against Modi. But it is very clear that if there was indeed a ‘Modi wave’ in the State, they would not have asked him to hold so many rallies. It is the first time that a PM will hold so many rallies before Assembly polls,” Mr. Uddhav Thackeray said.
The Sena president was addressing reporters at his residence in Mumbai, on the sidelines of a meeting with delegation of Maharashtra Sikh Association workers, who have announced their support to his party for the October 15 State polls.
BJP general secretary and in-charge of party affairs in Maharashtra, Rajiv Pratap Rudy had on Tuesday said Mr. Modi would address 22-24 election meetings across the State between October 4 and 13.
Dismissing speculations of a post-poll alliance with his estranged cousin Raj Thackeray, Mr. Uddhav Thackeray said the call made by him to the ailing MNS chief was out of “courtesy”.
“I did call Raj Thackeray to enquire about his health. But we have not met. It was just a courtesy call and if I call him to ask about his health. Why is the health of some people deteriorating,” he quipped.
When asked if Sena’s lone Minister in the Union Cabinet Anant Geete will resign after Mr. Modi’s return from the U.S. trip, Mr. Uddhav Thackeray said a decision will be taken after holding consultations with the Prime Minister.
“I cannot comment on what will happen in the future. But once Modi returns, we will have discussions with him, and based on that we will take a final call,” he said.
Denying allegations that he had ordered Sena workers to ensure defeat of certain BJP leaders, Mr. Uddhav Thackeray said he only wishes good for his opponents.
“I do not think bad for anyone. The Sena is fighting to win elections. I do not want any negative power by my side,” he said.
The BJP has not only broken the alliance with the Shiv Sena, they have broken their ties with the very principles of Hindutva on the basis of which this partnership was formed, Mr. Uddhav Thackeray said.

Myanmar opens doors to foreign banksMyanmar opens doors to foreign banks
By Michael Peel in Bangkok and Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bc39bb8-494e-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex ends 62 points lower  RIL down by 1.96 per centUpdated: October 1, 2014 23:36 IST
Stock indices in red, rupee bounces back
PTI
PTI The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) closed at 26567.99 with a loss of 62.52 points or 0.23 per cent.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Sensex ends 62 points lower, RIL down by 1.96 per cent; brokers said in view of long holidays ahead investors were seen refraining from enlarging their positions, they even reduced positions.
Stock indices ended in the red prior to a long week-end while the Rupee bounced back as earnings session would begin next week with information technology major Infosys announcing its second quarter financial results.
The rupee closed at 61.61 against the dollar compared to its previous close of 61.75 on Tuesday. However, it opened on a weak note at 61.95.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) 30-share Sensitive Index (Sensex) closed at 26567.99 with a loss of 62.52 points or 0.23 per cent. Among the broader indices, BSE 100 was down by 0.24 per cent, BSE 200 lost 0.26 per cent and BSE 500 dipped by 0.27 per cent. Except information technology index which was up by 1.94 per cent and technology at 1.36 per cent, all other sectoral indices ended in the red. On the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the 50-share Nifty closed at 7945.55 with a loss of 19.25 points or 0.24 per cent.
"The domestic bourses were seen consolidating in a narrow range throughout the week and lost marginally in the end ahead of long week-end holidays,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
“The monetary policy review turned out to be a non-event as the RBI Governor kept the key policy rates unchanged. Also, participants preferred to sit on sidelines due to long week-end ahead,” said Mr. Manglik, adding, “broadly, the CNX Nifty index has been trading within 7850-8050 for last six trading sessions and either side decisive break will trigger the next directional move.”

More fizz in his lifeUpdated: October 1, 2014 08:01 IST
More fizz in his life
Srinivasa Ramanujam
theatre
Sharman Joshi on his comeback to theatre, films and the things that matter
This Sunday night, if you happen to head to the Marina or Elliots Beach for a drive, you might just spot Sharman Joshi. It’s been many years since the actor visited the city, and he hopes to do a bit of exploring.
But that’ll be late in the night. Much after he gets Chennai laughing with his rib-tickling Hindi play, Raju Raja Ram Aur Mein, which he’s staging in the city for the first time.
Born to a Gujarati theatre veteran with plenty of on-stage training, Sharman has recently made a comeback, of sorts, to drama after a long while. “I starred in the Gujarati version of the same play 10 years ago,” he says, “When we decided to premiere the Hindi version recently, it was like going home. I was nervous for the first three shows but after that, I got to know where the rooms were and where the switch was.”
It wasn’t easy. Not just because he was returning after a while, but also due to the fact that he was playing four roles in the play directed by Kedar Shinde. “Yes, that is quite challenging,” he admits. Though the play is a comedy, one particular character got his attention the most. “He’s called Raja Galgale and playing him is so intimidating,” says Sharman, “He talks to himself! Getting that right is quite difficult.”
He’s taken a while to get back ‘home’, which is how he describes theatre. He’s been busy outside….on film sets. After a string of memorable roles in Bollywood, his character in Rajkumar Hirani’s 3 Idiots andthefilm’s fame catapulted him to international fame. “Even now, they associate me with that film. It had a global reach. Recently, after the staging of my play, some people recollected the scenes in the film with so much detail like they’d seen it just the other day.”
That kind of recognition gets him super excited. “This is one of those films that will last. It will be the Sholay of my life.”
Currently, on the films front, Sharman is busy promoting Super Nani, his forthcoming Bollywood film directed by Indra Kumar. “He (Indra) is such a professional. He’ll go to any lengths to get his vision translated on screen. For Super Nani, he actually re-shot some scenes so that they came out perfectly… and he’s very candid about it.”
This movie, that’s set to release later this month, also sees the star teaming up with actor Rekha, whom he describes as a ‘living legend’. “We have a common joke — the last time I acted in a film with Rekhaji (Lajja in 2001), I played her son. And now, in Super Nani, I play her grandson. She says that the next time we’re cast together, I’ll play her great grandson!”

Maruti Suzuki September Sales Up 4.6%You are here: Home Corporates
Maruti Suzuki September Sales up 4.6 Per Cent
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 13:05 (IST)
Sebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
The country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India today reported 4.6 per cent increase in its total sales in September 2014 at 1,09,742 units as against 1,04,964 units in the same month previous year.
Domestic sales during the month stood at 99,290 units, up 9.8 per cent from 90,399 units in September previous year, Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) said in a statement.
Sales of mini passenger cars, including Alto, A-Star and WagonR were down 13.4 per cent at 35,547 units as against 41,061 units in the same month previous year.
Maruti said during the month, sales of its compact cars, comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire were at 43,304 units as against 36,679 units in the year-ago month, up 18.1 per cent.
Dzire Tour sales were at 1,221 units as against 857 units in September last year, up 42.5 per cent.
During the month, the company said it dispatched 1,375 units of the soon-to-be-launched sedan Ciaz.
The company's sales of utility vehicles, including Ertiga and Gypsy were at 5,980 units as against 2,657 units, up 125.1 per cent.
Van sales, consisting of Omni and Eeco, were at 11,863 units as compared to 8,767 units in the previous year, up 35.3 per cent, it said.
Exports in September were down 28.2 per cent to 10,452 units from 14,565 units in the same month previous year, the company said.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 13:01 (IST)

Truck Deals Help Boost US Auto Sales in SeptemberAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Warning  women: technology will make you crazyBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 1 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Karen Gillan as Eliza, and John Cho as the man who will fix her by curing her of her social media addictions. (Credit: ABC/Eric McCandless)
There has been plenty of recent discussion about women and the Internet, from what law enforcement can do to make it safe for women to live, work and write online to economic schemes for rescuing the internet comments sections from their own worst tendencies . Pop culture this fall seems to have a novel and sour twist on the question, suggesting that women should stay away from the Internet and social media or risk turning into narcissistic, obsessive, mercenary morons.
Last night saw the debut of “Selfie,” the most painful example of the bunch. The show is an update of “Pygmalion,” but with a twist: “Selfie” protagonist Eliza (Karen Gillan) is not socially unpolished because of her poverty, but because in exchange for social media stardom, she apparently traded away part of her brain.
Eliza is the kind of person who brags “I have 263,000 friends, followers and Insta-acquaintances” and tells her married lover: “I know it’s intimidating to fall for a girl with a strong pelvic floor and an advertising presence on her Facebook page.” It takes utter internet humiliation for her to realize “when Siri is the only one who’s there for you, you realize that being Friended isn’t the same thing as having friends.” When she gets caught playing on her phone during a wedding, she tells her colleague Henry (John Cho) “I’m not used to paying attention to super-boring long stuff, okay?”
Eliza’s narrative of transformation in “Selfie” relies on the idea that technology has corrupted her, and that by separating her from her phone and her social media accounts, Henry can turn her into a better person on every level. But the way she behaves suggests that she might have been a self-involved twerp with or without the internet to escape into.
A similar idea animates Jason Reitman’s new movie, “Men, Women & Children,” which hits theaters on October 17. The film traces the various ways technology upsets–or seems to upset–the lives of residents of a Texas town.
A sexless couple begin seeing other people they meet through an online escort service and the matchmaking adultery website AshleyMadison.com. A single mother slides from building a website to promote her daughter’s acting career to selling private photo sessions with the girl that are not precisely age-appropriate. A teenaged girl finds inspiration for her anorexia on Tumblr. And another mother’s overzealous monitoring of her daughter’s social media takes a bad turn.
“Men, Women & Children” does not really make its case that the Internet caused these families’ problems, rather than simply providing new outlets for them. But it suggests over and over again that it is particularly women who are prone to damage themselves and others through the use of social media. In both “Selfie” and “Men, Women & Children,” concern about how women and girls use the Internet sometimes seems like a proxy way to express a deeper contempt for female characters.
Milder suggestions that something nefarious happens when women encounter technology shows up in elsewhere in pop culture this fall. In “A to Z,” one of the young lovers, Andrew (Ben Feldman), works for a Tinder -like dating service run by a shrill woman who is obsessed with making sure her clients hook up but do not enter real relationships thereby keeping their memberships. If she were a man, she might be a swash-buckling titan of industry. Instead, she comes across as both slightly crazed and an amoral opponent to Andrew’s romanticism (which might get him treated like a ditz were he a woman).
All in all, it makes for a strange moment. Pop culture seems to feel that women should stay, if not in their kitchens, in the safe confines of the non-virtual world.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Arunachal Pradesh: Tribal woman raped  murdered inTawangPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 1, 2014 7:14 pm
A tribal woman was allegedly raped and then brutally murdered by at least two persons at a labour camp of the Border Roads Organisation (BRO) near Tawang in Arunacal Pradesh. The police still looking for the culprits.
While the incident took place on September 27, police have apprehended one person on suspicion and recorded his statement. A look-out notice has been issued for the two main culprits who are suspected to be from Assam.
Reports said the victim, a married tribal woman, who was a resident of Jang village, about 30 kms south-east of Tawang, was engaged as a casual labourer under the BRO on the Jang-Ramasapper road. The culprits, after having raped her, allegedly strangled her to death. While a case of unnatural death has been registered, the detailed post-mortem report was still awaited.
It was only on August 29 that a similar incident of rape and murder of a 35-year old woman had taken place at Likabali in West Siang district in Arunachal Pradesh. The police however could promptly arrest the culprit, again a person from Assam, who had thrown the victim’s body into a stream after having raped and murdered her.
A look-out notice has been issued for the two main culprits who are suspected to be from Assam.

Sonia Gandhi voices concern over rising incidents of trainaccidentsPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 7:36 pm
Congress President Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday expressed concern over the “rising” incidents of train accidents as she and Rahul Gandhi also condoled the loss of lives in a collision between two trains near Gorakhpur.
“Sonia Gandhi has expressed condolences at the loss of lives in the unfortunate train accident near Gorakhpur. Hoping that the injured are being provided adequate treatment and relief, Gandhi expressed concern over the rising incidents of train accidents,” the party said in a statement.
In a separate statement, Rahul Gandhi expressed grief over the Krishak Express-Barauni Express collision that led to 12 deaths and resulted in injuries to several others. “He said his thoughts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of those who lost their lives in this terrible tragedy,” the statement said.

Gold imports may go up to 75 tonnes per month'Gold imports may go up to 75 tonnes per month'
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 07.24PM IST
(Gold imports jumped substantially…)
MUMBAI: The country's gold imports are likely to rise to about 70-75 tonnes per month against the present average of 50-60 tonnes, a senior industry official said here.
"The gold and jewellery trade in the country is now brimming with confidence that gold imports into the country would rise to about 70 to 75 tonnes per month against the present average of 50 to 60 tonnes," India Bullion & Jewellery Association (IBJA) spokesperson Harmesh Arora said in a statement here.
Gold imports by India, the world's second-largest user jumped substantially in recent months after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) allowed more banks and traders to buy bullion overseas, widening the nation's trade deficit to an 11-month high.
The optimism stems from the fact that the trend over the past five years has been encouraging - total demand averaging 800 tonnes per year, and this year will not be an exception, Arora said.
Short-term fluctuations are considered common in this sector, which are determined by the prevailing economic scenario and customer sentiments. Now that festive season is round the corner and with a stable government at the Centre, the next couple of years are predicted to be strong, Arora said.
IBJA is hosting the India International Bullion Summit 2014 on October 4 and 5 in Mumbai. The event will be attended by experts from India and other countries, who will be deliberating on relevant topics such as FDI investment in bullion and jewellery industry, changes needed in gold policy, among others.
Eminent personalities including P R Somsundaram, Managing Director & Alistair Hewitt, Market Intelligence from World Gold Council, Motilal Oswal, Chairman & Managing Director, Motilal Oswal Financial Service Ltd, Surender Kumar Jindal, Director, Jindal Group, and Rajesh Khosla, Managing Director, MMTC-PAMP India Pvt Ltd, will speak on various issues.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buy Nile; target of Rs 256: Sunidhi SecuritiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Nile; target of Rs 256: Sunidhi Securities
Sunidhi Securities is bullish on Nile and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 256 in its September 22, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Sunidhi Securities' report on Nile
"Nile is a growing company that continues to build on its strengths to excel globally. It is making sustained efforts to keep in tune with evolving trends in technology and meet the changing needs of customers. NL is investing substantial amounts in both manufacturing facilities to facilitate material storage and movement, as part of de-bottlenecking. At the CMP of Rs 165, the share is trading at a P/E of 5.3x on FY15E and 3.9x on FY16E. We recommend BUY with a target price of Rs 256 in the medium-to-long term at which, the share will trade at a P/E of 6.0x on FY16E. The cyclical nature of the lead industry and volatility in the international prices for lead can affect the profitability of NL. Lack of availability of raw materials at economical prices could also affect the bottomline", says Sunidhi Securities research report.
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

HMSI sales up 33% in SeptemberHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
HMSI sales up 33% in September
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 1:  
Two-wheeler manufacturer Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India (HMSI) on Wednesday reported 33.32 per cent growth in total sales for September at 4,38,521 units.
The company’s total sales stood at 3,28,907 units in the same month last year.
Motorcycle sales went up by 18.92 per cent to 1,79,424 units last month, as against 1,50,868 units in September 2013, HMSI said in a statement.
The company’s scooter sales jumped by 49.72 per cent to 2,41,198 units from 1,61,096 units in September 2013, it added.
HMSI’s exports increased by 5.64 per cent to 17,899 units as against 16,943 units in the same month a year ago.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Bajaj Auto September sales up 7.14%Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Bajaj Auto September sales up 7.14%
PTI
New Delhi, Oct 1:  
Bajaj Auto today reported 7.14 per cent increase in motorcycle sales at 3,47,010 units in September 2014.
The company had sold 3,23,879 units in the corresponding month of previous year, Bajaj Auto Ltd (BAL) said in a statement.
BAL said exports were up 18.63 per cent during the month at 1,74,211 units as compared to 1,46,847 units in September 2013.
In the commercial vehicles category, its sales stood at 52,440 units, up 19.35 per cent, against 43,936 units in the same month of the previous year.
The total vehicle sales of the company during last month stood at 3,99,450 units, up 8.60 per cent, against 3,67,815 units in the same month a year ago.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

http://usat.ly/1rG2GjIMicrosoft unveils first look at Windows 10
SAN FRANCISCO - Microsoft on Tuesday lifted the veil on the next version of Windows -- Windows 10.
Post to Facebook
Microsoft unveils first look at Windows 10 SAN FRANCISCO - Microsoft on Tuesday lifted the veil on the next version of Windows -- Windows 10. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YNEwcN
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
108
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Microsoft unveils first look at Windows 10
Video Keywords Windows 7 virtual desktops new operating system radical change San Francisco
In a surprising move skipping Windows 9, Microsoft on Tuesday unveiled the next version of Windows - Windows 10. VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  I think we don't say windows is that a threshold.
00:02  And now it's time for a new windows. Microsoft unveiled the
00:07  latest version of windows at a smaller event Tuesday in San
00:11  Francisco. The new operating system windows -- Is bringing back elements
00:15  familiar Windows 7 and eight users the -- start menu and
00:19 taskbar are now front and center. With new additions such as
00:22  live tiles and universal laps. The new features we'll showcase the
00:26  virtual desktops and allow users to run any -- in a
00:29  window. And yes the company is skipping the windows nine but
00:33  life. Some experts say it's because windows -- is such a
00:36  radical change from its predecessors so Microsoft decided to jump up
00:40  to version numbers. We know based on the product that's coming.
00:46  And just how different our approach will be overall. It wouldn't
00:50  be right to call it windows nine. The company said it
00:53  will focus on one windows product family across devices but also
00:57  personal relation to -- the windows experience to individual user's preferences.
01:02  Microsoft said windows ten will be launch some time in 2015.
01:06  But for people cannot wait and one tested out Microsoft will
01:10  release its technical preview of windows tend to anyone who signs
01:14  up for the windows insider program. Online.
Nancy Blair , USA TODAY 11:38 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
The Start menu in Windows 10.
(Photo: Microsoft)
10721 CONNECT 538 TWEET 166 LINKEDIN 108 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Microsoft on Tuesday lifted the veil on the next version of Windows: Windows 10.
At an event in San Francisco focused on corporate users, Microsoft previewed early elements of the next generation of its iconic computer operating system.
It represents the first step in a whole new generation of Windows, said Microsoft executive Terry Myerson.
The company said it will focus on one Windows product family across devices. Its corporate users will find Windows 10 "familiar, compatible and productive," Myerson said.
Microsoft's Joe Belfiore gave a demo, focused on the core experience in how the PC "is evolving."
There are live tiles, familiar to Windows 8 users, but also elements familiar to Windows 7 users, which is far more widely deployed. The Start menu and task bar are front and center.
Yes, the company is skipping the "Windows 9" moniker. Why skip 9?
"When you see the product in its fullness, I think you will agree with us that it is a more appropriate name," Myerson said.
Among other things, Belfiore said the company wants to focus on personalization, to make the Windows experience particular to individual users' tastes and preferences.
"We are trying to hit this balance in just the right way," Belfiore said.
Starting  Wednesday,  Microsoft is launching a Windows Insider program and will release a technical preview of Windows 10 for laptops and desktops, with other devices to follow.
Microsoft will start talking more about the consumer experience  at the company's developer conference in the spring, Myerson said. It expects to launch Windows 10 "later in 2015."
Myerson emphasized that the insider program is for people who are comfortable "running pre-release software that will be of variable quality."
"We want to set expectations right," he said. "We are planning to share more than we ever have before. ... Windows 10 will be our most collaborative, open OS project ever."
Windows 10 demo. pic.twitter.com/rVQdf5vRoq
— Nancy Blair (@NanSanFran) September 30, 2014
Microsoft has been talking broadly about its Windows strategy for months. At its developer conference in April, CEO Satya Nadella and other Microsoft executives outlined ways in which it would make it easier for software developers to create applications that will work across all Microsoft devices — PCs, phones and tablets.
Ahead of the event, researcher Forrester said the pressure is on for Microsoft to address the needs of its business customers given the sluggish adoption of Windows 8.
"Only about 1 in 5 organizations is offering Windows 8 PCs to employees right now," Forrester analyst David Johnson said in a note.
Microsoft's last big Windows overhaul — 2012's tablet and touch-friendly Windows 8 — was a dramatic departure from the familiar and well-received Windows 7, which preceded it. It left many consumers frustrated over the disappearance of the familiar Start button and desktop.
On Tuesday at an event in San Francisco, Microsoft unveiled a preview of Windows 10 - the next version of its operating system. Here,Microsoft exec Joe Belfiore shows the new Start menu. 
(Photo: Microsoft)
Microsoft's Terry Myerson talks about the Insider Program, a technical preview of Windows 10. 
(Photo: Microsoft)
Microsoft is taking a more unified approach with Windows 10. 
(Photo: Nancy Blair, USA TODAY)
You can pin apps, programs, and folders to the Start menu for fast access to the things you use the most. 
(Photo: Microsoft)
Windows 10 shown on a tablet. 
(Photo: Nancy Blair, USA TODAY)
You can open apps from the Windows Store in the same format your desktop programs do – in windows that you can resize and move around. 
(Photo: Microsoft)
A view of a demo of Windows 10 after the event in San Francisco. Yep, that's the geeky "command" prompt familiar to IT staffers everywhere. 
(Photo: Nancy Blair, USA TODAY)
Microsoft's Joe Belfiore shows an early version of "Continuum," a feature aimed at making it easy to switch back and forth between tablet mode and laptop mode on 2-in-1 machines. 
(Photo: Nancy Blair, USA TODAY)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

http://usat.ly/1rHAkHkEconomists expected an increase of 0.3% in spending for August.
Post to Facebook
Aug. construction spending weakens Economists expected an increase of 0.3% in spending for August. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vxjnk6
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Aug. construction spending weakens
AP 10:33 a.m. EDT October 1, 2014
Construction at a work site in Pittsburgh in September 2014.
(Photo: Keith Srakocic AP)
7 CONNECT 20 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. construction spending fell in August, the second decline in the past three months, with housing, non-residential and government projects all showing weakness.
The Commerce Department says construction spending dropped a seasonally adjusted 0.8 percent after a 1.2 percent increase in July. The July increase followed a 1.6 percent June decline.
The weakness was apparent in all sectors. Housing construction declined 0.1 percent, reflecting a big drop in spending on remodeling. Non-residential construction fell 1.4 percent while spending on government projects dropped 0.9 percent.
In addition to the August decline, the government revised lower its estimates for activity in the previous two months. This could call into question expectations that building activity will support economic growth in the second half of the year.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1vxjnk6
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/1thfpHMThis Ingenious Moped Cooler Puts Your Party on Wheels
Krewesing for a brewsing
Johnny Yu
October 01, 2014
If the Coolest Cooler and its mind-bogglingly successful Kickstarter campaign have taught us anything, it’s that people aren’t satisfied with carrying just their drinks around—they want to take the entire party with them.
The Kreweser boasts space for up to 96 cans. View Larger
The Kreweser seems like the next logical step. You’re probably thinking it just looks like a motorized tricycle with a cooler as a seat. Well, that’s basically what it is, and we fail to see how that’s a bad thing.
But while the Kreweser puts your party on wheels—especially if you grab the upgraded version with built-in Bluetooth speakers—it's more than just a motorized cooler. In fact, the 94-quart/96-can icebox is just the attention-grabber: The hub motor located in the trike's front wheel is where all the interesting tech is found.
According to Kreweser’s Kickestarter , that little motor can haul a 400-pound load and propel you at speeds of up to 18 mph. The cooler and the frame are completely separate components, and the frame can be handily folded up for easy transport.
Kreweser's designers have also suggested that custom modifications may be on the way in the future, which further cements the idea that the scooter frame is the real product and the cooler is just an accessory.
The scooter frame can be folded for easier transport. View Larger
But does this thing stand a chance of toppling the Coolest’s record-setting $13.2 million Kickstarter fund? Well, that will depend on how many people are willing to drop $649 on it.
That's a hefty asking price, but it could be worth it for people who want a mobile bikefull of beer at their next camping trip or tailgate party. (A higher-priced option includes a custom cooler wrap with the logo of your favorite sports team or any other design you choose.)
With about three weeks left to meet its funding goal, it won’t be long before we find out if the world is ready for the Kreweser.

How Sweet It Is: Pepsi Unveils Pepsi Truehow sweet it is: pepsi unveils pepsi true
Auto stocks drop after September sales dataWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

43yes  43charts that explain how the global economy plodded forward last monthGet every new post delivered to your Inbox.
Join 26,401 other followers
Build a website with WordPress.com
This website uses technologies not supported by this browser. For the best experience please upgrade your browser. Learn more »
We're currently experiencing technical problems and working with reduced functionality. We should be back in full shortly. Follow us on Twitter for further updates »

For a price  Manchester United is happy to fly out to play your kids soccer teamAll that money to play once a week.(Reuters/Andrew Yates)
SHARE
Kabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
October 1, 2014
Today, in European soccer’s elite Champion’s League competition, the current champions Real Madrid will be in action. So will Liverpool, which has won the European Cup five times. And Arsenal and Juventus and more. But among the boldfaced names, one is missing.
Manchester United failed to qualify for this year’s Champion’s League for the first time since 1990 because of a disastrous season last year. And because of a poor start to this one, the Reds generally have only one game a week for most of this season. So what to do? The team is considering playing exhibition games (otherwise known as ‘friendlies’) during the week. “That’s something we continue to look at, as always making sure that the preparations we do on the pitch come first,” Man United’s managing director Richard Arnold said .
That means, for the right price, you could one day see players like Angel di Maria and Radamel Falcao performing tricks at children’s birthday parties and dazzling the suits at corporate shindigs, much in the same way some of the world’s biggest rock bands  play private gigs  purely for the cash.
Or more likely, Arnold suggested, Man United will play friendlies in the Middle East and escape the English winter. The reasons for risking jetlag and injury to your squad are of course financial in nature; after reporting record revenues of £433 million ($702 million) for 2014, the club warned that the absence of European competition this year could cut revenue by around 10%. The 20-time English champions have a good track record of generating money overseas. They pulled in £8 million from four games during a pre-season US tour this summer in which 360,000 fans saw their matches.
So for the owners, playing a Qatari club in the middle of freezing February has a dual purpose. Not only do friendlies boost income, they keep players who are being paid enormous sums of money ( Falcao is reportedly on  $430,000 a week) occupied while their peers at Real Madrid and Liverpool chase glory.
Share this:

Manmohan came back from US with the nuclear deal  Modi yet to show results: Tharoor40
0
New Delhi: Analysing Prime Minister Narendra Modi's US visit with a critical eye, Congress leader Shashi Tharoor said that it is too early to term the visit as a success. He also said that while former PM Manmohan Singh's visit bagged the Indo-US nuclear deal in his trip, Modi is show his accomplishment.
"I would put Mr Modi's visit in two parts. The PR and the public image was great but no specific accomplishments so far. Manmohan Singh came back with Indo-US nuclear deal, but Modi is yet to show us and it's too early but he is yet to show us a concrete achievement that is worthy of considering him in the same breath.
He added that the PR stuff was brilliant but "neither the vision statement or the joint Op-ed had any substance to offer. The bottom line so far I won't say is zero but blank," he said.
#shashi tharoor #modi meets america #congress #manmohan singh
Tharoor said that during the visit, no decisions in defence, technology, co-operation and green technology have been seen. "He was rockstar in Madison Square but not in Washington," he said.
He claimed that it was only the Indian media which followed the visit closely and not the American media. "They gave little coverage and the coverage in some newspapers was more negative. Wall Street journal said that it was advised long on hype and short on substance," he claimed.

ActorVijay hits out at rumoursUpdated: September 19, 2014 15:12 IST
Actor Vijay hits out at rumours
cinema
Ilayathapathy Vijay surely knows how to silence his critics. For, in the midst of controversy surrounding his upcoming film Kaththi, he spoke his mind out at the audio launch of the film. “I’m also Tamilian and I’ve worked here only,” he said, “All of you know the kind of trouble we underwent while making the film. I don’t usually talk much. But I can say that while I may not be thyagi (martyr), I’m not a drohi (traitor).”
The audio launch was held amidst a lot of security concerns. There have been allegations that the production company had business links with the Sri Lankan President, something that the makers have vehemently denied.
Kaththi, which is slated to release this Deepavali, also stars Samantha and Neil Nitin Mukesh. It has been directed by A.R. Murugadoss of Ghajini fame.

Waste but not wastedIndia’s rapid urbanisation will lead to more and more city waste.
There is opportunity in the garbage dump
India’s solid waste heap is growing. It can contain anything from tonnes of broken concrete blocks from demolished structures to acres of used electronic parts. As old buildings and equipment give way to newer and shinier ones, what happens to everything we discard?
A look at various sectors shows that waste is not cheap. Discarding solid by-products or used material in the municipal waste system is not an option for many industries, healthcare being a prime example. You have to meet the norms laid down for handling and disposing waste by the pollution control boards. This ‘pay-as-you-throw’ system costs money, not just for corporate houses, but also for the municipalities.
The amount of waste generated per capita is low in India, compared to countries such as US and China. According to a 2012 report from the World Bank, waste generated each day in urban India is around 1.1 lakh tonnes, while the US and China – the world’s highest and second highest waste generators – throw away 6.2 and 5.2 lakh tonnes.
But India’s rapid urbanisation will lead to more and more city waste. Obviously, industry and start-ups aren’t ignoring this mountain of opportunity in waste management. Both are, sometimes independently and sometimes together, forging a chain that can turn an ageing product back into a resource.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related

Steel scrap is steel  after allSteel scrap is steel, after all
Maulik Tewari
Workers select steel scrap for recycling.
Completely recyclable, India imports the industry’s refuse
If there’s one waste the country wants more of, it is steel scrap. With domestically generated steel scrap falling short of what is required by steelmakers and the casting industry, India has been resorting to imports.
India imported five million tonnes (mt) of steel scrap in 2013-14, making it the world’s third largest importer of the metal, after Turkey and South Korea. While there is no official data on the amount of steel scrap being produced in the country, rough estimates put the figure at around 10 mt a year. With most of the business in scrap metal, including steel’s, being carried out by firms in the unorganised sector, where dealings are mostly in cash, keeping track of transactions is difficult, says Amar Singh, General Secretary, Metal Recycling Association of India.
The main sources of steel scrap are automobiles, construction and ship-breaking. While most scrap is usually melted and re-used, a large part of ship-breaking scrap is re-rolled by steel mills into bars and rods for use in the construction industry.
Useful ‘waste’
Steel scrap is unique in that it is 100 per cent recyclable – it can be melted and remade into new steel products. Given the high demand for steel scrap, largely from the domestic steel industry (the fourth largest in the world), scrap gets easily dealt with.
Steel is, in fact, the most recycled material in the world with scrap accounting for 40 per cent of the global steel production. Steel scrap serves as the primary input into steelmaking through the electric arc furnace and the induction furnace routes.
Close to 60 per cent of India’s crude steel production of 82 mt is produced this way. Steel from scrap requires 74 per cent less energy to produce than steel from iron ore and coal. In fact, every tonne of recycled steel saves 1.1 tonnes of iron ore and about half a tonne of coal. Recycled steel also helps reduce CO2 emissions by 58 per cent – as against the otherwise carbon-intensive steel manufacturing process. The only problem is that since the industry is labour-dependent and unorganised, safety norms are often ignored.
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Seeking the right medicineTweet
As hospitals turn to disposables, there’s little they can do with the growing waste piles
The usual mantra of waste management – reduce, reuse, recycle – is infeasible for hospitals. Both Government and private hospitals face a growing amount of specialised waste that they need to handle and dispose of securely.
Data from a recently published study of Lucknow hospitals shows that on average, about 1-5 kg of waste are generated per bed daily. Other studies show that the bulk of the waste is non-medical, while medical waste averages to only 0.5-2 kg per bed per day.
Disposal service
Medical waste is segregated into four categories, says H Yuvraj Gupta, Medical Administrator at Kauvery Hospital in Chennai. The infectious content (such as tissue and blood), plastic material (like gloves), sharps (needles, syringes) and radioactive content are separated into different containers. In the past, large hospitals used to handle their own waste, typically by incinerating. But now, hospitals and laboratories have to sign up with local agencies which collect and dispose of waste. Such an agreement is mandatory for hospitals or laboratories to be accredited by global healthcare organisations, says a city-based medical practitioner.
The waste is collected by service providers and transported to facilities approved by the State’s pollution control boards outside city limits. The providers’ fee depends on both bed number and weight, with a minimum assured payment guarantee.
Mercury waste, from thermometers and blood pressure meters, is handled separately. Gupta, a dentist, says use of mercury in healthcare for dental filling is reducing. Likewise, hospitals are also gradually switching to digital meters. States such as Tamil Nadu have schemes to exchange mercury-containing apparatus for non-mercury equivalents.
As laws become stringent, the pharmaceutical industry is finding that its waste disposal costs are increasing. Lupin, for instance, says operating costs have increased four-fold in treating wastewater due to its complete recycling. The company generates an average of 2.8 lakh litres of wastewater a day and 1,700 tonnes of hazardous waste each month, says Alok Ghosh, President – Technical Operations, Lupin.
However, unlike hospitals, the pharmaceutical industry has found ways to profitably recover useful products from the waste they generate. For instance, Lupin recovers calcium sulphate from waste streams and sells this to the cement industry as raw material. “Most of the solvents used in our API facilities are recovered and reused in the process,” Ghosh says.
(With inputs from V Nalinakanthi)
(This article was published on September 29, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

How much landfill area do we needWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

iPhone 6 cleared for sale in ChinaApple iPhone 6 finally cleared for launch in China
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 30, 2014: 2:56 AM ET
 
How much does your iPhone really cost?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Apple has finally been granted regulatory approval by the Chinese government to sell the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
The company received a key license after addressing various security risks concerning personal data that had been raised by Chinese state-owned media outlets, according to a government statement.
Apple said its new smartphones will go on sale Oct. 17, nearly a month after the devices first hit stores in select countries around the world. Pre-orders will begin Oct. 10.
The debut will mark the first time that all three of China's biggest state-run wireless carriers will be able to offer the new iPhone at launch. China Mobile, the largest, became the final major carrier to ink an iPhone agreement with Apple in December.
Related: Apple iPhone 6 goes on sale, and the lines are insane
Apple's coveted iPhones have typically gone on sale in China after they've been released for sale around the world, leaving black market smugglers to fill the gap with phones that are bought legitimately in stores as far away as New York.
In the days after the iPhone 6 launch, the phones were on sale outside Apple stores in Beijing for $1,000 over Hong Kong prices.
Apple competes against a slew of rivals in China, including Samsung and local smartphone maker Xiaomi . Samsung's latest offering, the Galaxy Note 4, went on sale Monday.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 2:56 AM ET
Most Popular

EU says Apple benefits from Irish state aidEU slams Apple's Irish tax deal
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff September 30, 2014: 8:56 AM ET
 
EU probes Ireland's tax deal with Apple
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Europe's top regulator has accused Ireland of striking a deal with Apple in 1991 that helped the tech giant to artificially lower its tax bill for more than 20 years.
The European Commission published details of its case Tuesday after announcing in June that it was probing tax arrangements between Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) and Ireland, and Starbucks ( SBUX ) and the Netherlands.
Apple has paid as little as 2% on profits attributed to its subsidiaries in Ireland , where the top rate of corporate tax is 12.5%.
The European Union's investigation continues, and Apple will have a chance to challenge the allegations. But if the EU concludes that the tax deal broke rules on state aid, Ireland will have to recover billions of dollars in tax owed by Apple.
The Irish government says it did not break the law on state aid and has addressed "misunderstandings" with the European Commission.
"Ireland welcomed that opportunity to clarify important issues about the applicable tax law in this case and to explain that the company concerned did not receive selective treatment and was taxed fully in accordance with the law," said the Irish finance department in a statement Monday.
Apple maintains that it pays its fair share of taxes and didn't get any preferential treatment.
"We're subject to the same tax laws as the countless other companies who do business in Ireland," Apple said in a statement.
Apple's Irish headquarters -- based in Cork -- employ 4,000 workers, making it the biggest employer in the city. It employs a further 12,000 people across the rest of Europe.
Related: How Apple scores its lower tax bill
Apple has been attacked for its various strategies to minimize its tax bill , including shifting costs and profits between different nations to take advantage of favorable tax rules.
In particular, experts say Apple transfers a large amount of its research and development costs from the U.S. to its Irish subsidiaries, allowing the Irish unit to profit from intellectual property.
A 2013 U.S. Senate report notes that "the company operates in numerous countries around the world, but it does not transfer intellectual property rights to each region or country where it conducts business. Instead, the transfer of economic rights is confined to Ireland alone, where the company enjoys an extremely low tax rate."
Related: EBay is spinning off PayPal
The European Commission will release details of its case against Starbucks soon.
It has also been pursuing a similar probe examining the taxation of a unit of the automaker Fiat ( FIATY ) in Luxembourg.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 7:14 AM ET
Most Popular

India s energy  optimism impresses Satya NadellaArpita Mukherjee      Follow @arpitamukherjee    Last Updated: October 1, 2014  | 20:34 IST
Microsoft Corp  CEO Satya Nadella.
When Shekhar Gupta, Editorial Advisor to the India Today Group, jokingly asked Satya Nadella why he allowed Kunal Bahl to leave Microsoft, Nadella response was tongue-in-cheek: "Let's say a more enlightened immigration policy would help."*
Nadella, Microsoft Corp's CEO, and Bahl, co-founder and CEO of Snapdeal.com, were at a panel discussion organised by India Today Group and Microsoft in Mumbai on Monday. The evening saw more than 150 CEOs from across industries gather at hotel Trident in Mumbai's Nariman Point. The occasion: The new CEO of Microsoft's first visit to India after he took the helm at the iconic software company in February.
Moderated by Gupta, the panel also featured Adi Godrej, Chairman of Godrej Group, Chanda Kochhar, MD and CEO of ICICI Bank, and Noshir Kaka, MD of McKinsey India. The distinguished group spent a fair amount of time discussing the topic: 'The Leadership Challenge: Innovating to Deliver on India's Promise'.
Nadella, gung-ho about the potential that India and Indian corporate organisations hold, says what strikes him most is the powerful optimism and the energy in the air, and finds it "most exciting".
"I'm increasingly seeing the ambition profile in India and the standards going up, and it is also great to see the diversity of industries and spheres that the entrepreneurial spirits are operating here," said Nadella.
For 47-year-old Nadella, who hails from Andhra Pradesh, Mumbai was his second pit stop on this visit after Hyderabad, after which he spends a day in New Delhi for a day before heading back to the United States.
Nadella is optimistic about the importance of technology in people's lives and is of the view that technology will ultimately be shaped by our needs as opposed to technology shaping us.
"It's putting people at the centre and then the applications and the data and the devices come together to give you a richer experience and this is perhaps the more important mobility trend versus being fixated on one device as the be all and end all," said Nadella.
Others on the panel agreed, with Adi Godrej pointing out that in a country with eight million retail outlets, technology has helped tremendously in reaching out to them.  He also added an example of household insecticides: "Science and technology has led to a lot of innovation that allows us to provide low-cost products."
Chanda Kochhar said India is a good ground for innovation as we have a customer base that is very receptive to technology. "You bring any technology to them and they absorb it faster than you thought and this gives you the ability to keep bringing in more and more solutions," said Kochhar.
On similar lines, Kunal Bahl of Snapdeal pointed out that there are several product companies that are coming to aid the growth of platforms such as theirs. However, what is needed is to make increased use of the online-offline parity that technology, in this case the internet, brings in. "We also have the responsibility to keep pushing the boundaries and breaking the ceiling over and over again on what is to be sold and bought online," he said.
Adding to this, Noshir Kaka said one aspect that technology really needs to look at is education and healthcare, which are extremely less penetrated. "You can look at that and say that's a huge problem, you could look at that and say what a wonderful opportunity for technology to do something that the physical India, if I could use those words, could never ever dream of," said Kaka, adding that India has an incredible opportunity going ahead.
Nadella agreed, saying the sectors that technology can disrupt will be manufacturing and health & pharma. "I won't call it disruption, but innovation," he said.
*The quote of Satya Nadella has been changed in the first para to reflect the correct version.

Merc launches GLA Class in IndiaNEW DELHI, September 30, 2014
Updated: September 30, 2014 20:02 IST
Merc launches GLA Class in India
Staff Reporter
The Hindu Managing Director and CEO, Mercedes-Benz India, Eberhard Kern, with the Mercedes GLA luxury SUV in New Delhi on Tuesday. Photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
The new GLA was launched in Europe in April this year. In India, Mercedes has received confirmed bookings of 600 units in 18 days before Tuesday’s launch.
Aiming to tap the fast growing SUV segment in India, German luxury car major Mercedes-Benz on Tuesday launched GLA Class model priced between Rs.32.75 lakh and Rs.36.9 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
“The GLS-Class is an important element of our product strategy globally as well as in India, and it will join our existing volume drivers. This is the eighth launch for this year in India and probably the most important one in terms of volumes as the SUV segment is fast growing in India,” Mercedes-Benz India Managing Director and CEO Eberhard Kern told reporters here.
The GLA Class is available in both petrol and diesel options. The petrol option has a 2-litre engine and is priced at Rs.36 lakh, while the diesel version has a 2.2 litre engine, priced at Rs.32.75 lakh and Rs.36.9 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi).
It will compete with the likes of BMW X1, Audi Q3, Land Rover Evoque and Volvo V40.
The new GLA was launched in Europe in April this year. In India, Mercedes has received confirmed bookings of 600 units in 18 days before today’s [Tuesday’s] launch.
“Witnessing the unprecedented response to the GLA-Class even before its India market debut, we are very confident that the SUV will redefine the segment and make an important contribution to the product offensive of Mercedes-Benz in India,” he added.

Home prices rise  but growth slowingHome price index shows slowing recovery
Chicago home prices up for fifth straight month
Home prices in the Chicago area posted their fifth consecutive month of improvement in July, but like the rest of the nation, the gains are slowing, according to the S&P/Case Shiller home price index released Tuesday.
Local home prices rose 0.6 percent in July, after a 1.5 percent increase in June. Prices are 4 percent higher than they were in July 2013, and on par with their pre-bubble level of May 2003.
Condo prices in the Chicago area were flat in July compared with June, but also up 4 percent from a year ago.

Labor Board Threatens an American Traditionreddit
By Bernie Marcus
Mr. Marcus is co-founder and former CEO of The Home Depot and founder of the Job Creators Network, a business advocacy organization.
Here's a quiz: Who owns the McDonald's where you stopped for your breakfast sandwich this morning?
The answer may surprise you. In all likelihood, it's not owned by the big corporate entity with its iconic golden arches. Rather, most McDonald's restaurants - along with other recognizable and well-respected brands like Dunkin' Donuts, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell, and Subway - are independently owned by local business people.
But now a federal regulatory body called the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) wants to transform franchising. That's terrible news for the country's small businesses.
For decades, major American companies and small business owners have enjoyed a mutually beneficial business relationship called franchising. Small business owners pay an initial franchise fee and ongoing royalties to a larger company for the legal rights to use the larger company's trademark and business model. These small business owners then have a generally free hand to run their operations themselves, as long as they adhere to the brand's operations standards that protect consumers and the brand's hard-earned equity.
It's a good deal for both parties. As a result, there are over 750,000 franchised businesses in America today that support 18 million jobs. But not everyone's happy: The franchise model frustrates labor unions, because it's historically been very difficult to organize a franchised industry that lacks a large corporate entity to picket and pressure.
But now that's all changed: The NLRB's general counsel and its ominous-sounding Division of Advice has defied both legal precedent and common sense with a ruling that big companies are so-called "joint employers" alongside the small businessmen and women who own franchised locations.
The decision, if upheld, is a bounty for organized labor in its effort to unionize the service industry. Small businesses aren't the only losers here: their employees have no say and may have their wages negotiated away for union payoffs. Big unions like the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) are known for cutting these deals.
Money will go missing from employees' paychecks, directed to a union they didn't vote for that does little or nothing to raise their wages. Franchise ownership, a path to the American dream for aspiring entrepreneurs for over 50 years, will be cut off. Young jobseekers without work experience will find fewer entry-level opportunities at their local restaurant.  In the end, only big unions benefit from this scheme.
It's a personal issue for me and millions of other Americans, for whom a restaurant job was the first rung on the career ladder. At the age of 15, all the way back when Harry Truman was president, I was bussing tables at Kutcher's Resort in the Catskill Mountains. The paychecks I earned put me through college. The important skills I learned - discipline, customer service, and teamwork - carried through to my career as co-founder, CEO and chairman of The Home Depot.
What the NLRB - stacked with pro-union appointees - is recommending will quickly eliminate these valuable first-rung jobs and America's young people will find it even harder to move out of their parents' basement. In fact, the ruling will fundamentally change this nation. Hundreds of thousands of contracts between companies are likely now meaningless. Millions of jobs are at risk; hundreds of thousands of small businesses could close.
That's why Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-TN) recently introduced The NLRB Reform Act. The bill would ensure the board is comprised of three Republicans and three Democrats to put an end to purely political decisions. And if the Republicans gain the Senate majority in November, GOP leader Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Kentucky) promised the bill will be a top priority.
Either in Congress or in the courts, the NLRB ruling won't survive. But this isn't the first major challenge small businesses have faced from labor unions and the federal agency they control, and it won't be the last. And that's all the more reason for America's small business leaders to strongly support efforts for reform.
Follow Job Creators Network on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JobCreatorsUSA
More:

Job Creators Network(19) Comments | Posted August  2, 2012 | 3:43 PM
By Ron Lazof
Once again political rhetoric has taken us to a place "no man has gone before." So let's start with a few inarguable basics:
We did not create ourselves -- for this we must thank God and our parents:
We did not educate ourselves -- in addition to our...
Small Business Optimism Falls: How We Can Turn It Around
(17) Comments | Posted July 11, 2012 | 5:17 PM
The National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) Index of Small Business Optimism fell three points to 91.4 in June, which was below the May level of 94.4 and the consensus expectation of 93.3. These declines were broad-based, as all but one of the components declined from their May...
David Park: Another Sluggish U.S. Employment Report
(1) Comments | Posted July  9, 2012 | 10:36 AM
Given the out-turn in construction payrolls, an unchanged participation rate, and the similarity between the three-month moving averages in the household and establishment numbers, I believe the June employment report is a clean reading of where labor market conditions stand at this point in the recovery. I continue...

The RBI stuck to the script  rightly soThe RBI stuck to the script, rightly so
A SESHAN
Inflation still bites The answer lies in farm breakthroughs
A standstill policy seemed inevitable. However, the acceptance of a ‘new normal’ for inflation is disturbing
The Reserve Bank of India has done well in not making any changes in its policy except for some minor tinkering. Whether on the domestic or the external side, the trends are satisfactory in relation to growth, inflation and balance of payments. A monetary policy report has been issued along with the policy statement that will require detailed analysis at a later point in time.
There are certain overtones in the policy statement that are partly encouraging and partly discouraging. In the first place, although the RBI and the Government have not formally disclosed their acceptance of the recommendations of the Urjit Patel Committee Report on monetary policy, it was evident on the last occasion that the consumer price index (CPI), and not wholesale price index (WPI), will form the reference for policymaking.
This is further reinforced by the near absence or downplaying of any reference to the WPI, either in the documents or in the conference with researchers and analysts that followed the Governor’s statement. This is encouraging.
But what is discouraging is the reference to the ‘medium-term objective’ of 6 per cent inflation (Para 9 in Governor’s statement). For a long time, it used to be 3 per cent while the short-term one was 5 per cent.
Basically inefficient
Does it mean that 6 per cent is the new normal for inflation, a fear expressed by me (“A new normal for inflation?”, August 5, 2014) after the last policy announcement in August 2014?
The RBI refers to the fact that the sustained nature of inflation is due to high food prices, particularly cereals. It is only a reflection on the quality of management of government since the warehouses of the Food Corporation of India and State governments are bulging with stocks of foodgrains with considerable wastage. What can monetary policy do to deal with such inefficiency?
Over the years, the RBI has accepted some of the recommendations made in this column.
Thus it stopped referring to busy and slack season policies after it was pointed out that the distinction no longer held good and the economy was busy throughout the year due to the following reasons: the decline of the agricultural sector in contributing to gross domestic product, the emergence of sectors such as petroleum that did not depend on agriculture for raw materials, the increasing importance of the rabi season vis-à-vis the kharif season even in agriculture with foodgrains produced in the former accounting for nearly a half of the total, unlike in the earlier periods when it was 25 per cent to 30 per cent, making seasons less marked in the sector, and the rising industrial and service sectors operating throughout the year.
Core inflation
The inappropriate use of ‘core inflation’ used in the West was given up after it was pointed out that the headline inflation in the CPI should be considered as the core of the problem facing the policy maker in India.
However, the RBI has continued with the ‘base effect’ as an explanation for inflation trends. Generally one does not find any reference to this in the policy statements of central banks of Western countries. The explanation still continues with RBI analysis but the Bank has taken note of the criticism to present a box item on the subject in the monetary policy report. There is a reference to a study in ECB Monthly Bulletin (January 2005) that needs to be looked into to understand the RBI’s view on the matter.
For the first time in the recent period, the Bank has come out with some discussion on liquidity and its drivers in response to a suggestion. It is heartening to note the good response of the RBI authorities to suggestions and criticisms, albeit with a lag due to institutional inertia.
Even as the Bank starts working on the next policy announcement due on December 2, it should do some fundamental work on the growth versus price stability dilemma. Growth is rightly conceived as a function of investment and hence the role of interest rates vis-à-vis the internal rates of return is well recognised. But it relates to capital equipment and projects and their enduring medium- or long-term effects on the economy. But there can be growth in the short term even without investment as, for example, in the case of agriculture if the rains are favourable.
Agriculture impetus
The Green Revolution, based on high-yielding varieties of crops that responded well to chemical fertilisers, was no doubt facilitated by the extensive investment in minor irrigation works like the installation of tube wells.
But there are still pockets in the economy that contribute significantly to agricultural production and are blessed with good rainfall generally. What we need is a second Green Revolution that will be successful on the basis of new high-yielding varieties for such crops as pulses, drought-resistant varieties, dry farming, etc. Our agricultural scientists are doing good work but unfortunately they get less recognition and appreciation than the rocket scientists.
What is more distressing is that there is no adequate extension work to carry the fruits of research to the farm. During my higher studies in agricultural economics. I personally saw the close coordination between researchers and farmers in the US, thanks to extension that contributed to farm surpluses.
To me, reaching the Mars is no doubt a great achievement but making the farmer succeed in raising his crop in a season of drought is more exciting and contributes to growth immeasurably.
(The author is a Mumbai-based economic consultant)
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Two industry indices that dont matchTwo industry indices that don’t match
C Rangarajan / EM Vibeesh
Tweet
Is the performance of core industries a good indicator of overall industrial production?
Every month, ahead of the release by Central Statistical Organisation (CSO) of the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) releases the data on eight core infrastructure industries comprising of coal, crude oil, natural gas, petroleum and refinery products, fertiliser, steel, cement and electricity.
These eight core industries have a combined weight of 37.9 per cent in the general IIP.
Very often the performance of core industries is viewed as a lead indicator of the direction and magnitude of the overall IIP. However, our analysis shows that there is in fact a poor correlation between the two indices not only in terms of magnitude but even in terms of direction.
Persistent divergence
There have been several months when the two indices have behaved differently. Between April 2011 and June 2014 there have been 13 months in which the core index had shown a year on year increase while the IIP general had shown a decline.
As per the use based classification, IIP consists of four major components. These are basic goods, capital goods, intermediate goods, and the consumer goods which constitute 45.7, 8.8, 15.7 and 29.8 per cent of the total weight of the IIP, respectively.
The eight core infrastructure industries, the combined weight of which is 38 per cent of the IIP general, is large enough to impact the overall IIP. However, the spread of these core infrastructure industries is such that they come mainly under the basic goods component.
Out of eight core infrastructure industries, only one industry i.e. natural gas, the weight of which is 1.7 per cent comes under the intermediate goods component.
The remaining seven core industries, the weight of which is 37 per cent in the total IIP constitute nearly 80 per cent of the basic goods component. As such, the core industry index predicts better the basic goods component of IIP than over all IIP.
Unreliable indicator
To test the closeness of the relationship between core industries and the overall IIP as well as its different components, a statistical analysis was done by regressing the logarithmic value of different use based indices of IIP on the logarithmic value of IIP core and estimating the R-square values of each regression. Out of the total variation in the overall IIP only 52 per cent is explained by IIP Core Index. However, 90 per cent of variation in IIP of basic goods is being explained by the core index.
The explanatory power of IIP core in the case of fluctuations in the production of capital goods and consumer durables is very weak, about only 0.1 per cent and 6 per cent respectively. Even if we look at the annual data, we find poor correlation between the two indices. For example, the annual growth rate of the eight core industries had declined from 8.4 per cent in 2006-07 to 5.2 per cent in 2007-08 but the growth rate of General index of industrial production increased from 12.9 per cent in 2006-07 to 15.5 per cent in 2007-08.
The opposite behaviour of the two series can be seen between 2009-10 and 2010-11. The divergence between the two series is striking in the three years beginning 2011-12. The core industry index showed a persistently higher rate than the overall IIP. In 2013-14, while core industry showed a positive growth, the overall IIP showed a decline. The broad conclusion that emerges is that despite having a weightage of 37 per cent in the overall IIP, core industry performance is a poor indicator of the behaviour of overall IIP.
Rangarajan is a former chairman of the Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister. Vibeesh is a senior research officer of the Council
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

China grants license for iPhone6  to be sold from Oct 17E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Airlines ordered to replace 1 300 Boeing cockpit displays over Wi-Fi interferenceRead the story
The FAA said the display units were susceptible to interference from Wi-Fi frequencies. Independent tests conducted by the agency and Boeing  showed blanking on the screens when Wi-Fi devices were used near them.
The displays also are susceptible to transmissions from mobile phones, weather radar and mobile satellite communications, the FAA said.
Honeywell spokesman Steve Brecken said no display units had blanked during flight because of Wi-Fi interference.
"The only known occurrence was during a developmental test conducted on the ground. We worked with Boeing and addressed any concerns in 2012 with new display hardware," he said.
How "near" is the Wi-Fi interferance to create this issue?
ch47fixer

Here are key takeaways from Modi s America visitOct 01, 2014, 11.34 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are key takeaways from Modi's America visit
PM Modi and Obama discussed defence ties, energy security and the WTO issue. The defence deal was renewed for 10 years and both leaders reiterated their commitment to civil nuclear cooperation.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are key takeaways from Modi's America visit
PM Modi and Obama discussed defence ties, energy security and the WTO issue. The defence deal was renewed for 10 years and both leaders reiterated their commitment to civil nuclear cooperation.
Post your opinion here
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States comes to an end after a productive meeting with US President Barrack Obama.
PM Modi and Obama discussed defence ties, energy security and the WTO issue. The defence deal was renewed for 10 years and both leaders reiterated their commitment to civil nuclear cooperation.
The White House played host to the meeting between PM Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama. According to experts this meeting was qualified as a success, primarily because it seems to have infused new energy and vigour into the relationship between India and the US, which had seen a fair degree of ups and downs.
With regards to key statements the big factor that one should consider is conceding of ground on both sides as far as the trade facilitation agreement (TFA) is concerned and on World Trade Organisation (WTO) related matters. Both sides now concede that they will need to take into consideration each others’ points of view as far as the controversial trade facilitation pact is concerned. However, that is differs from the comments made from the American side when Senator John Kerry was in India and what they had to say along with Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker and with minister of external affairs, Sushma Swaraj.
As far as the trade related issues are concerned, there areas of opportunity to do with smart cities, to do with infrastructure and the President has also said that corporate America as well as the American government would like to partner with India when it comes to the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, the cleanliness and sanitation programme that the Prime Minister has launched.
On defence, the PM has made a pitch inviting investments into the defence sector in India and of course President Barack Obama has also articulated this to be an area of opportunity.
On the civil nuclear agreement as well, perhaps for the first time in a very long time both sides acknowledging that yes, there are concerns and that they would like to move forward. Whether or not we see any changes as far as India’s position on the liability clause is concerned is a question mark but both sides for the first time in many years said that they understood the concerns as far as the civil nuclear deal is concerned.
To sum it up, there have been many firsts –a joint by-line PM Narendra Modi and President Barack Obama writing an op-ed for the Washington Post together.
As far as PM Modi is concerned, he has reinforced his image as a differentiated leader. He is a marketing guru, he has sold the story, and he has sold the story consistently across New York and Washington. Let us hope that he is able to attract investment into India.
So, by all accounts PM Modi’s visit has gone down as a successful one primarily on account of being able to infuse fresh energy into the relationship between India and the USA.
Watch the videos of Indo-US join statements
 

10 stks that can give up to 100% return in next 12 monthsYou are here: Home > Collections
Forget Sensex, top 10 stocks which can give up to 100% return in next 12 months
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 03.18PM IST
Tags:
advertising
(Even though short-term…)
NEW DELHI: After a smart rally seen so far in the year 2014 (up 25% YTD), the weakness in the benchmark index can be best described as consolidation. But analysts still want to remain cautious and are not ruling out a scenario in which the markets may see some more profit booking in the next couple of weeks.
The S&P BSE Sensex has plunged nearly 600 points, while the Nifty too faced some bit of selling pressure and plunged nearly 200 points in the past 6 trading sessions.
Even though the short-term trend remains bearish, analysts advise investors with a long-term view to accumulate quality stocks at lower levels as the markets still have more upside in the next couple of years.
"Clearly, we have been maintaining our cautious stance for some time now. The macro and micro conditions have not really changed as far as the Indian domestic scene is concerned. The result season will soon start," said Mayuresh Joshi, VP, Institution, Angel Broking.
The corporate earnings are expected to remain subdued, say analysts. The data as we have been seeing through the RBI policy notes indicates that inflation is going to be sticky. The GDP, IIP data is going to have a long and slow recovery process, they say.
"So, overall domestically at least there are very few triggers even in terms of reform processes except the oil and gas reforms. If they come through in the coming month, nothing really seems to be coming through at least over the next few months," added Joshi.
From valuation perspective also, we are trading close to long-term averages. The only respite for India probably is that from an FII perspective, most emerging markets are fairly valued - Indonesia, Thailand, and Malaysia except China, Brazil and Russia, which have their own sweet problems.
Right now, the market is trading at almost about 15-16 per cent premium to its long-term average multiple. And, if we compare it with the number last year - market was trading at a 12% or 13% discount to its long-term average.
Joshi is of the view that apart from geopolitical tensions, domestic factors back home would keep the markets more or less in a range, but in the absence of triggers, the markets will find it very difficult to cross the 8200-8250 mark on the higher side. Therefore, the specifics would be rather a stock-related approach rather than playing on the markets at least from a short to medium-term perspective.
Both the Sensex and the Nifty slipped below their crucial psychological support levels last week and are now trading in a narrow range for the past couple of days. Analysts see this move as more of a consolidation or profit booking after a sharp rally (over 25% YTD) seen so far in the year 2014.
Even though the economy has bottomed out, it will take some time for all engines to fire. Investors should now look at markets with an investment horizon of 3-5 years.
"Investors need to look at this market from a long-term perspective. Do not look at it from a short-term perspective and certainly, do not be guided by the returns of the last 12 months," said Vetri Subramaniam, Chief Investment Officer, Religare Invesco Mutual Fund .
"So, our only recommendation to investors at this time is that rather than getting trapped into this thing about where the correction will come, continue to invest in the market in small instalments using SIPs," he added.
We have collated a list of ten stocks which can deliver up to 100% return in the next 12 months:
Radico Khaitan: Target price set at Rs 165
IndiaNivest, which has a 'buy' rating on the stock, expects the stock to rally to Rs 165 in the next 12 months. Radico Khaitan's Q1 2014-15 net profit was down by 26% compared to the corresponding period of last year. However, the management's premiumisation drive is yielding results and its core brands, such as Magic Moments and Morpheus, are reaching new highs.
The recent fall in prices has also brought down its valuations to reasonable levels. Radico Khaitan has reportedly been in talks with global liquor majors to sell a small stake of its IMFL business and, any announcement on that front, can be a major trigger for the stock.
SKF India: Target price set at Rs 1324
ICICI Direct initiates a 'buy' recommendation on the stock with a target price of Rs 1324. A healthy balance sheet, robust cash flow, strong parentage and product profile, strong distribution network and the recovery in the end-user industry should benefit SKF India .
India Cements Ltd: Target price set at Rs 165
Nirmal Bang retains a 'buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 165. The company's plans to dissociate itself from Chennai Super Kings and turn it into a wholly-owned subsidiary in an attempt to monetise this asset to lower its debt burden bodes well.
Mangalam Cements Ltd: Target price set at Rs 337

Take your seat: This  anti-loneliness  chair can give a comforting hugThere are times in everyone's life when only a hug will do. Now one Japanese company has come up with a chair that's always ready to give a comforting cuddle.
   
The "tranquility chair" is built in the shape of a larger-than-life fabric doll with a friendly face and a fetching hat, but more importantly, it has long arms that wrap around the user in an affectionate embrace.
   
"It makes you feel safe. Anyone can use it, but it is designed for older people," said a spokesman for UniCare, which is selling the chair, at the International Home Care and Rehabilitation Exhibition in Tokyo.
   
Around a quarter of Japan's population is currently over the age of 65, a figure expected to rise to 40 percent in the coming decades.
   
The chair is priced at 46,000 yen (419 dollars) and there is also a version adapted for wheelchair users.
An employee of Japan's nursing care goods maker Unicare demonstrates an easy chair for congnitively empaired persons at the annual International Home care and Rehabilitation exhibition in Tokyo. (AFP)
Also read: Hugging can lower your BP, boost memory
   
Alongside specialist vehicles, beds and toilets on display at the three-day show were a variety of unusual products designed to lift the spirits of older people, who increasingly live on their own.
   
UniCare's "Life Rhythm Dolls" are programmed to remind their owners to take their medicine or go to the toilet at certain times of day.
   
"They are comforting for people who live alone -- they can talk to them and hug them. They also play old Japanese music, which is nostalgic for older people" said the company spokesman.
   
Also on display were baby seal robots known as "Paro" that have been making a splash in therapeutic treatment since 2004.
   
The cute animatronic devices, developed by Japanese automation pioneer AIST, allow people who are not allowed live pets because of apartment rules to enjoy the soothing company of a robotic creature.
   
"Real animals can scratch and poo, but this one won't," said a demonstrator at the Paro stand.
   
The lifelike seal cubs move, squeak and open and close their eyes in response to their surroundings -- and they even get angry if you poke them.
   

Queen s sticky problem: Palace seeks chewing gum removerprint
Buckingham Palace has revealed a sticky reality -- Queen Elizabeth II is looking for a cleaner who can oversee the removal of chewing gum left by visitors to a royal residence.
Among the duties for the job at Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh is: "To arrange for the removal of chewing gum from the Historic and State Apartments by the porters", the palace said on its website.
The part-time position, which is paid 15,912 pounds (20,428 euros, $25,763) a year, would also involve cleaning the palace toilets and "washing of all crockery required for visits to the palace".
The cleaner would also "report to the Housekeeper any defects in furniture and fittings", "clean all brass to the standards required by the Housekeeper" and "cover all furniture in dust sheets" when no royals are staying in the residence.
The many duties mean candidates must be "physically fit and meticulous" and the post holder "will need to have a flexible approach to working hours when The Queen, members of the Royal Family and the High Commissioner are in residence".
Holyroodhouse dates back to the 16th century and is the Queen's official residence in Scotland. Parts of it are open to the public -- a fact the royals may be regretting.
A royal source quoted by The Sun newspaper said: "You wouldn't expect people to be chewing gum when they visit, let alone stick it on the priceless antiques or the parquet floor."

Honeywell Aerospace Joins Hands With Tata PowerYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Honeywell Aerospace Joins Hands With Tata Power
Published On:                  October  1, 2014                 | Duration: 4 min, 00 sec

Health Canada issues import ban on Apotex India  IPCAOct 01, 2014, 04.56 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Health Canada issues import ban on Apotex India, IPCA
The Canadian regulator said IPCA has not disputed the FDA findings with Health Canada even as the FDA has not issued a recall of any of the affected products.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Health Canada issues import ban on Apotex India, IPCA
The Canadian regulator said IPCA has not disputed the FDA findings with Health Canada even as the FDA has not issued a recall of any of the affected products.
Post your opinion here
 
Health Canada has imposed an import ban on the products manufactured by Apotex Pharmachem India Pvt Ltd (APIPL), Apotex Research Pvt Ltd (ARPL) and  IPCA Laboratories in India raising concerns over reliability of data on "safety and quality" issues. According to a statement issued by the Canadian health regulator yesterday, the action applies to finished products from ARPL, as well as active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and products made with APIs from APIPL and IPCA.
Also Read: IPR issue vital for India, US & pharma space, says Sanjay Puri
"The department has ordered an import ban after it received new information yesterday from the United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA). This latest information puts into question Health Canada's trust in the reliability of data that all three plants are required by law to provide to demonstrate safety and quality of their products," Canadian Health Minister Rona Ambrose said in a separate statement. She said however that the ban is a precautionary step and Health Canada has received no evidence that the products pose an immediate risk. Like the FDA, Health Canada does not feel that a recall of any products made at these plants is required at this time.
Last Month, Health Canada asked IPCA Laboratories to voluntarily stop shipment of products to Canada based on a review of a recent good manufacturing practices (GMP inspection report by the FDA. The US regulator identified 'falsification and manipulation' of data issues at the company's facility in Madhya Pradesh. The Canadian regulator said IPCA has not disputed the FDA findings with Health Canada even as the FDA has not issued a recall of any of the affected products.
"Till such time this issue is resolved to the satisfaction of the USFDA, no dosage formulations manufactured at this manufacturing unit will be commercialised for the US market," IPCA had earlier said. Health Canada further said it continues to gather information about the situation at these three sites from trusted regulatory partners, including the FDA. Until Health Canada can be satisfied that the production processes used at these three sites meet internationally recognised GMP, it is taking this additional precautionary step to keep these products off the Canadian market, it said.
The US health regulator had in June issued a warning letter to Canada headquartered Apotex Pharmachem over violations of manufacturing norms at its Bangalore plant.
Ipca Labs stock price
On November 24, 2014, at  11:19 hrs Ipca Laboratories was quoting at Rs 666.50, down Rs 0.85, or 0.13 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 906.90 and the 52-week low was Rs 630.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 38.27 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 17.42. The latest book value of the company is Rs 157.02 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.24.
RELATED NEWS

Hidden agenda  behind NCP snaping ties: Congress2
0
New Delhi: Congress on Wednesday suspected a "hidden agenda" behind NCP parting ways with it in Maharashtra, a day after Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan accused his former alliance partner of having a pre-meditated plan to topple the state government.
At the same time, party spokesperson Anand Sharma steered clear of questions about the possibility of any post-poll tie-up with NCP, its 15-year-old ally which walked out of UPA a few days back ahead of Assembly elections in the state.
"Right now Congress is contesting elections on its own. We are hoping that in the elections, the arrogance of BJP and its leaders is brought down a few notches and their arrogance is punctured," he said.
"We are hoping that in the elections, the arrogance of BJP and its leaders is brought down a few notches and their arrogance is punctured," Anand Sharma said.
#congress #ncp #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra
Pressed further on the possibility of future tie-up between the two parties, he said, "Today we cannot comment on the possibilities as we are in the midst of an election. Nothing can be discounted."
But, he said that "NCP has let us down" and suggested a "hidden agenda" behind the walk out by Sharad Pawar's party.
"We do not know what is the hidden agenda," he said, questioning "whether candidates have not been put up in some places against some non-secular leaders".
Chavan had on Wednesday claimed that the Centre imposed President's rule in the state even after the Governor had asked him to continue as the caretaker Chief Minister. Party President Sonia Gandhi had also said in Jammu that the reason for it (severing of ties) "was not us, not me, not Rahul (Gandhi), not Congress" when asked about Pawar's reported remarks that Congress was responsible for the alliance break up.
0

Teachers  recruitment scam: Delhi HC notice to OP Chautala  CBImore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

President urges citizens to make cleanliness  national passionOct 01, 2014 at 04:38pm IST
President urges citizens to make cleanliness 'national passion'
18
0
New Delhi: President Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday urged countrymen to turn cleanliness into a national passion and ensure that every nook and cranny of the country is kept clean.
In his message, the President said, "The birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, the Father of our Nation, is an occasion for all of us to rededicate ourselves to Bapuji's ideals of truth, non-violence and all-round development."
Gandhi's leadership inspired millions to unite for the cause of freedom and independence and also taught us to stand resolutely against fear, to understand the importance of truth and to work for the betterment of the motherland, the President said.
President Pranab Mukherjee
#president #pranab mukherjee #india #gandhi jayanti
"Gandhiji believed that cleanliness is next only to Godliness. Let us pledge this day to convert cleanliness into a national passion.  Every road, every path, every office, every home, every hut, every stream and every particle in the air around us can and must be kept clean," he said.
He called upon citizens to their utmost to make the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan a success as the government launches the campaign on Thursday on Gandhiji's birthday for better hygiene, waste management and sanitation across the country.
"I also call upon everyone to work hard to achieve the goal of toilets in every home by 2019 -- the 150th anniversary of Mahatma Gandhiji's birth," he said.
4

Narendra Modi s US visit: Was it mission accomplished‘Thank you, America’, PM Modi tells new converts
Yashwant Raj , Hindustan Times  Washington, October 01, 2014
First Published: 18:25 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:49 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
Vivek Wadhwa, a Silicon Valley tech-thinker, came to DC somewhat leery of the hype around Prime Minister Narendra Modi. He left Tuesday evening a complete convert.
“I was… blown away with Modi’s humour and confidence,” Wadhwa said after the state department luncheon by Joe Biden and John Kerry for the Prime Minister.
US President Barack Obama welcomes Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the dinner hosted in his honour at the White House in Washington. (PTI Photo)
“I talked to Modi only very briefly, though. But he won me over... I was on the fence until today.”
Modi left for home after a four-and-a-half day US tour a very satisfied man, pleased with what he is taking home, and the impact he has had on Americans.
Pete Sessions, chairman of the House ethics committee, was absolutely charmed. He said Modi reminded him of President Ronald Reagan, the nearest thing to God to Republicans.
“I had a very successful tour,” Modi told an audience at his last stop, an event hosted by the USIBC, from where he was to head straight to the airport for his flight home.
“Thank you, America,” he said, waving to the audience.
But were there milestone achievements or major announcements? There were no investment packages of the kind Modi brought from Japan or the one Xi Jinping brought.
“No,” said Michael Kugleman of Wilson Center, “But we shouldn’t have expected any. For Obama and Modi, the visit was all about the basics: getting to know each other, committing to get the relationship back on track, and promising to push toward even greater cooperation.”
One think-tanker differed: “In terms of optics it was a huge success, but are we to overlook the absence of deliverables — packages.” He said he would hold his verdict for now.
Here is a quick re-cap of Modi’s visit:
Day 1, September 26: A quiet evening at the hotel.
Day 2, September 27: After his maiden speech at UNGA, diplomats, UN staffers and three Prime Ministers queue up to greet him backstage. X-Men star Hugh Jackman introduces him at the Global Citizens festival. The prime minister speaks in English, connects with a largely American audience, all young.
Day 3, September 28: He gets a rockstar reception from the Indian American community at Madison Square Garden, with over 30 US lawmakers present.
Day 4, September 29: Seventeen of the world’s most powerful business leaders meet him in his suite — including Lloyd Blankfein, Jeff Imelt, Henry Kravis, Indra Nooyi.
He ends the day in DC, with a quiet dinner with President Barack Obama, and aides. They connect. Modi said later “we have similar interests” and “our wavelengths matched”.
Day 5, September 30: India-US formal bilateral meeting goes on for two hours, after which Obama accompanies Modi to the memorial of Martin Luther King.
That was noted. Experts found a renewed commitment by the two countries to the relationship. For Teresita Schaffer, the timing itself was a significant achievement.
She said the US normally never agrees to bilateral summits in DC during the UNGA. “If they agree to one there will be requests for more,” she said, “which they cannot turn down.”
Read: Modi returns home after hectic US visit
Obama took that chance, she added, and that points to something that had been missing earlier. Modi, too, took a chance, said Kugleman. He could have declined the invitation.
“Instead, he accepted it and took full advantage of his time in Washington. This is a strong signal of his intention to move beyond the past and to get this relationship back on track.”
And that looks like Mission Accomplished.
 

Mafia don-turned-politician DP Yadav shares stage with Amit Shah in Haryana  Congress cries foul28
1
New Delhi: Congress on Wednesday targeted BJP chief Amit Shah over his sharing of the dais with mafia don-turned- politician DP Yadav during an election rally, saying birds of a feather flock together. DP Yadav is the father of Vikas Yadav who was convicted in the Nitish Katara and Jessica Lal murder cases.
The party also expressed displeasure over the "mujrewala" remark which was reportedly made by Shah against Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda during campaigning for the upcoming Assembly polls in the state.
"We cannot advise the president of BJP as to what company he should keep (But) there is an old saying, birds of a feather flock together," party spokesperson Anand Sharma told reporters here in reaction to the matter of Yadav joining Shah during campaigning in Haryana.
Almost a decade after he was thrown out by BJP over his controversial background, Yadav was seen sharing the dais with Shah on Monday.
#dp yadav #amit shah #congress #bjp
Almost a decade after he was thrown out by BJP over his controversial background, Yadav was seen sharing the dais with Shah on Monday.
Yadav had accompanied Shah to three places in Haryana to canvass for votes for BJP candidates ahead of the October 15 Assembly elections.
On the issue of Shah's remarks directed at the Haryana Chief Minister, Sharma reacted sharply, saying, "I cannot respond to Shah by descending to his level and language. It is not possible for me to communicate in his language."
Shah's 'mujrewala' barb reportedly came at a rally in Hisar where he said that the Haryana chief minister has been dancing to the tune of the Congress high command in Delhi in order to save his chair.
224

Amazon may set up data centre in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > India
After Microsoft, Amazon may now set up data centre in India
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 07.25PM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Amazon, which offers cloud…)
NEW DELHI: World's largest e-tailer Amazon is evaluating setting up a data centre in India to tap into the multi-billion cloud opportunity in India.
Amazon, which offers cloud services under Amazon Web Services (AWS), is looking to aggressively expand its foothold in the Indian market, which has players like Google and IBM also offering similar services.
Speaking at a FICCI event, Amazon founder and chief Jeff Bezos said the AWS business has grown incredibly fast.
"We are always evaluating new locations. We have AWS. We started it long time ago and it has grown into a very large business, separate from our consumer business... we are building new data centres and are looking where we should put them and evaluating these in India as well," Bezos said.
Yesterday, software giant Microsoft had said it will set up three data centres in India, offering commercial cloud services, to tap what it estimates is a $2-trillion opportunity. These data centres are expected to be set up by the end of 2015.
Bezos said the pace at which Internet penetration is increasing in India is stunning and that is one of the tailwinds for the growth of e-commerce.
"India is unbelievably energising; the people are focused on learning and extremely inventive," he added.
For Amazon, which launched its marketplace in India last year, India is one of its fastest growing markets and is on track to touch $1 billion in gross sales.
On small and medium businesses (SMBs), Bezos said Amazon is working extensively with the Indian players, promoting several indigenous e-tailing initiatives.
He added an outreach programme is currently being run in India to train SMEs on how to use tools, techniques and processes that are available through Internet for promoting and expanding their businesses.
"Indian SMEs can reach out to the global audience and consumers across the globe with the application of right technology and right logistics planning," he said.
He added that the company will upgrade logistics services and develop mobile platform and new tools and techniques to help small and medium businesses grow further.
In July this year, Amazon had announced an additional investment of $2 billion into its Indian operations to beef up its operations in India, where eCommerce is still in nascent stages.
While the market currently is pegged at about $2.3 billion, a report by consulting firm Technopak expects the figure to touch $32 billion by 2020.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/YTAvUkNew York Times to cut about 100 newsroom jobs
New York Times plans to eliminate 100 jobs through buyouts, and perhaps layoffs, in a cost-cutting move.
Post to Facebook
New York Times to cut about 100 newsroom jobs New York Times plans to eliminate 100 jobs through buyouts, and perhaps layoffs, in a cost-cutting move. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YTAvUk
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
New York Times to cut about 100 newsroom jobs
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 11:41 a.m. EDT October 1, 2014
New York Times Publisher Arthur Sulzberger  attends the New York Times Cities for Tomorrow Conference on April 22, 2014.
(Photo: Neilson Barnard, Getty Images for the New York Times)
212 CONNECT 287 TWEET 14 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The New York Times Co. said Wednesday it plans to cut about 100 newsroom jobs through buyouts, and perhaps layoffs, to cut costs and shift more resources to digital news products.
The company, whose advertising revenue fell 4% year-over-year in the most recent quarter, will offer buyouts to employees at its editorial and business operations. If not enough employees take the offer, it will resort to layoffs. The number of jobs affected in the business operations will be smaller, the company said.
The number of editorial jobs cut represents about 7.5% of the newsroom staff, according to The New York Times .
"The job losses are necessary to control our costs and to allow us to continue to invest in the digital future of The New York Times, but we know that they will be painful both for the individuals affected and for their colleagues," said newspaper publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr. and company CEO Mark Thompson in a note to the staff.
They also announced that the company will shut down NYT Opinion, a recently launched mobile app for opinion content, because it wasn't getting enough subscribers.
Sulzberger and Thompson said cost savings are needed "to safeguard the long-term profitability of The Times, not because of any short-term business difficulties."
Unlike many large newspaper publishers, the Times' circulation revenues ticked up in the second quarter. But with print advertising sinking ceaselessly and digital revenues' gain not offsetting the losses sufficiently, its other financial performance indicators fell.
Its total revenue inched down 0.6% to $389 million. Operating profit fell 64% to $16.5 million.
While the newspaper has a popular website and breaking stories are published online real-time, it is seeking to broaden its digital offerings to spur more ad sales and other revenue opportunities, including "native ads" that are paid by advertisers. While its digital subscriber base is still growing, the rate of growth remains volatile.
In the first quarter, it added 39,000 paid digital-only subscribers. In the second quarter, it added 32,000 despite introducing several new digital editorial products, including NYT Now, NYT Opinion and Times Premier.
In their note, Sulzberger and Thompson said they estimate digital advertising grew 16% in the quarter that ended on Sept. 30 as advertisers bought more "Paid Posts," its native ad offering that places paid-for content along with other news items in its NYT Now news app.  Ad sales in smartphone and video also contributed to the growth, they said. But with expenses continuing to rise, the company's profitability for the third quarter and the year as a whole is estimated to be lower than last year, they said.
Digital subscription during the quarter grew by more than 40,000, after accounting for those who canceled their subscription, they said. The company will show a "modest growth" in its circulation revenue, they said.
But print advertising continues to be "volatile" even though a September rally helped offset declines in July and August, they said. As a result, total company-wide advertising revenue growth will be "roughly flat" in the quarter vs. the "mid-single digit decline" they predicted earlier, they said.
Still, its operating costs will rise in the third quarter by "low- to mid-single digit percentage," not including severance costs, they said.
It's "a reminder that the combination of the continuing secular pressure on our high margin print advertising revenue and the need for investment in the future is impacting our profitability and for this reason, we are now focused on cutting our costs," they said.
212 CONNECT 287 TWEET 14 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YTAvUk
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

DaanUtsav: Ratan Tata Trust trains Adivasis to be nurses06:00 pm
Every year October 2-8 marks the Daan Utsav or the Joy of Giving week – a weeklong celebration of giving (philanthropy) in India. While over a thousand corporates, several thousand schools and colleges, hundreds of NGOs like Goonj, GiveIndia, United Way and others participate in this revolution, the numbers are still abysmally low.
Nandkumar Menon, Founder, Ashwini along with Aneka Paul, Sr Development Officer – Health, Sir Ratan Tata Trust discusses stories of great causes and collaborative philanthropy with CNBC-TV18.
Ashwini provides comprehensive health care for one of the most neglected sections of our society - the Adivasis of the Nilgiri Mountains. The foundation is run by a doctor couple who returned from the US to give something back to society. They trained the local Adivasi girls as nurses. Training had to start from elementary Maths and English. The idea has always been to empower the community and today these Adivasi nurses have come a long way. They have become experts in conducting deliveries, in assisting the doctors in surgeries, in the general administration of the hospital, ordering and managing the drug stocks, designing systems to monitor the performance of the hospital.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Aneka Paul and Nandkumar Menon’s interview:
Q: Tell me about the NGO; tell me about Ashwini, the scope, the reach and the kind of activities that you have been undertaking over the last couple of years?
Menon: Ashwini was started in 1990 and our basic focus has been on helping the tribal stand on their own feet and using the tribals themselves as they deliver healthcare. So, from the start we have been focusing on training tribals as healthcare deliverers. So, we started off with village health workers and then when the hospital came up they were trained as nurses.
So, we take care of about 20,000-25,000 tribals in that area. Their situation was quite desperate in the 90s with the population actually decreasing in number. So, we setup a training program for the nurses and the tribals themselves are delivering the healthcare. We now have progressed on from those days when we started in a small rented building to a good sized 60 bed hospital thanks to Tata Trust. We have most of the infrastructure necessary now.
So, we have base hospital with 60 beds providing secondary level care and we have eight area centres because our tribals are distributed in a huge area, we have more than 300 hamlets that we are covering. Basically, we provide both primary as well as secondary care. For the cases that we can’t handle we refer them to the nearest medical college.
Q: You have been working with Dr. Menon since 2002, you have invested them in four tranches. So far, how much investment has gone in or how much donation has gone in and tell us why did you pick Ashwini?
Paul: Trust has been increasingly investing in Ashwini since 2002 like you mentioned over four projects. The quantum of funds has increased from what was Rs 2.5 million to about Rs 7.2 million in the recent most grant. It has been basically because Ashwini and its associate organisations in the region are working on issues that are very close to the trusts own mandate of working with the underprivileged and supporting persons in rural and tribal context.
To participate, visit www.giveindia.org

Ford s US Sales Down 3 Percent in SeptemberAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

GM s US Sales up 19 Percent in SeptemberAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

No relief for Jayalalithaa  hearing adjourned till Oct 7No relief for Jayalalithaa  hearing adjourned till Oct 7
Steel makers reduce prices by Rs 500-750/tonneHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Steel makers reduce prices by Rs 500-750/tonne
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 1:  
Stagnant demand amidst higher supplies forced almost all domestic steel producers to prune prices for the first time in the current fiscal ranging from Rs 500-750 a tonne providing some relief to end-use sectors.
“We have lowered the price by Rs 500-750 a tonne for the current month. Following this, the price of the cost of Hot Rolled Coil cost around Rs 36,000 per tonne,” an official of a private steel maker said.
Hot Rolled Coil (HRC) is regarded as the benchmark steel product. As on September-end last year, the price of HRC was around Rs 38,000 per tonne.
The primary factors which acted as catalysts for pruning price are stagnant demand, higher domestic production as well as imports and drop in exports, the official said.
Continuing with subdued consumption trend for the last couple of years, India’s steel consumption grew by just 0.3 per cent to 31.17 million tonnes during the April-August period of 2014-15.
Imports have also gone up significantly in recent times for both flat and long products mainly from Japan, Korea and China. Construction sector accounts for around 60 per cent of the country’s total steel consumption while automobile sector consumes 15 per cent.
While, imports of flat products, used in automotive and consumer durables sectors, from Japan and Korea were on the rise for quite some time now; an unprecedented rise in imports of long products, used in construction sector, have also been noticed in some time now.
“Because of higher imports at lower prices from China, we are facing a lot of problem on the price front. This is one of the factors forcing us to reduce prices. We never faced such kind of situation earlier,” a senior official of a state-run firm said.
The official with the private sector steel maker added: “Exports are also falling. The primary reason here is the cost of raw material. While globally iron ore price have come down to its five-year low, it is yet to be reflected in India.”
During the April-August period of the current fiscal, imports have gone up by a whopping 20.7 per cent to a little over 3 million tonnes, while exports have come down by 8.8 per cent to 2.3 million tonnes.
On top of all these, domestic producers are now producing at near capacity hoping a demand revival with the government’s infrastructure initiative.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

GIFT City signs pact with World Trade Centre  GCCIGIFT City signs pact with World Trade Centre, GCCI
Our Bureau
Tweet
Gandhinagar, Oct 1:  
Gujarat International Finance Tec-City Company Ltd (GIFT City) on Wednesday announced signing a co-operation agreement with Gujarat Chamber of Commerce & Industry (GCCI) and World Trade Centre India Services Council (WTCS) to promote trade and commerce for the members of these two institutions.
The agreement will facilitate setting up of operations by GCCI members in Gujarat’s first World Trade Centre at GIFT City. Under this pact, WTCS will focus on Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) and large enterprises and promote trade in the form of arranging events and delegations from within and outside Gujarat, holding various events, provide incubation facilities and opportunities for global connect.
Being a member of WTC Association, the WTCS has access to a large database of buyers and sellers, products and markets and would help in promoting trade and commerce for its members, Ramakant Jha, Managing Director and Group CEO, GIFTCL, said.
The agreement will enable exchange of information on various products, markets, buyers and sellers for the benefit of members of GCCI and WTCS, which will facilitate exporters setting up their operations at WTC-GIFT City, by providing various services, information, certifications and data for smooth operations. It will work out modalities for Skill Development & Training Centre for the benefits of members of GCCI.
He said GIFT City would facilitate in developing the synergies between GCCI and WTCS stakeholders. “Our aim is to attract SME entrepreneurs to set up their services related operations at WTCS by providing a world-class working environment, high quality manpower and world class services.”
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Profit on diesel swells to Rs 1.90 a litreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Interim Financial Controller£700 per day
Further information
Our client seeks a talented Interim FC to join their dynamic Finance team. You will have strong experience of operating within online retail environments.
You will be a fully qualified CIMA or ACCA and have significant PQE experience, incorporating analysis and problem solving principles within a medium to larger organisation with a high volume of transactions
Web-based Retail experience is a must. Knowledge of transportation/distribution and warehousing is a distinct advantage.
Experience of working within a high growth and a high volume business is necessary
Critical to the position is strong interpersonal skills, and effective communication both verbal and written. The ability to lead a small team (of approx. 8) to achieve department and business finance demands is fundamental together with maintaining a high degree of sensitivity and confidentiality.
Exposure to systems development and improvement is essential.
The ability to plan and prioritise workloads in order to meet deadlines is fundamental, so too is effective time management of work flow in order to meet accounting deadlines.
The ability to work without Management direction, use initiative and possess a positive attitude towards teamwork is critical
It would be an advantage if you have previous experience working in a VC or private equity environment.
Computer literacy is essential with particular reference to Microsoft Office and Advanced Excel.
Previous experience of using Microsoft Navision would be an advantage
Experience of outsourcing and running outsourced teams
Preparation of statutory accounts and full audit responsibility
Stock management and reconciliation experience is essential as well as the ability to run and organise physical inventory counts
Management of a work based pension scheme
Data room preparation and due diligence experience is an advantage
Management of EMI scheme
Rigorous treasury and cash management skills
Experience of negotiating and arranging Insurance policies
Supplier terms negotiation and relationship management
Experience of preparation and application of R&D claims
Apply now for an immediate conversation.
Harrison James Executive

Microsoft launches 3 new Lumia handsetsMicrosoft launches 3 new Lumia handsets
3 Oct, 2014, 12.32PM IST
0
Share More
There's a 20 MP rear snapper with Carl Zeiss optics and a 1.2 MP front camera. Offering 4G/3G/2G options, you’ll find a 2420 mAh battery on the phone.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
So long Nokia. It's just Lumia now. Microsoft Devices has announced its Lumia 730 dual-SIM and Lumia 830 smartphone for the people in India priced at Rs15,299 and Rs28,799 respectively. And there's a flagship Lumia 930 part of the line up too, for Rs 38, 649.
First up, Lumia 930 is the flagship device for the brand, taking over the reins from Lumia 925, the first metalfinished device. It's got everything that one expects from a high-end device these days. Full-HD display, faster hardware, bigger storage, impressive cameras and big size battery. It sports a 5 inch full-HD AMOLED display, packing quad-core Snapdragon 800 chipset with 2 GB RAM and offering 32 GB non-expandable memory.
There's a 20 MP rear snapper with Carl Zeiss optics and a 1.2 MP front camera. Offering 4G/3G/2G options, you'll find a 2420 mAh battery on the phone.
Lumia 830 continues Microsoft's tryst with sleek design form enameled with metallic finishing much like the Lumia 930. Lining up in the mid-range segment, Lumia 830 sports a 5 inch HD display and comes packing with a quad-core Snapdragon 400 CPU with 1 GB RAM in tow. From storage point of view you get 16 GB, expandable up to 128 GB. On the imaging front, Lumia 830 comes fitted with a 10 MP rear camera with Carl Zeiss lens, popular for its high detailed imaging capability and a HD front shooter. The display gets added protection in the form of Corning Glass 3 and with dimensions of 8.5 mm thickness and 150 grams.
Finally Lumia devices are becoming lighter in comparison with its predecessors. It is loaded with a 2200 mAh battery. Lumia 730 is the upgraded Lumia 720 which was the most affordable Lumia product to carry the Carl Zeiss optics.
Lumia 730 is a dual-SIM smartphone, with 4.7 inch HD display, quad-core Snapdragon 400 chipset, 1 GB RAM and running on Windows Phone 8.1 platform. It's got a 6.7 MP rear camera and a 5 MP front camera. Lumia 730 is recognised as a selfie smartphone and now you know the reason behind it. This one also has a 2200 mAh battery under the hood.
The trio of Lumia devices; Lumia 720, Lumia 830 and Lumia 930 have been set for the availability date of October 6, October 8 and October 15 respectively.

Stocks Sink on US  European Economic WorriesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Asian Games: Boxer Sarita Devi faces ban  AIBA to open disciplinary action10
5
Indian boxer Sarita Devi could face lengthy international ban for refusing to accept bronze medal on the podium at the Asian Games 2014 on Wednesday. AIBA has opened disciplinary case against Sarita and will announce their decision at the end of Asian Games.
Sarita had lost a controversial lightweight bout against South Korean Ji Na Park. She broke down during the medal ceremony at Incheon and went on to slam Boxing India officials for ignoring her plight.
"The whole incident looked like a well planned scenario by her and her team, and it is regretful to watch a boxer refuse the medal regardless of what happened in the competition. In this regard, as the technical delegate, I had to request OCA to review this incident, so any boxer or athlete in other sports will not follow in her footsteps by disrespecting the spirit of fair-play and sportsmanship of the Olympic Movement," said AIBA supervisor David B Francis.
#asian games 2014 #asian games #india #aiba
"None of the officials who had come with me protested. I am happy that I have sacrificed for my country. I could not stop myself," Sarita Devi told to CNN-IBN.
While commenting on this incident, Sarita's husband Thoiba Singh told CNN-IBN: "This is very funny.....instead of punishing the officials they are trying to ban the boxer."
"We had to collect $500 and submit it to the organising committee as a protest fee. This is totally unacceptable, Sarita has not disgraced the sports, she has done for the benefit of the sports."
Sarita was visibly shattered after the decision in her semi-final on Tuesday went against her despite an overwhelming superiority that was there for all to see.
As her name was called out she stepped on the podium and broke down. She then refused to accept the medal from the official. After much pleading she took the medal in her hands and did not wear it around her neck. Moments before the national anthem of China Sarita stepped off the podium and went to Korea's Jina Park and put the medal around her neck.
The stunned Korean then walked across to Sarita and pleaded with her to take the medal back. Sarita then left the medal on the podium as she walked off the ring.
208

Jayalalithaa to stay in jail  bail plea adjourned by Karnataka HC till TuesdayOct 01, 2014 at  11:06am IST
Jayalalithaa to stay in jail, bail plea adjourned by Karnataka HC till Tuesday
46
1
Bangalore: In a setback for former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa, the vacation bench Karnataka High Court adjourned the hearing of her bail plea to Tuesday.
Her lawyers filed a plea seeking a speedy hearing of the case against her after the Karnataka High Court had put off her bail plea hearing till Monday. However, the vacation bench of the HC on Wednesday adjourned the matter to be heard by the regular bench on Tuesday.
The former chief minister has been behind bars since Saturday when she was convicted in the Rs 66.65 crore disproportionate assets case and sentenced to 4 years in jail by a special court in Bangalore on September 27. All cinema halls in the state continue to be closed in solidarity with Jayalalithaa.
#jayalalithaa #aiadmk #assets #dmk
The AIADMK chief is presently lodged in VVIP cell number 23 in the Central Prison at Parappana Agrahara on the outskirts of Bangalore.
There were reports that Jayalalithaa has not been keeping well and has to be shifted to a hospital soon. However, Bangalore Police Commissioner MN Reddi denied the reports and said, "We usually write to a couple of government hospitals routinely when there is a Z+ security person in city, to keep ward ready as a precaution. We have written in the same way to two hospitals. Public is requested not to pay heed to any such rumours of her ill health."
23

Tamil Nadu: Seventeen fall ill after eating snake bitten goat s meat43
0
Tiruvallur: Seventeen people complained of nausea and giddiness after consuming meat of a goat which was reportedly bitten by a snake, a local health official said on Wednesday. They were discharged after treatment at a hospital, the official said. Villagers of Periyakadambur in Tiruttani Panchayat Union fell ill after consuming mutton on Tuesday night.
The affected persons "found" that the meat they ate was of a goat owned by a farmer that was reportedly bitten by a snake. "Nausea is among the common symptoms of food poisoning. We do not know if the goat was bitten by a snake. If at all that was true, we do not know if that was a poisonous reptile," a Tiruttani health official said, requesting anonymity.
"The villagers say that the goat was bitten by snake. It may be true or may not be true. All the seventeen were treated and later sent home. Non-venomous rat snakes are common in Tiruttani region as farm lands are plenty here," he added.
The affected persons "found" that the meat they ate was of a goat owned by a farmer that was reportedly bitten by a snake.
Tiruttani police said they were aware of the incident and declined to comment as there was no complaint.
4

Come soon before it s too late  PM Narendra Modi tells US businessesOct 01, 2014 at  03:37pm IST
Come soon before it's too late, PM Narendra Modi tells US businesses
57
0
Washington: Asserting that India is on the move to becoming a country with a business-friendly environment, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has exhorted top US corporates to establish and expand their base in India before it is too late.
"Take the benefit of the fast paced development and changes in the Indian economy," Modi said in his address on Tuesday to American businesses urging them to take advantage of India's growing economy to foster mutual prosperity.
"Together we will reach new heights of development and growth," Modi said at the event organised by the US-India Business Council (USIBC). "I invite you all. I invite you all for 'Make in India'," he added.
PM Modi on Tuesday said that the business community should come to India soon as the queue might be too long and they might be left behind.
#modi us corporate #modi meets america #narendra modi #india
Referring to a speech he made to the business community in the 2009 Vibrant Gujarat Summit, he said, "At that time, I had said that do not delay (in coming to Gujarat), the queue might be too long too soon and you might be left behind. Today I am saying the same thing with confidence - that the queue would be too long too soon," Modi said.
Among those present at the meeting were World Bank President, Jim Yong Kim, External Affairs Minister, Sushma Swaraj, and several top corporate leaders from both the US and India, including Mukesh Ambani. USIBC chairman, Ajay Banga, who is also MasterCard CEO, said India under Modi is experiencing a new chapter of growth. And encouraged by the steps taken by the new Indian government in its first three months, the USIBC has identified upwards of USD 41 billion slated for investment from members over the next two to three years, he said.
"The best days of US-India relations are coming," Banga said. "What a difference one election can make," Banga added. The US Chamber of Commerce President, Tom Donohue, in his brief remarks welcomed Modi's commitment to replace "red tape with red carpet".
In his speech, which he delivered in Hindi with simultaneous interpretation in English, Modi said even if there is no red carpet, he would ensure that there is no red tape in his country. He assured American investors and businesses that in the next six months, he would implement all the things necessary for ease of business in the country.
"With its full force, India is vowing to make its presence felt in the economic world and is moving ahead with a new confidence, he said, adding that in less than three to four months of his government, he does not see any reason whatsoever for India lagging behind in the global economy. "There is no need to waste time in finding an answer to the question - why we are lagging behind," he said.
"We need to make only one small decision: 'Chalo, Nikal Paro (Come Let's Move)'," he said adding that India is now on the move. "Now I can say with confidence that there is a new faith and aspiration towards India the world over," he said. Business and corporate world, he said based on his experience, need effective governance, easy governance and ways to avoid red-tapism, even if they do not get red carpet.
Modi said it is a responsibility of his government to provide a development-friendly environment. People should be assured about the security of their investment, be given proper infrastructure and require a peaceful neighbour, in addition to adequate human resources.
The Indian government has made a road map keeping this in mind, he added. He also called for a vibrant economy for a country, otherwise no one would come. "Fiscal deficit should be less. There should be no existence of tax terrorism. There should be simplification of taxation system. After coming to power, we have given priority to these things," Modi said. Modi said he has established a committee to remove obsolete and outdated rules and regulations. The less the regulations and law, the more fresh air," he added.
Reiterating that the government 'has no business to remain in business', Modi said his government has taken decision of a record disinvestment of USD 10 billion. "Our job is to facilitate things and not run a business," he said. The Prime Minister said he has instructed his officials to take steps towards ease of business.
"Today, I can say with confidence that within six months, we will implement and enforce all parameters of ease of business," Modi said adding that "Make in India" campaign is being connected with the digital world.

BlackRocks Fink lambasts regulatorsFink blames regulators for move into riskier assets
By Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/02b3bc2e-490d-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cameron portrays his party as tax-cutting fiscal hawks© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a2a143d0-4973-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sonia Gandhi voices concern over rising incidents of train accidentsPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 7:36 pm
Congress President Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday expressed concern over the “rising” incidents of train accidents as she and Rahul Gandhi also condoled the loss of lives in a collision between two trains near Gorakhpur.
“Sonia Gandhi has expressed condolences at the loss of lives in the unfortunate train accident near Gorakhpur. Hoping that the injured are being provided adequate treatment and relief, Gandhi expressed concern over the rising incidents of train accidents,” the party said in a statement.
In a separate statement, Rahul Gandhi expressed grief over the Krishak Express-Barauni Express collision that led to 12 deaths and resulted in injuries to several others. “He said his thoughts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of those who lost their lives in this terrible tragedy,” the statement said.

These are the undergraduate schools that land you the best jobsMax Nisen @MaxNisen
October 1, 2014
LinkedIn released an update  today to its platform of tools aimed at university students, part of an ongoing effort to hook job seekers early, put soon-to-be and recent college graduate in front of recruiters, and become part of the college search process. One of the new features is a “University Outcome Ranking” based on LinkedIn’s data on alumni career outcomes.
The rankings are based on how successful recent graduates of various schools have been at getting desirable jobs in given fields.
The company looked at millions of profiles to identify the top companies where people of various professions choose to work. It found where Linkedin users in those careers went to school, and then ranked schools by the percentage of alumni who landed jobs at those top companies.
Right now, the rankings are limited to a few job categories and countries , though the company intends to expand that in the future. We’ve broken out the top 10 schools for a few popular careers:
Software developers (startups) in the United States
Stanford University

Page Industries Are You On the Right PagePage Industries Are You On the Right Page
BSE Sensex reverses losses to close with 116-pt gain; ITC  Tata Motors  ONGC shares gainBSE Sensex reverses losses to close with 116-pt gain;  ITC, Tata Motors, ONGC shares gain
Reuters | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 22 2014, 16:41  IST
Sep 22 2014, 16:41  IST
 

peter thiel interviewShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Paypal founder takes aim at Europe’s tech sector
Sep 29, 2014 : Peter Thiel, co-founder of Paypal, tells the FT's Sally Davies why he is pessimistic about the future for Europe’s technology sector.

Paypal founder takes aim at Europes tech sectorShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Paypal founder takes aim at Europe’s tech sector
Sep 29, 2014 : Peter Thiel, co-founder of Paypal, tells the FT's Sally Davies why he is pessimistic about the future for Europe’s technology sector.

Reliance Capital to double market capitalisation in 3-4 yrs: Anil AmbaniE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Morningstar downgrades Pimco Total Return fundBy Jonnelle Marte September 29 Follow @jonnelle
Bill Gross, co-chief investment officer of Pacific Investment Management Co. (PIMCO), left, looks on as Laurence “Larry” D. Fink, chairman, chief executive officer and co-founder of BlackRock Inc. Gross, co-founder and chief investment officer of Pacific Investment Management Co., will join Janus Capital Group Inc. Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg.
Fund research firm Morningstar stripped Pimco’s flagship Total Return bond fund of its gold rating Monday night, citing uncertainty over outflows after the departure of co-founder Bill Gross.
Investors yanked more than $10 billion from Pimco after it was announced that Gross was leaving the firm, the Wall Street Journal reported Monday . Those outflows could be just the beginning, with Morningstar predicting that “likely tens of billions, if not hundreds of billions” in assets will follow Gross out the door to Janus Capital, where he will manage a new unconstrained bond fund.  An analyst for Citi estimated the potential outflows could amount to $400 billion, or 20 percent of the Pimco’s $2 trillion in assets.
“Given Bill Gross’ abrupt departure, investors have focused on the possibility that outflows could wreak havoc on the portfolio,” Eric Jacobson, senior analyst at Morningstar, said in the report explaining the downgrade .
With so much money leaving the firm, do investors have any reason to stay?
It depends on why they invested in Pimco in the first place. Many people who bought Pimco funds because they believe in Gross will likely follow him to Janus, analysts and financial advisers say.
“The mystique is gone, and now you’re just with Pimco,” says Rick Ferri,  founder of Portfolio Solutions, an investment management firm in Troy, Mich. “And not that that’s bad or good, but maybe there are other places to go that are less expensive.”
Some of the cash leaving Pimco will head to competitors offering large bond funds. Some people may see this as a chance to switch from active management to a less expensive index fund, Ferri says. For instance, the $120 billion Vanguard Total Bond Market Index fund, which also tracks the Barclays Aggregate Bond index, charges 0.20 percent, or $20 for every $10,000 invested. That compares to the 0.85 percent expense ratio on the Pimco Total Return Bond fund, or $85 for every $10,000 invested. (Meanwhile the Vanguard fund has gained 3.9 percent in the 12 months ending Friday, compared to a gain of 3.1 percent for the Pimco fund, according to Morningstar.)
People who stay with Pimco may need to be patient with the firm as it stabilizes following the departure of its top two leaders. (Former chief executive Mohamed El-Erian left earlier this year.) Jacobson of Morningstar said it will take time to see how the new managers will perform but added that “there are a number of reasons to believe they will be successful after the dust settles.” The new chief investment officer is Daniel Ivascyn, 45, who was named Morningstar Fixed-Income Fund Manager of the Year in 2013.
“We have assembled a team of world-class investors over the course of many years, and established a time-tested top-down, bottom-up investment process that will guide our investment philosophy and continue to serve our clients well into the future,” Ivascyn said in a statement.
Because roughly half of the fund is in short-term bonds, which investors can buy and sell easily, managers shouldn’t have a hard time selling bonds to pay what is owed to investors leaving the fund, says Russel Kinnel, director of manager research for Morningstar,  That should help to stabilize performance, even as investors take their money and go. “Ten billion isn’t a problem for a giant fund in the $200 billion range,” he says.
And some of the people who invested in Pimco’s flagship fund for its strong returns may already have been on their way out. Last May, long before Gross announced his exit, investors staged an exodus. After 16 months, they’ve pulled close to $70 billion from the fund.
Read more:

Why regular investors should care about Bill Grosss departureBy Jonnelle Marte September 26 Follow @jonnelle
Bill Gross, the co-founder of Pacific Investment Management Co., announced Friday that he was stepping down to join rival Janus. This comes after numerous clashes with board members and reports that the firm will be investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for the allegedly inflating bond prices. (Reuters)
Bill Gross, founder of Pacific Investment Management Co. and the manager of the largest bond mutual fund in the world, is stepping down.
Starting next week, Gross, who managed the $222 billion Pimco Total Return Bond fund, will run a new unconstrained bond fund at Janus Capital Group, which announced the move Friday. “After having spent considerable time serving in senior management, it is a time for me to reduce executive and people management responsibilities at a larger firm and focus on the pure aspects of portfolio management at a smaller one,” Gross said in a statement announcing the change.
The reasons for Gross’s departure are still unclear. Gross, who founded Pimco in 1971 and oversaw the firm as it grew to have more than $2 trillion in assets, has seen his reputation bruised in the past several months following the high profile departure of his second-in-command and former chief executive Mohamed El-Erian. Investors have also been fleeing his flagship bond fund after performance wavered, pulling $68.8 billion from the fund during 16 straight months of outflows that began last May, according to fund research firm Morningstar.
Earlier this week, the Wall Street Journal reported that the firm was being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission for potentially inflating bond prices in the $3.6 billion Pimco Total Return ETF. And on Friday, reports emerged that other top leaders at Pimco were getting ready to fire Gross.
While the news was not a complete surprise for investors who had been watching the firm, the suddenness of the move– Gross is starting his new job on Monday– may still have implications for regular investors.
There’s a good chance you have exposure to Pimco. With more than $100 billion in defined contribution retirement plans, the Pimco Total Return Bond fund is the largest fund in the 401(k) marketplace, says Ryan Alfred, president  and chief operating officer of BrightScope, a company that tracks retirement plans. More than half of the 55,000 retirement plans offered the bond fund as of 2012, which is on the high end for a mutual fund, Alfred said. That means there’s a good chance investors could see some short-term volatility in their retirement accounts in the wake of the news.
But the key phrase there is short-term. While the departure of Gross and his No. 2 in the same year doesn’t bode well for the stability of the firm,  analysts say the leadership changes shouldn’t lead to an overnight change in the management and performance of Pimco’s funds. Gross was the top manager of the Pimco Total Return Bond fund, but he worked with a large team of analysts and managers who are likely staying on board after he leaves, says Russel Kinnel, director of manager research for Morningstar. “This is obviously a sign that there are some serious issues at Pimco,” Kinnel says, “It’s not the end of the world.” Even if the new manager assigned to the fund takes a very different approach, it will likely be implemented gradually, Kinnel says.
His departure is enough to move markets– at least temporarily. Gross’s outlook on the bond market and the economy, expressed in colorful newsletters to investors, was often enough to move the bond market. The day he announced his move was not any different. Yields on 10-year Treasury notes  jumped temporarily to  2.55 percent from 2.50 percent immediately after his statement, sending bond prices down. (That may not seem like a lot, but it’s a big move in the bond market.) Some investors also sold off their Pimco stock funds, causing prices to slump. Market performance is likely to stabilize as investors adjust to the new leadership at Pimco and refocus their attention on other factors like the strength of the economy, Kinnel says.
It will be important to watch what happens next at Pimco, he adds. If a slew of other staff members  leave the firm, that could rock the performance of Pimco’s funds. But if management stabilizes, investors may stay put. Still, Morningstar said shortly after the announcement that it had placed all of Pimco’s funds “under review,” a designation that means it would re-evaluate the funds’ ratings. The research firm downgraded the bond company to a C following the departure earlier this year of El-Erian. While it is too soon for investors to know for sure if they should dump  their Pimco funds, it might be a good time to reassess their bond porfolios, Kinnel says. “But you have time to do it,” he says. “You don’t need to get out this second.”
Read more:

Chicago-area business activity robust  report saysChicago-area business activity robust, report says
Chicago business
Terrence Antonio James, Chicago Tribune
Detail of a sports car being printed at the International Manufacturing Technology Show at McCormick Place in Chicago on Monday, Sept. 08, 2014.
Detail of a sports car being printed at the International Manufacturing Technology Show at McCormick Place in Chicago on Monday, Sept. 08, 2014. (Terrence Antonio James, Chicago Tribune)
By Jessica Wohl , Tribune reporter contact the reporter
Business activity in the Chicago area remained robust in September, even as production and new orders slowed from August, a new report showed on Tuesday.
The Chicago Business Barometer suggests the U.S. economy is growing at a healthy clip, according to data released by the Institute for Supply Management-Chicago Inc.
The Chicago Business Barometer fell to 60.5 in September from 64.3 in August.
The decline was greater than some had anticipated. A median forecast of 46 economists surveyed by Bloomberg was 62, with estimates ranging from 58 to 65, Bloomberg reported.

SBI Cuts Short-Term Deposit RatesSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Mumbai: State Bank of India (SBI) on Tuesday reduced short-term deposit rates by 1 percentage point for amount below Rs 1 crore - the second such move by the country's largest lender this month.
In an exchange filing on Tuesday, the banking giant said it has reduced the pricing of short-term deposits of below Rs 1 crore to 6 per cent from 7 per cent now for a maturity of 7 to 45 days.
The new pricing will be effective October 7, said SBI, which controls close to a quarter of the total liabilities in the banking system.
The bank has retained the existing rates for all other maturities in this bucket.
On September 16, SBI had cut the interest rate on medium-term deposits (one year to less than three years maturity) by 25 basis points to 8.75 per cent and medium-term deposit in the 180-210 days category also by 25 bps to 7.25 per cent.
From a quarterly perspective, this is the third time the bank has revised deposit rates. In July, it had reduced the interest rate on fixed deposits of up to 179 days by 0.50 percentage point (50 bps) and on bulk deposits by 25 bps.
The bank has been witnessing deposits growth at a healthy rate of 13-14 per cent but credit expansion remains tepid at 7 per cent.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 23:45 (IST)

Spare Parts Case: Final Hearing on Tata  Mahindra Plea in OctoberSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Tuesday fixed October 28 for the final hearing of pleas by two Indian carmakers challenging provisions of the Competition Act as well as a Competition Commission of India (CCI) order imposing a penalty on them for violating trade norms in the after-services and spare parts market.
A bench of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw also extended the stay on the order imposing penalty on Mahindra & Mahindra and Tata Motors till the next date of hearing.
While Mahindra had been ordered by CCI to pay a fine of over Rs 200 crore, Tata was slapped with an amount of Rs 1,400 crore.
The court also asked the CCI to file counter affidavit within two weeks and directed the carmakers to submit their rejoinder "within a week thereafter".
However, the judges made it clear to the auto majors that the stay order is only applicable to them.
On August 25, CCI had fined Mahindra, Tata and 12 other companies Rs 2,554 crore for allegedly violating trade norms in the spare parts and after-services market and asked them to deposit the amount within 60 days.
For each entity, the individual fine amounted to 2 per cent of its average turnover.
Besides the two, the other companies on which penalties have been imposed were Mercedes Benz India Pvt Ltd, Toyota Kirloskar Motor Pvt. Ltd, Honda Cars India Ltd, Volkswagen India, Fiat Group Automobiles India Pvt Ltd, Ford India Pvt Ltd, General Motors India Pvt Ltd, Nissan Motor India Pvt Ltd, Hindustan Motors Ltd, BMW, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd and Skoda Auto India Pvt. Ltd.
A single-judge bench of the high court had recently given three weeks interim protection from the CCI order to BMW and Mercedes-Benz. The same bench had also stayed the operation of the order against Maruti.
Earlier, the High Court had sought CCI's response on the plea of the two carmakers.
The court had directed CCI to inform it whether the Competition Appellate Tribunal (COMPAT) is functional and also whether the Supreme Court is seized of any matter challenging provisions of the Competition Act, while the carmakers were ordered to produce a copy of the August 25 order of the antitrust regulator imposing a fine on them.
The provisions challenged by the two companies pertain to the imposition of penalty (section 27(b) of the Act) and the holding of meetings by CCI (section 22) to adjudicate a matter.
Senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam, appearing for M&M, had contended that both provisions are ultra vires the Constitution.
He had said that under the Act, CCI is arbitrarily imposing penalties without giving a hearing.
This view was echoed by senior advocate Abhishek Manu Singhvi, appearing for Tata, who said CCI is imposing penalty "as it sees fit".
They had also contended that in the present case, the issue was heard by a seven-member quorum of CCI. However, the order under challenge was passed by only three members.
Counsel for CCI, on the other hand, had contended that the order can be challenged before COMPAT which is functional right now and added that the apex court is seized of a matter challenging provisions of the Competition Act.
Tata had contended that while calculating the amount, CCI also took into account the turnovers of its subsidiary companies such as Jaguar and alleged that the provision for imposing penalty was "being misused".
They had also said that CCI had suo motu expanded the scope of the investigations into the entire car industry even though it had originally received a complaint against three automobile firms - Honda, Volkswagen and FIAT.
The two companies also questioned whether the anti-trust regulator had the powers to expand the scope of investigations on its own even if the complainant had not named a company in the original complaint.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 23:45 (IST)

Largest day yet for airstrikes in Iraq and SyriaBy Dan Lamothe September 30 Follow @danlamothe
A U.S Air Force KC-10 refuels an F-22 Raptor fighter jet after strike operations in Syria, Sept. 23, 2014. The United States and partner nations launched the largest combined single day of airstrikes on Iraq and Syria on Tuesday, striking 13 times in Iraq and 11 more in Syria. (U.S. Air Force photo by Maj. Jefferson S. Heiland)
The United States and Great Britain launched 24 more airstrikes in Iraq and Syria, defense officials said on Tuesday, making it the biggest day yet in the air war against the Islamic State militant group.
Eleven airstrikes each were conducted in Iraq and Syria by U.S. warplanes, officials with U.S. Central Command said in a statement. Separately, British officials said they conducted their first two airstrikes in Iraq since joining the military campaign. Combined, the action surpassed Sept. 23 — the first with strikes in Syria — as the day with the most airstrikes in the two countries.
Great Britain says two Tornado aircraft hit a heavy weapons post and an armored vehicle in northwest Iraq. It was the RAF's first combat mission in Iraq since Britain's Parliament approved the move last week. (AP)
Fourteen airstrikes were launched in Syria on Sept. 23 as the U.S. and partner nations began their air war there, and four more were carried out at the same time in Iraq. Eight further strikes were carried out that day in Syria, but they came from 47 Tomahawk missiles launched by the U.S. Navy from ships in the Persian Gulf, rather than warplanes. Most of those were aimed at the Khorasan group, which U.S. officials said is an al-Qaeda affiliated group that was planning “imminent” attacks against U.S. and Western targets.
Rear Adm. John Kirby, the Pentagon press secretary, said Tuesday that the latest strikes in Iraq and Syria show that the United States will continue to go after the Islamic State. But he warned that the campaign will take time, and that the militants still pose a threat.
“We’ve been pretty honest about the fact that military action alone will not win this effort, but that shouldn’t be taken as an admission of ineffectiveness, and one of the ways we know we’re having an effect is precisely because the terrorists have had to change their tactics and their communications and their command and control,” Kirby said.
“No one said this would be easy or quick, and no one should be lulled into a false sense of security by accurate airstrikes,” he added. “We will not — we cannot — bomb them into obscurity.”
The latest strikes in Syria were carried out in four locations: near Dayr ar Zawr in eastern Syria (two strikes); near Sinjar, Iraq, on the border of northeastern Syria (five strikes); near Mazra al Duwud near the Turkish border (three strikes); and northeast of Aleppo (one strike).
A series of YouTube videos, from the United States Central Command, shows four airstrikes against the Islamic State on three separate dates. The video includes strikes made on a weapons storage facility in South Milibya, Syria, and on a rebel-held building east of Al Hasakah, Syria. (United States Central Command)
The bombing near Dayr ar Zawr destroyed a an armored vehicle and an armed vehicle controlled by the militants. Near Sinjar, the strikes hit an artillery piece, a tank, three armed vehicles, two unnamed facilities, an observation post and four fighting positions, defense officials said. The strikes near the Turkish border reportedly destroyed one artillery piece and damaged another, and destroyed two rocket launchers. Near Aleppo, four building occupied by militants were destroyed, officials said.
In Iraq, seven U.S. airstrikes were launched in northwest Iraq, hitting one armored vehicle, two transport vehicles, and five armed vehicles. Two more airstrikes were launched near the Mosul Dam, taking out a militant fighting position and an armed vehicle, U.S. military officials said. Northwest of Baghdad, another airstrike reportedly destroyed an armed vehicle, and a strike west of Fallujah, in western Iraq, hit an Islamic State checkpoint.
British defense officials said Royal Air Force Tornado GR4 fighters carried out two airstrikes in northwest Iraq to assist Kurdish troops under attack by militants. In the first, they destroyed an Islamic State position with a bomb, officials said. In the second strike, an armed pick-up truck in the same area was taken out with a Brimstone missile fired by a Tornado jet.
The United States has now launched 233 airstrikes in Iraq since beginning its air campaign against the Islamic State there Aug. 8, according to a Washington Post database maintained by Checkpoint . At least 62 more airstrikes have been launched by the United States and its Arab partners in Syria. No Arab nations were involved in the strikes announced Tuesday. Kirby attributed that to timing and maintenance.
Related on Checkpoint

A wave of new dating sites attempts the impossible: getting rid of all the creepsBy Caitlin Dewey September 30 Follow @caitlindewey
(Siren)
Technology is often called upon to fix our most entrenched social problems — for better or worse. So it should come as no enormous surprise, then, that a new wave of apps and Web sites has risen to dispense with a particularly modern menace: Internet creeps — and the dating Web sites that enable them.
Mesh’s message filter options. (Mesh)
In the past six weeks, no fewer than three (!) creep-free, lady-friendly dating sites have launched to rave reviews — including one, Mesh , that auto-filters messages based on things like curse words, and another, Siren , that lets women control which men can see their profiles.
The apps are all attempts to solve an oft-discussed and well-documented industry problem: Women, by and large, are besieged by sexual solicitations, spam and other garbage whenever they log onto an dating site. But they’re also novel efforts to curb unsavory online behavior by preventing it rather than moderating it after the fact. And in that respect, they could be trailblazers not only for the online dating industry, but also for an entire constellation of spam-filled, harassment-marred social sites.
“Our whole site is built around women. From day one, we wanted to solve the problems women face in online dating,” said Asher Snyder, CEO and founder of Mesh, one of the more promising upstarts. “It just so happens when you solve women’s problems online, the experience gets better for everyone.”
Snyder, like many of his contemporaries, doesn’t have much data to back that up — yet. His dating site, which he envisions as a kind of anti-Tinder, just launched in open beta a few weeks ago. Since then, the service has seen roughly 2,200 sign-ups from daters intrigued by Mesh’s radically proactive technology, which lets users screen out messages that contain everything from f-bombs and sex terms to bad grammar. A language filter, similar to what education software deploys to detect plagiarism, can flag messages that a user has copy-pasted to multiple men or women. And daters can select “dealbreaker” issues — things like how a match feels about religion, or whether he does drugs — and bump messages from that person according to how he answers. Very preliminary results would suggest that all this works: Mesh boasts a mind-boggling average response rate of 95 percent.
Think of it as the world’s most effective spam filter, in the world’s spammiest place.
(Mesh)
Other apps have taken more unusual approaches. Singled Out , which launched in beta this week at the University of Massachusetts, solicits discussion questions from female users — “did you like ‘The Notebook,’ ” or my contribution, “is this app cool?” — and asks male users to vote yes or no. Women can initiate messages with the men whose answers interest them.
On the other side of the country, Seattle’s Siren doesn’t let men see women’s profiles until the women “select” them. There are no message filters, a la Mesh, but it decreases the junk from randos —  and puts women in control. Women are also the only ones who can send a notification the app’s dubbing a “Siren Call” — a kind of broadcast to all the men a female user’s interested in. (Notably, neither Siren nor Singled Out have much to offer the LGBT community. Mesh, which lets users identify as bi, trans, or a range of other combinations, is more inclusive on this score.)
“I believe that we are creating a space where women feel safe to have fun,” said Susie Lee, Siren’s CEO and founder, “and where men find genuine ways to start conversations with women who are interested in them.”
(Singled Out)
Given the frenetic speed and specificity with which dating sites crop up — there is, quite literally, a dating site for almost every conceivable demographic or interest — it almost seems odd that no one’s thought to make an explicitly female-friendly dating site before.
You can blame a range of factors for that delay: run-of-the-mill inertia, monetary concerns, the fact that mainstream dating sites are overwhelmingly run by men. OkCupid’s Christian Rudder has said that the site isn’t introducing filters or other screening tools because it risks blocking viable matches; Mesh’s Snyder puts it a little differently: “OkCupid makes a lot of money off creeps.” (Those are, in his estimation, the people most willing to pay for OkCupid’s so-called premium features.)
Whatever the reason, it doesn’t make much business sense: If women don’t have good experiences on dating sites, they’re unlikely to stick around — let alone engage with other daters. That hurts women, sure, but it also hurts their potential matches, and it definitely takes a toll on dating sites.
Snyder has experienced that firsthand. He used OkCupid for almost a decade, since its launch in 2004, before giving up on it entirely. He didn’t feel he was getting good, compatible matches anymore. And he was tired of hearing from female friends that all the guys they heard from were creeps or jerks.
“Online dating has become such a crapshoot,” he said. “There has got to be a better way.”
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

You Deserve a Pre-cationWhat’s better than unlimited vacation? Mandatory vacation.
Photo courtesy Maciej Serafinowicz/Unsplash
Jason Freedman was looking to hire a new employee at his startup, and he knew just the applicant he wanted for the job. The only problem was that the candidate’s current gig had left him frustrated and exhausted to the point of burnout, which was why he was on the market.
“Every other company he was talking to was asking, ‘How soon can you start?’ ” says Freedman, co-founder and CEO of 42Floors , a San Francisco-based commercial real estate search engine. Freedman wanted the guy, but he didn’t want him coming in haggard and beleaguered. So he made him a job offer with one stipulation: The candidate had to take a two-week paid vacation—before his first day. Delighted and relieved, the candidate accepted.
Will Oremus
Will Oremus is Slate's senior technology writer.
“We called it a pre-cation,” Freedman says. “It was only a couple of weeks, but he just came in so refreshed and energized, it was amazing.”
Advertisement
Freedman decided to begin offering pre-cations to all his new hires. “The day they get their offer letter, it’s kind of like Christmas morning, in that they have a new job and they’ve already thought through the vacation they’re about to go on. We have a guy who’s about to start next week, and he’s in Thailand right now. It’s like, ‘Yeah, have a great time! And when you get back here, work your ass off.’ ”
It’s the perfect job perk for our overworked times. Americans work longer days and take less vacation than anyone else in the developed world. Worker productivity has increased by 80 percent since 1973 . Meanwhile, 40 percent of Americans get less than seven hours of sleep per night. We deserve a break.
Yet many of us, especially in competitive fields, are hesitant to take even the relatively small amount of vacation to which our jobs entitle us. Our work ethic remains a point of pride even as it saps our energy and enthusiasm for the job.
Some well-off employers, including many Silicon Valley startups, have responded by offering their workers unlimited vacation. Atlassian , a San Francisco- and Sydney-based enterprise software company, does not track vacation days for its 300-plus U.S. employees. Yet it says it has seen no significant uptick in the total amount of time its workers take off.
So, like 42Floors, it gives them a little push, handing every new hire a travel voucher and encouraging them to take a trip before their first day. Atlassian dreamed up the idea in 2010 as part of a revamped recruitment campaign designed to spend less on recruiters and more on things that would directly benefit new hires.
“We want people to bring their best every day, and we want them here for the long haul,” says Jeff Diana, Atlassian’s chief people officer. “Changing jobs is an important shift, and we want to give people time to recharge, spend some time with family. Because once you start a new job, you kind of jump all in.”
Pre-cation policies may come at a price that not every company can afford.
The pre-cation policy flows from Atlassian’s view that memorable perks and a livable workspace make for happy employees without busting the company’s budget. Company bonding events like barbecues at San Francisco Giants games are frequent and well-attended. After five years of service, employees are asked to take another break and given $3,000 toward the vacation of their dreams. And instead of end-of-year cash bonuses, top performers get personalized packages delivered to their houses. The packages include fancy chocolates, confetti poppers, bottles of Champagne, and a hand-written letter from a superior about what makes the employee so valuable. Oh, and they come with grants of equity in the company.
The thoughtful touches make such an impression that they sometimes overshadow the monetary rewards in employees’ minds, Diana says. “People have the letters framed on their mantle. I have to ask them two or three times, ‘Great, so what did you think about the equity?’ ”
Atlassian’s “high-touch” approach to human resources has made it a mainstay of “best places to work” lists in both the U.S. and Australia. The company tells me that “regrettable attrition” rates for its employees are in the single digits, and 90 percent of respondents in an employee survey said they hoped to remain with Atlassian for a long time.
It would probably be premature to call the “pre-cation” a trend. While there are probably a few others out there, Atlassian and 42Floors are the only companies I could find that offer it, and both say that they came up with the idea independently; neither had heard of any others offering the same perk.
David Lewin, professor emeritus at UCLA’s Anderson School of Management, says the concept is a new one to him as well. But it reminds him of a somewhat similar practice that’s common among companies that hire MBA graduates: “Especially in economic growth periods as opposed to recessions, they will negotiate over their start date. It happened a lot in 2006 and ’07, it happened in the late ’90s, and it’s starting to happen again. It probably reflects the same underlying notion: ‘We’re working our butts off, and gee, wouldn’t it be good to have a couple months off to go do whatever one does with free time, and then start fresh and ready to roll?’ ”
Lewin is skeptical of the unlimited-vacation policies that have become de rigueur in the startup world. When you can take all the vacation you want, that means you can also take as little as you want, and employees might feel insecure or uncertain about how long they can afford to be away. As for the pre-cation policies, Lewin can see the appeal but notes that they may come at a price that not every company can afford.
Top Comment
I completely agree with the general tone. You know what sucked my motivation at my job and took several months to recover from? A layoff cut of about 10% of our team.   More...
-djvanderhoeven
Join In
If you ask Freedman of 42Floors how much his pre-cation program costs his 40-person company, however, you’ll get a surprising answer: zero. “The way you would calculate it would be the total dollars spent on paid time off,” he says. “But when I look at the overall amount of vacation time in the company, if anything I wish it was a little higher.”
In the long run, Freedman is convinced the policy boosts his bottom line. “The number one thing employers need to do if they want to get the most out of their workers is to get across that we care about their well-being. When they go home for Thanksgiving, we want their mom to say they’ve never looked so healthy. That’s why they stay in the job—and they’ll reward you with their passion and hustle.”

Superweeds  May Be Costing Farmers $1 Billion in Cropssuperweeds  may be costing farmers $1 billion in crops
Jayalalithaa arrest hits consumer sentimentJayalalithaa arrest hits consumer sentiment
R Ravikumar
Silent theatre: Sathyam Cinemas, one of Chennai's busiest multiplexes, wears a deserted look, as the Tamil film industry called for a day's hunger strike on Tuesday to express solidarity with former CM Jayalalithaa. BIJOY GHOSH
Malls, shopping hubs in TN see reduced footfall
Chennai, September 30:  
Though it is the festive season, with Dussehra celebrations on and Diwali around the corner, consumer sentiment in Tamil Nadu, particularly Chennai, remains dampened.
Following the conviction and arrest of former Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa on charges of corruption last Saturday, there have been protests, demonstrations and sporadic instances of violence.
Shopping was affected over the weekend as most parts of the city shut down on Saturday and public transport was hit. Though on Sunday several shops opened, not many shoppers ventured out. Malls and high street stores have been witnessing low footfall since then.
“Although the law and order situation is quite satisfactory, and no untoward incident took place in the city, shoppers hesitate to step out in big numbers, as they used to around this time,” said a top official of a leading mall here. However, he added, the situation was a shade better on Monday and Tuesday. Retailers in the mall expect consumer sentiment to bounce back soon, as this is the prime shopping period, he remarked.
The mood in T Nagar, the shopping hub of Chennai, was lacklustre. Though shops were open, shoppers were scarce.
Even jewellery stores in the ‘golden furlong’ of Usman Road saw poor sales. “Though this is not a wedding season, at least some casual buying would happen. But, due to the recent unfortunate development, there are few buyers in the shop. We expect sales to improve once some clarity emerges on the bail plea of the political leader,” said a leading jeweller in that stretch.
The Tamil film industry opted for a shutdown on Tuesday to express its solidarity with the AIADMK supremo. Theatres across the city remained closed.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Foreign cos entering fertiliser sector would benefit us: IFFCOU S Awasthi
Allahabad, Sept 30:  
Indian Farmers and Fertilisers Cooperative (IFFCO) Limited today said it would benefit from the competition that would ensue if reputed manufacturers from abroad set up their units in the country.
“If foreign fertiliser companies set up their units in India we would be happy and not worried. Competition is always beneficial to those who are competitive”, the fertiliser major’s Managing Director and CEO, U S Awasthi said here.
He was responding to a query relating to the probability of major players from abroad entering the fertiliser sector as part of the “Make in India” campaign and its possible impact on IFFCO which produces 36 per cent of the country’s total stock of phosphatic fertilisers and 21 per cent of nitrogenous fertilisers.
Awasthi, however stressed on the urgent need for a new fertiliser policy which only would enable us to reach our target of 18 lakh tonnes for this financial year without incurring losses. Last fiscal saw us suffering a loss of Rs 30 crore.
“Unless a new and favourable policy comes into being, we might be compelled to produce much less than our capacity and end up producing not more than 14.5 lakh tonnes.”
“We have also approached the government with a number of recommendations which, we believe, are being taken seriously and would lead to a positive outcome”.
“Our primary recommendation is to raise the prices for urea, an excessive use of which by ill-informed farmers has become rampant, resulting in sub-optimal levels of produce and avoidable damage to soil”, he said.
“The Reserve Bank of India, in its Economic Survey, has already underscored the overuse of urea, which is estimated to be 50 lakh tonnes in excess of what is required”.
“This has also led to imports to the tune of Rs 9,000 crore of urea which could have been avoided. In addition to raising the prices for urea, we have recommended making phosphate and potash cheaper and encouraging farmers to augment their use of bio-fertilisers”, Awasthi added.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

Trading relationship with India among the best in the world  says Canadian provinceTrading relationship with India among the best in the world, says Canadian province
G CHANDRASHEKHAR
Lyle Stewart, Minister of Agriculture, Saskatchewan
Close to 50 per cent of India’s annual pulses imports is supplied by Saskatchewan
Saskatoon (Canada), September 30:  
Endowed with abundant natural resources, Saskatchewan is among the fastest growing provinces of Canada; and no wonder, it is known as the country’s bread basket, growing a variety of grains and oilseeds among others. Saskatchewan supplies as much as 50 per cent of pulses (peas and lentils) India imports annually. The province has rich potash reserves as well as uranium.
Taking time off from his harvest schedule, Lyle Stewart, Minister of Agriculture, in an exclusive interview to BusinessLine, shares his vision of the expanding relationship between Saskatchewan and India in the area of agribusiness. “We think our trading relationship with India is among the best in the world,” he asserted. Saskatchewan Premier, Brad Wall, is in the process of scheduling a visit to India sometime in November to further cement trade, investment and research relationship. Edited excerpts:
 
Why is India important for Saskatchewan?
 
We have a large land base with a very productive agriculture sector and a small population. While export trade is critical, Canada and Saskatchewan province in particular, are great partners for India, particularly for meeting your food and nutrition security needs. India is a huge market for commodities. Beyond trade, two-way flow of investment is important.
There are opportunities for Indian companies to establish sourcing facilities in Saskatchewan and there are similar opportunities for our companies to meet India’s investment needs in foodgrain handling, storage and logistics. Then, to meet India’s vegetable protein and vegetable oil needs, we have the capability to provide new ingredient sources for value addition. Building agriculture infrastructure offers collaborative opportunities. We believe very strongly in the Canada India Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement that is currently in the process of being negotiated.
 
Saskatchewan has a strong research base. Do you see possibilities of collaborative research that may be mutually beneficial?
 
Saskatchewan and India have a great fit in the area of research. In our province, innovation in the agriculture sector is driven by strong collaboration between all segments of the industry.
We are home to a number of world-class facilities. The Crop Development Centre conducts applied crop research and development along with field crop breeding. A third of all biotech research in Canada is done in Saskatchewan. About 400 new crop varieties have been released. We are strong in grains, pulses and oilseeds research; and we could collaborate with Indian research institutions for mutual benefit. Water management is one of our core strengths. We are in a position to assist India and extend research support for scientific water management. 
 
India has a growing livestock and dairy sector. Where do you see opportunities?
 
The University of Saskatchewan has a strong research capacity in dairy and feed utilisation. A new dairy research facility was established there in 2013.
Collaborative research to find end-to-end solutions for the dairy sector is a great opportunity. It may cover genetics, animal welfare, feed efficiency, milk yield improvement and so on. Canola meal in dairy rations is one area. Numerous trials have established that average milk yields improve with diets containing canola meal as compared with other meals like cotton seed or soybean.
(This article was published on September 30, 2014)
Related

eBay to hive off PayPal next year  says CEOE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US must spend more to beat IsisSeptember 30, 2014 10:11 am
America can only beat Isis by spending more on defence
By Martin Feldstein
Misguided policy means our enemies don’t fear us and friends don’t trust us, says Martin Feldstein
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f687828-47fe-11e4-ac9f-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lex Live: What banks tell youAbout Lex
Blog guide
This is a blog and notebook by the writers of Lex, the investment column of the Financial Times. It's a chance to see inside the work of a Lex writer and to participate in the construction of a Lex note . It will also contain some brief observations and thought-provoking questions from Lex columnists.
If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read this blogs. However, our Lex posts remain free.
Lex is the oldest and arguably the most influential business and finance column of its kind in the world. The unconflicted column covers corporate affairs and fiercely guards its editorial independence.

Pimco - what happens nowShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Pimco - what happens now?
Sep 30, 2014 : Bill Gross shocked the investment world last week by quitting his post at Pimco, which he co-founded, to move to the far smaller Janus Capital. Could this create a systemic accident in the bond markets? John Authers weighs the evidence.
Credits: Produced and filmed by Gregory Bobillot. Still pictures: Reuters

China to lead the world in plastic fantastic revolutionSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Innovation key to solo PayPalInnovation key to PayPal’s successful independence
By Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/307d8e56-48b7-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Royal Bank of Scotland: conference season© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/003c0faa-489f-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BIG PHARMA S MONEY TIES TO DOCTORS REVEALED*Big Pharma's Money Ties To Doctors Revealed. Kind Of
Posted:
reddit
US President Barack Obama makes a statement to the press after a meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the Oval Office of the White House September 30, 2014 in Washington, DC. Obama met with the newly elected Modi during his first trip to the United States as Prime Minister. AFP PHOTO/Brendan SMIALOWSKI        (Photo credit should read BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images)
The Obama administration unveiled a website Tuesday that will shed some much-needed light on Big Pharma's relationship with doctors. Just not quite today.
Called Open Payments , it's a tool authorized by the Affordable Care Act that offers details on payments that drug companies and medical device makers give to physicians and medical school teaching hospitals.
The aim is to enable people to discover whether the doctors and hospitals they visit may have motives other than patients' best interests when they choose one drug or medical device over another that may be better or cheaper. Drugmakers have even been fined for making illegal payments to doctors to promote prescribing their medicines.
It's the largest attempt yet to reveal the financial ties between medical providers and the health care firms peddling their wares, and includes compensation that those companies give to doctors and hospitals in things like speaking and consulting fees, travel to industry conferences, and free meals.
For now, the database only includes a few months' worth of payments, and has other shortcomings that won't allow patients to fully vet their doctors and hospitals.
"This is an opportunity for the public to learn about the relationships among health care providers, and pharmaceutical and device companies,” Marilyn Tavenner, administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, said in a press release.
This first release of payments information reveals drug and device makers made 4.4 million payments to 546,000 doctors and more than 1,300 teaching hospitals from August through December of last year. In total, the payments were worth about $3.5 billion. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services will add more numbers in the coming weeks , according to a press release. The first full-year accounting of payments won't come out until June. Drug and device companies are required to disclose this information under Obamacare.
The idea for Open Payments originated as the so-called Physician Payment Sunshine Act, the brainchild of lawmakers led by Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) and then-Sen. Herb Kohl (D-Wis.) in 2007. Eventually, patients will have a clearer understanding of where their doctors' and hospitals' financial interests may lie.
In addition to promoting transparency in general, making these payments public also may serve to reduce potential conflicts of interest by making health care providers think twice before accepting money from those companies.
But the first set of numbers in this huge new database only includes payments from a five-month period, which limits patients' and researchers' ability to track how closely tied one doctor or teaching hospital may be to the drug and device industries.
What's more, flaws in the data , which forced President Barack Obama's administration to delay the publication of these numbers, persist. As a result, there are payments not included in the database, and other information is listed without the names of the providers.
In short: You can search for your doctor or local teaching hospital, but the information you find might be incomplete, or even inaccurate.
ProPublica, a nonprofit journalism organization that maintains its own database of health care company payments to medical providers, offered a list of important reasons to be cautious about the numbers released Tuesday. The American Medical Association expressed similar misgivings . The AMA had called for the launch of the database to be postponed, as did the drug and device industries .
And if you do decide to start punching names into Open Payments, don't expect a Google-like experience. This is ProPublica's Charles Ornstein , a Pulitzer Prize-winning expert on data journalism and the subject of pharma and device payments to health care providers:
Gotta say, Open Payments website is NOT AT ALL consumer-friendly. Not sure it's journalist friendly. We have 3 people working now.
— Charles Ornstein (@charlesornstein) September 30, 2014
More:

At Long Last  eBay Sets PayPal FreeBeginning in 2015, eBay will split from the payments service PayPal.
Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images
Today eBay announced that it will spin PayPal off into a separate publicly traded company in 2015. Aside from being a major breakup, the move is a dramatic about-face for a company that, until very recently, had insisted its retail and payments operations were better off together.
John Donahoe, eBay's chief executive, told Reuters that the decision was based on the feeling that “the pace of change in this competitive environment ... is accelerating and will continue to over the next three to five years.” That seems like a reasonable statement on Donahoe's part— Apple Pay, anyone? —but it's an abrupt change of tone from his comments in recent months. During the Q4 2013 earnings call , Donahoe told listeners that, “PayPal and eBay make sense together for many reasons.” Among them: “eBay accelerates PayPal's success,” “eBay data makes PayPal smarter,” and “eBay funds PayPal's growth.” He expressed similar opinions until July.
Advertisement
What changed? For starters, activist investor Carl Icahn has been pushing for the spinoff since the start of this year. “We are happy that eBay's board and management have acted responsibly concerning the separation—perhaps a little later than they should have, but earlier than we expected,” Icahn said in a statement on his blog . “It is almost a ‘no brainer’ that these companies should be separated to increase the value of these great assets and thus to meaningfully enhance value for all shareholders.” On top of Icahn's efforts, Reuters reports that activist investor Daniel Loeb had taken a “significant” stake in eBay.
Activist investors weren't the only ones who felt eBay's ownership of PayPal was strangling the service. In a Reuters column, Rob Cyran notes that PayPal's ties to the online retailer were impeding close relationships with huge platforms like Amazon and slowing its adoption of new technology. “Departed co-founder Elon Musk warned two years ago that the plan he wrote at the turn of the century was essentially still in place and that if PayPal didn't act quickly it would be ‘screwed.’ ”
Judging by the performance of eBay's stock on Tuesday, investors don't think the spinoff came too late: Shares soared 7.5 percent.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Honda to Invest Rs 1 100 Crore to Set Up Two-Wheeler Plant in GujaratSebi Bars Transgene Chief, 5 Officials From Capital Markets
Ahmedabad:Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India has said it will invest Rs 1,100 crore to set up a two-wheeler plant at Vithalapur village in Ahmedabad district as it signed a 'state support agreement' with the Gujarat Government for the purpose on Tuesday.
The pact was signed by D J Pandian, Additional Chief Secretary in the State Industries Department, and Keita Muramutsu, president-cum-CEO of Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI), in the presence of Chief Minister Anandi Patel in Gandhinagar.
"HMSI will invest Rs 1,100 crore to set up their plant at Vithalapur in Mandal taluka of the district, around 110 km from here, which will provide employment to more than 2,000 local youths. HMSI has planned to churn out 1.02 million two-wheelers from this facility," an official press release said.
Welcoming the move by Honda Motorcycle, Ms Patel said such plants will contribute towards Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious 'Make in India' campaign.
"Gujarat is surging ahead in becoming India's 'auto hub'. Such plants in the region of Vithalapur-Sanad-Bechraji will create employment opportunities for the local youths.
"On the other side, waters have reached to that arid region through Narmada canal network, which will help locals in agriculture and cattle rearing thus, it is a three-layered development model for that region," the chief minister said during her interaction with media.
She was accompanied by Finance Minister Saurabh Patel, Health Minister Nitin Patel, Law Minister Pradeepsinh Jadeja, Agriculture Minister Babu Bokhiria and others.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 23:00 (IST)

Maruti Suzuki domestic sales up 10% in SeptemberHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Maruti Suzuki domestic sales up 10% in September
S Ronendra Singh
Shanker Chakravarty Maruti sales up 18 per cent in compact segment (including Swift and DZire) in September 2014.
New Delhi, Oct 1:  
Car market leader Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL) sold a total of 109,742 units in September.
This includes 99,290 (up 10 per cent year-on-year) units in domestic market and 10,452 units in exports, the company said in a statement.
The company had sold a total of 104,964 units in September last year, out of which 90,399 units were sold in the domestic market.
Segment wise, the company sold 35,547 units of the Mini cars (including Alto, Wagon R) in September this year, down 13 per cent as compared with 41,061 units in the corresponding month last year.
However, its compact segment (including Swift and DZire) grew by 18 per cent YoY to 43,304 units last month as compared with 36,679 units in September 2013.
The company also said that it has despatched 1,375 units of its yet to be launched sedan-Ciaz during last month.
MSIL will launch the Ciaz on October 6.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Windows 10: Everything you need to know and moreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Hero Moto surges 3%; expert s take on auto stocksHero Moto gains 3%; expert's take on auto stocks
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 10.31AM IST
Tags:
Hero MotoCorp
(The company sold over 6,00,000…)
MUMBAI: Shares of two-wheeler major Hero MotoCorp gained nearly 3 per cent in September on the back of strong sales in festival season.
The company sold over 6,00,000 units last month, up 30 per cent, from year-ago period. Retail sales from September 25-30 jumped to 1.7 lakh units, up 15 per cent, Y-o-Y.
"As despatches will continue till midnight of September 30, the final tally for the month is expected to be much higher," the company said in a statement.
It has lined-up 10 product launches during festive season.
Here's what Sanjay Dutt, Director, Quantum Securities, has to say on auto stocks:
You would see robust monthly sales in auto sector but I am not too enthused on Hero Motors. These stocks are over-owned, price to perfection positives are built in there. Everyone on the street is talking about festival demand which is reflected in the price.
From a longer term perspective, M&M or Maruti would still be a better bet in a portfolio. But, these are also on correction mode. You would see two-three rough days for the entire auto sector for whatever reason and that is the time one should be buying them.
There could be an opportunity in Ashok Leyland but with a caveat that I want to buy it on a correction.
The fact that my view is negative on the markets in the immediate short term is because you have already seen a 200% rise. There is a good chance of a reasonably good correction coming in the most of these stocks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex is down  forget it! Top 10 stocks that can return upto 100%You are here: Home > Collections
Forget Sensex, top 10 stocks which can give up to 100% return in next 12 months
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 03.18PM IST
Tags:
advertising
(Even though short-term…)
NEW DELHI: After a smart rally seen so far in the year 2014 (up 25% YTD), the weakness in the benchmark index can be best described as consolidation. But analysts still want to remain cautious and are not ruling out a scenario in which the markets may see some more profit booking in the next couple of weeks.
The S&P BSE Sensex has plunged nearly 600 points, while the Nifty too faced some bit of selling pressure and plunged nearly 200 points in the past 6 trading sessions.
Even though the short-term trend remains bearish, analysts advise investors with a long-term view to accumulate quality stocks at lower levels as the markets still have more upside in the next couple of years.
"Clearly, we have been maintaining our cautious stance for some time now. The macro and micro conditions have not really changed as far as the Indian domestic scene is concerned. The result season will soon start," said Mayuresh Joshi, VP, Institution, Angel Broking.
The corporate earnings are expected to remain subdued, say analysts. The data as we have been seeing through the RBI policy notes indicates that inflation is going to be sticky. The GDP, IIP data is going to have a long and slow recovery process, they say.
"So, overall domestically at least there are very few triggers even in terms of reform processes except the oil and gas reforms. If they come through in the coming month, nothing really seems to be coming through at least over the next few months," added Joshi.
From valuation perspective also, we are trading close to long-term averages. The only respite for India probably is that from an FII perspective, most emerging markets are fairly valued - Indonesia, Thailand, and Malaysia except China, Brazil and Russia, which have their own sweet problems.
Right now, the market is trading at almost about 15-16 per cent premium to its long-term average multiple. And, if we compare it with the number last year - market was trading at a 12% or 13% discount to its long-term average.
Joshi is of the view that apart from geopolitical tensions, domestic factors back home would keep the markets more or less in a range, but in the absence of triggers, the markets will find it very difficult to cross the 8200-8250 mark on the higher side. Therefore, the specifics would be rather a stock-related approach rather than playing on the markets at least from a short to medium-term perspective.
Both the Sensex and the Nifty slipped below their crucial psychological support levels last week and are now trading in a narrow range for the past couple of days. Analysts see this move as more of a consolidation or profit booking after a sharp rally (over 25% YTD) seen so far in the year 2014.
Even though the economy has bottomed out, it will take some time for all engines to fire. Investors should now look at markets with an investment horizon of 3-5 years.
"Investors need to look at this market from a long-term perspective. Do not look at it from a short-term perspective and certainly, do not be guided by the returns of the last 12 months," said Vetri Subramaniam, Chief Investment Officer, Religare Invesco Mutual Fund .
"So, our only recommendation to investors at this time is that rather than getting trapped into this thing about where the correction will come, continue to invest in the market in small instalments using SIPs," he added.
We have collated a list of ten stocks which can deliver up to 100% return in the next 12 months:
Radico Khaitan: Target price set at Rs 165
IndiaNivest, which has a 'buy' rating on the stock, expects the stock to rally to Rs 165 in the next 12 months. Radico Khaitan's Q1 2014-15 net profit was down by 26% compared to the corresponding period of last year. However, the management's premiumisation drive is yielding results and its core brands, such as Magic Moments and Morpheus, are reaching new highs.
The recent fall in prices has also brought down its valuations to reasonable levels. Radico Khaitan has reportedly been in talks with global liquor majors to sell a small stake of its IMFL business and, any announcement on that front, can be a major trigger for the stock.
SKF India: Target price set at Rs 1324
ICICI Direct initiates a 'buy' recommendation on the stock with a target price of Rs 1324. A healthy balance sheet, robust cash flow, strong parentage and product profile, strong distribution network and the recovery in the end-user industry should benefit SKF India .
India Cements Ltd: Target price set at Rs 165
Nirmal Bang retains a 'buy' rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 165. The company's plans to dissociate itself from Chennai Super Kings and turn it into a wholly-owned subsidiary in an attempt to monetise this asset to lower its debt burden bodes well.
Mangalam Cements Ltd: Target price set at Rs 337

BSE Healthcare index @ fresh all-time high; top five stocks which propelled the rally5 Pharma stocks that propelled BSE Healthcare to lifetime high
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 1, 2014, 04.07PM IST
Tags:
Healthcare
(Despite the concerns of…)
MUMBAI: The BSE Healthcare Index is at fresh all-time high today even as valuations of some companies in the index looks a little stretched. Investors came back to the sector after the Q1 results of sectors such as infrastructure, metals and PSU banks failed to deliver.
"Pharma stocks are clearly far more expensive. They have seen a massive increase in valuations over last two-three years. But the good thing about pharma stocks has been that it has been accompanied by very strong acceleration in earnings. That is what has held up the multiples at a higher level," said Prabhat Awasthi, Head of Equity & MD, India, Nomura Financial Advisories & Securities told ET Now.
Despite the concerns of import alerts from the USFDA and recent drug recalls, the pharma sector has been one of the top performers in last quarter.
"Pharma stocks were in demand throughout the period with the hangover of robust Q1 performances and the rupee depreciation in sync with global currencies keeping interest intact. A visible recovery in domestic formulations also influenced fresh buying," said ICICI Securities report.
Indian companies are gaining market share in global markets. New launches, acquisitions and deals are keeping the momentum going. The recent decline in rupee is expected to boost margins and profitability of export oriented pharma companies.
The rupee has depreciated to close to 62 per dollar on the back of strong demand for the greenback. The initial signs of pick-up in US economy are driving dollars back to the US. If the trend continues, the rupee may depreciate to 63 per dollar level, say analysts.
The BSE Healthcare Index has surged 26.61 per cent in the last quarter and companies such as Cipla, Wockhardt, Lupin, Aurobindo Pharma and Glenmark have outperformed the index in the same period.
Cipla: Cipla showed a sharp uptick last quarter as bullish investors were accumulating the stock. It is one of the seven companies which got licence from Gilead Sciences Inc. to sell blockbuster hepatitis C drug Sovaldi worth $1,000-a-pill medicine at far cheaper price in 91 developing countries.
The recent launch of inhaler Seretide MDI in select EU markets also boosted sentiment in the counter.
"We are fundamentally positive on Cipla and it is among our top picks. For medium term, we are expecting a price target of around Rs 650. We are factoring in a very strong 18 per cent CAGR in revenue growth for FY15-16 and 25 per cent bottomline growth for FY16," said Ajay Bodke, Head-Investment Strategist & Advisory, Prabhudas Lilladher.
Bhavin Shah, CEO, Equirus Securities is confident on the whole story around Cipla's ability to enter various export markets with some of the new products.
"If one takes a two-three-year view, we still see significant upside in Cipla on the back of this new product pipeline. That is why we would continue to recommend that stock. However, purely from a near-term perspective, the upside has been already captured in the recent move," he told ET Now.
Wockhardt:
The stock was a little subdued as compared to peers due to inspection at its manufacturing facility in Chikalthana, near Aurangabad in Maharashtra. The facility has been already facing a ban from the USFDA.
The UK drug regulator MHRA had withdrawn quality certification for the company's Chikalthana plant last year citing manufacturing deficiencies.
However, Ashwin Mohan of ET Now, reported today that that there is some good news for promoter Habil Khorakiwala on the regulatory front.
UK MHRA has told ET NOW that there is no evidence of safety risk from medicines at Wockhardt's India sites. The regulatory body is assessing corrective actions by Wockhardt at India plants towards EU GMP compliance.
Chikalthana plant contributes 5-6 per cent revenues to Wockhardt's UK business. At least 20 brands including Aspirin is manufactured at the company's Chikalthana plant.
According to Avinnash Gorakssakar, Head of Research, Miintdirect.com the market is playing on the recovery and turnaround story of the company.
"There have been some reports that possibly some strategic investors would get in into company. Hopefully after a couple of quarters if we do see some traction on the core earnings, that definitely means that there could be good amount of re-rating. Some sort of gradual accumulation has been happening and once we get a sign of some turnaround happening, the stock can get further re-rating," he told ET Now.
 
Lupin:
Lupin has forged two alliances in the last couple of days: the one with Salix Pharma (Salix) under an in-licencing agreement and the other with Merck Serono (Merck) under an out-licencing agreement.
These alliances indicate the company's intention to fast-track the growth in the emerging markets.

Hong Kong protesters are so niceHong Kong protesters are so freaking nice
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN October 1, 2014: 9:56 AM ET
 
Hong Kong protesters: young and rebellious
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Big demonstrations are always a little uncomfortable. Trash piles up, personal space is non-existent and bathrooms are in short supply.
Add the threat of tear gas, pepper spray or the sting of a police baton, and political protests can often make for angry crowds.
Not so in Hong Kong, where protesters will help you over a police barricade, recycle your water bottle, ply you with fruit, and never forget to say please and thank you.
It's tough to say for sure, but the pro-democracy demonstrators of the "Umbrella Revolution" might just be the world's nicest protesters.
The crowds camping out across Hong Kong have already set up a recycling system, and teenagers can be seen sorting through rubbish at every protest site. On Twitter, there are even photos of kids helping the trash man load his truck.
Some protesters have set about distributing food and water. Others are handing out face masks to help protect against tear gas, and grandmothers offer surplus umbrellas. In the local parks, protesters stick to sidewalks and don't trample the grass.
They are efficient, and unfailingly polite.
This reporter was told to "have a nice day" at least four times an hour.
High school students, still in their uniforms, pass out water in Admiralty.
Why are they so nice? Hong Kong has a long history of peaceful protest, and many of the students and young workers now speaking out in favor of free elections would have spent their childhoods attending annual July 1 marches, which are typically used to express dissatisfaction with Beijing.
And the city state is generally a polite and orderly society. People line up for buses and give up their seats to the elderly. Social harmony is a priority and violent crime is exceedingly rare.
Pro-democracy protesters work to gather and distribute supplies in Mongkok.
These values stand out even more in the wake of heavy-handed action by police on Sunday. After declaring the protests illegal, police fired volley after volley of tear gas at protesters, but failed to disperse them.
Many Hong Kong residents were shocked at the police action. But tensions have since eased considerably, and riot police have been pulled off the streets.
There are other signs of healing. After a thunderstorm rolled through on Tuesday evening, images surfaced of protesters sharing their umbrellas with police officers -- the same umbrellas that only two days earlier had been used to protect against pepper spray.
First Published: October 1, 2014: 4:42 AM ET
Most Popular

Big spenders with nothing to show for it (yet)Big spenders with nothing to show for it (yet)
By: Matt Krantz October 1, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
PhotoDisc
Investors realize companies have to spend money to make money. But some companies are ramping up their capital spending big time — and investors are still waiting to see the results.
There are seven companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including CA Technologies (CA) , defense contractor Northrop Grumman (NOC) and food company J.M. Smucker (SJM) that have boosted their capital spending over the past twelve months by 30% or more but revenue has fallen during the same time, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. Capital spending is money spent to improve or expand a company’s facilities.
It’s too soon to judge these companies’ capital spending plans. And in some ways, investors are applauding companies with the courage to plow money into their businesses to pay off in the future. Stronger capital spending was one of the drivers that prompted a third revision to second quarter real gross domestic product to 4.6% annualized, according to a report from Charles Schwab’s Liz Ann Sonders.
But there is scrutiny, too. Yahoo (YHOO) , for instance, has drawn the ire of activist investor Starboard for making big investments but not getting a return from them.
The company that’s boosting capital spending the most and still showing lower revenue is tech firm CA Technologies. The company spent $73 million on capital expenditures over the past 12 months, up 78% from the same period a year ago. But at the same time, revenue fell 3%. Investors aren’t seeing growth resuming anytime soon, calling for revenue in the next year to fall 3.1% and decline 0.8% a year on average over the next two years. Shares are down 17% this year.
Another example of rising capital spending and falling revenue is defense contractor, Northrop Grumman. The company ramped up capital spending by 58% over the past twelve months to $452 million. But during the past 12 months, revenue has slipped 4%. Analysts, too, are calling for revenue to fall 3.9% the next year and 3.1% on average over the next two years. The stock, though, is up 15% this year.
To be sure, these companies are investing money for the future. It can take years for investments on improvements to pan out. Take the case of food maker J.M. Smucker. The company’s revenue is down 5% over the past 12 months, despite boosting capital spending by 49% to $292 million. But analysts see that investment panning out soon, albeit slowly. Revenue is expected to grow 3.3% over the next year and 3.1% on average over the next two years.
There’s nothing wrong with spending money to make money. It’s a necessity of business — and frankly something more companies should be doing. But investors will eventually want to see results.
The seven companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 that have boosted capital spending by 30% or more over the past 12 months, but that revenue has fallen during the same time:
Company

WBBM-AM co-anchor Felicia Middlebrooks celebrates 30 years on air3
Middlebrooks worked her way through Purdue University at a steel mill, with assorted northwest Indiana radio gigs on the side, earning a bachelor’s degree in mass communications. In 1982, she was hired as an intern at CBS-owned WBBM-Ch.2, where she answered phones before becoming a desk assistant. She added freelance reporter duties for WBBM-AM in 1983, and a year later was named morning news co-anchor at the station.
Hiring a 27-year-old African-American woman to co-anchor morning drive on a network-owned news radio station was a bold move,  at least in 1984. It has certainly paid off, with Middlebrooks and her various partners delivering stellar results over three decades. In the most recent Nielsen audience ratings for Chicago, WBBM was the top-ranked station in mornings with an 8.1 share.
The Tribune sat down with Middlebrooks for a question-and-answer session. What follows is an edited transcript.
Q: You wake up every morning at 2:30 a.m. How much sleep do you get? 
A:  I generally operate on very little sleep — on average, maybe four or five hours a night, which is not good, but for me it works. As I’m getting older now I’m realizing that I need to get more sleep.
Q: It took you seven years to work your way through college, and you had worked at four radio stations by the time you were 24. What kept you going? 
A: I just thought if I keep driving at it, I’m going to be a terrific journalist someday. I didn’t know how it was going to happen, but my parents didn’t teach me to give up, otherwise I would have, because it was really difficult.
Q:  Did you see yourself as something of a pioneer when you were installed as morning drive co-anchor at WBBM? 
A:  I got this opportunity of a lifetime and I guess I was an accidental trailblazer. I was the first woman and the first person of color to co-anchor and it was tough, because I was doing it in an era when women were not supposed to be in morning drive.
Q: Did that add to the pressure to succeed?
A: It was a heavy burden for someone of that age. I was 27 and I don’t think I realized the gravity of what had happened to me. It was significant because I could not fail. If I failed, then that would say to my superiors, we gave a woman a chance, we gave a minority a chance, and they couldn’t cut it. So I was not about to let that happen. I had to be successful — I could not fail.
Q: What motivates you to keep working at it?   
A: I love what I do, I work with extraordinarily talented people. I believe iron sharpens iron, and so it makes me better. I just get up every morning with purpose. It’s a very necessary service ... just making sure people are armed with the information they need so they can make informed, intelligent decisions about their lives.
Q: What is the hardest part of doing morning drive radio for 30 years?
A: I think just waking up is the hardest part. That’s the challenge — to get going. Because once you’re there, I get this rush every morning. I come in there ready to roll. There’s a sense of obligation and purpose, and you know there are people waiting on you to help them start their morning.
rchannick@tribune.com

Stephen D. Krasner and Thomas Rissestephen d. krasner and thomas risse
FIIs can buy up to 45% stake in Apollo Tyres...Apollo Tyres Limited
(Apollo Tyres had passed…)
MUMBAI: Foreign investors have been allowed by the RBI to buy up to 45 per cent of the paid-up equity capital in Apollo Tyres.
"Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs), through primary market and stock exchanges, can now purchase up to 45 per cent of the paid-up capital of Apollo Tyres Limited under the Portfolio Investment Scheme (PIS)," RBI said in a notification.
The tyre manufacturer had passed resolutions at the board level and a special resolution agreeing to enhance the limit from 40 per cent to 45 per cent for purchase of its equity shares and convertible debentures by FIIs/RFPIs.
Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs), Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs), NRIs and PIOs (Persons of Indian Origins) can invest in primary and secondary capital markets in India through PIS.
The RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis.
To effectively monitor the limit, RBI has fixed cut-off points two percentage points lower than the actual ceiling. PTI KPM
The RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis.
To effectively monitor the limit, RBI has fixed cut-off points two percentage points lower than the actual ceiling.
Shares of the company closed 2.98 per cent lower at Rs 197 per scrip on the BSE today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wealth in Europe at record high of 56 tn eu...Wealth in Europe at record high of 56 trillion euros: Report
By Reuters | 1 Oct, 2014, 07.33PM IST
0
Share More
Wealth in Europe rose by 1.7 percent last year, exceeding the previous peak recorded prior to the 2007-2009 financial crisis.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Private wealth across Europe reached an all-time high of 56 trillion euros ($70.5 trillion) last year and is set to rise by a further 40 percent to almost 80 trillion by 2019, research conducted by a Swiss private bank showed.
Julius Baer's inaugural "Wealth Report: Europe" showed that despite recent concerns about economic malaise, Europe has maintained his role as one of the wealthiest region's in the world, its authors said.
Wealth in Europe rose by 1.7 percent last year, exceeding the previous peak recorded prior to the 2007-2009 financial crisis.
Germany, Britain, France and Italy accounted for almost three quarters of total net wealth, which is defined as gross financial assets, minus debt plus real assets.
Wealth levels per adult were highest in Luxembourg, where the average adult holds more than 400,000 euros compared with the European average was 167,100 per adult.
However the financial crisis took its toll in Spain and Greece. Around 1.4 trillion euros of wealth have been destroyed in Spain since 2007, it said.
Concerns were also raised that more wealth is becoming concentrated in fewer hands. The report said that more than half of the total wealth is held by the wealthiest 10 percent of European households.
"It is important to understand that excessive inequality slows a country's economic growth and weakens aggregate demand," Julius Baer's Chief Investment Officer Burkhard Varnholt wrote in the report.
He said the wealthy should consider investment opportunities that have clear social benefit to help inequality and youth unemployment.
Other investments include art, which has seen both volumes and value traded rise in the last decade. Julius Baer, which has its own art collection and a team of curators, said this has coincided with an increase in the number of high net worth individuals in China and other emerging markets.

Maruti Suzuki shares down 3 per centYou are here: Home > Collections > Scrip
Maruti Suzuki shares down 3 per cent
PTI Oct 1, 2014, 07.41PM IST
Tags:
Maruti Suzuki India
(Exports in September were…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Maruti Suzuki India today fell by over 3 per cent after its exports in September fell by 28.2 per cent.
Scrip of the country's largest car-maker was down 3.11 per cent to settle at Rs 2,968.90 on the BSE. In intra-day, it lost 3.45 per cent to Rs 2,958.35.
Maruti's stock was the top loser among the 30-Sensex scrips.
At the NSE, shares of Maruti fell by 3 per cent to close at Rs 2,971.
Maruti Suzuki India today reported 4.6 per cent increase in its total sales in September 2014 at 1,09,742 units as against 1,04,964 units in the same month previous year.
Domestic sales during the month stood at 99,290 units, up 9.8 per cent from 90,399 units in September previous year, Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) said in a statement.
Exports in September were down 28.2 per cent to 10,452 units from 14,565 units in the same month previous year, the company said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Meet Sway  the first Office app in a decadeMeet Sway, Microsoft's first new Office app in a decade
By James O'Toole   @jtotoole October 1, 2014: 9:01 AM ET
Ladies and gentleman, a Sway.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Move over, Word and PowerPoint. Get ready for the first new Microsoft Office program in 10 years.
Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) unveiled a new application Wednesday for creating and sharing documents across devices. It's called Sway, and it offers users the ability to instantly create slick-looking presentations viewable on any Web browser and device.
A "Sway," Microsoft says, is "an interactive, Web-based canvas that brings your ideas to life." It's designed so that "you're always done" -- images and text boxes are arranged and rearranged on the page automatically as they're added, maintaining a presentation-ready format.
The effect is striking. During a demonstration this week, photos and text dragged into a Sway document immediately took on the look of a professionally produced brochure.
Related: Under Ballmer, Clippers bench the iPads
Sway automatically rearranges documents -- called "Sways" in Microsoft parlance -- depending on what kind of device you're using, so that a memo you dash off on your smartphone still looks sharp on a desktop. You can also choose from a number of possible layouts -- for example, displaying photos in a slideshow, a grid or an interactive stack -- and cycle between them by clicking the "remix" button.
Adding media is a simple matter of dragging and dropping from sources like Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ), YouTube or your personal devices.
You share Sways via URLs generated by the program. They're viewable on any Web browser and on any device.
That's important because with Sway, Microsoft says it's targeting the more than 1 billion people worldwide who have smartphones but not computers.
Click these links to see a few examples (Microsoft account required):

Alactel Onetouch launches smartphone for Rs 1 990Alactel Onetouch launches smartphone for Rs 1,990
PTI
New Delhi, Oct 1:  
Handset maker Alcatel Onetouch has partnered Mozilla to launch a new smartphone, priced at just Rs 1,990.
Alcatel Onetouch’s claims the entry-level smartphone —— Fire C2G —— is the most affordable device in the category in India. The phone will be available exclusively through eCommerce major Flipkart.
“We see a great deal of opportunity to bring benefits to more consumers on a greater variety of devices at most affordable price,” Alcatel Onetouch Regional Director (APAC BU India) Praveen Valecha said.
The Fire C2G features a 3.5-inch screen, 1 Ghz processor, 1.3MP camera and comes with FM radio.
Other Firefox OS based smartphones available in India include Spice Fire One Mi FX1 (Rs 2,299) and Intex Firefox Cloud FX (Rs 1,999).
Software major Mozilla, which runs the Firefox browser, had showcased a smartphone prototype costing as little as $25 at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in February, targeting at developing countries including India and China.
Last month, feature phone maker Jivi had launched its first smartphone for Rs 1,999, aimed at the masses. It had claimed at the device was the cheapest Android—based smartphone available in the country.
Previously, Intex and Karbonn have launched sub Rs 3,000 smartphones based on the latest Android 4.4 KitKat operating system.
The Indian smartphone market is witnessing intense competition, especially in the affordable category.
Touted as the fastest growing smartphone market globally, over 44 million smartphones were sold in the country last year, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

`Gold imports may go up to 75 tonnes per month`Gold imports may go up to 75 tonnes per month’
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 1:  
The country’s gold imports are likely to rise to about 70—75 tonnes per month against the present average of 50—60 tonnes, a senior industry official said here.
“The gold and jewellery trade in the country is now brimming with confidence that gold imports into the country would rise to about 70 to 75 tonnes per month against the present average of 50 to 60 tonnes,” India Bullion & Jewellery Association (IBJA) spokesperson Harmesh Arora said in a statement here.
The optimism stems from the fact that the trend over the past five years has been encouraging — total demand averaging 800 tonnes per year, and this year will not be an exception, Arora said.
Short—term fluctuations are considered common in this sector, which are determined by the prevailing economic scenario and customer sentiments. Now that festive season is round the corner and with a stable government at the Centre, the next couple of years are predicted to be strong, Arora said.
IBJA is hosting the India International Bullion Summit 2014 on October 4 and 5 in Mumbai. The event will be attended by experts from India and other countries, who will be deliberating on relevant topics such as FDI investment in bullion and jewellery industry, changes needed in gold policy, among others.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

FPI debt investment cap to be raised in a steady manner: RajanFPI debt investment cap to be raised in a steady manner: Rajan
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 1:  
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said the cap on foreign portfolio investments in the government debt will be increased in a “steady” and “measured” manner.
“We want a steady increase in limits, a measured increase so that we understand what is happening and we see the market develop as these limits are increased. We do think FPIs are extremely important to market development,” he told analysts in a conference call today.
With FIIs reportedly exhausting over 95 per cent of the $25 billion investment limit in government debt, Rajan hinted that there is no need to increase the limit immediately.
“As short-term debt rolls over, that frees up more space in government bonds and so it’s not as if that space is completely shut out and over time we will re-examine and see what we can do,” he said.
It could be noted that the RBI had in July increased the investment caps for FIIs in government securities by $5 billion to $25 billion, within the total limit of $30 billion.
Meanwhile, RBI Deputy Governor Urjit Patel also said that the country is not in talks with global bond indices for an inclusion in the emerging markets category, even though there are obvious advantages like attracting more funds.
“Main issue which the index people are asking is to totally remove the ceiling on FPI investment in government bonds. Because of our capital account management issue, we are not in a position to do that but in a progressive manner we will increase,” Deputy Governor H R Khan explained.
Patel said that the country “did get a fillip” after the upgrade in revision in the outlook by S&P and added, “I think we are in pretty good shape without being a part of the index.”
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

RBI not biased towards either raising or cutting rates: RajanRaghuram Rajan, RBI Governor
MUMBAI, Oct 1:  
The Reserve Bank of India is not biased towards either raising or cutting interest rates, and its monetary policy stance will depend only on inflation data, central bank governor Raghuram Rajan told analysts in a conference call on Wednesday.
"As data comes in we will have a better view of what is happening and adjust accordingly, so I shouldn't assume that we're either biased towards raising rates or cutting rates at this point," Rajan said.
The RBI kept its key policy repo rate unchanged at 8.0 percent on Tuesday and said it will refrain from cutting interest rates until it is confident that consumer inflation can be reduced to a target of 6 per cent by January 2016.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Coalgate verdict could trigger reforms in the sector: Standard & Poor sE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Microsoft Devices expands Lumia rangeMicrosoft Devices expands Lumia range
BS Reporter | New Delhi Oct 02, 2014 12:46 AM IST
Microsoft Devices, erstwhile Nokia, on Wednesday, launched three new Lumia devices in the mid to high price points to cash in on the festive season across the country. The devices will be available in market over the next two weeks.
The company has priced Lumia 730 at Rs 15,299, the Lumia 830 at Rs 28,799 and flagship the Lumia 930 is priced at Rs 38,649. All the three devices fall in a category that accounts for a third of the total smartphone market in India.
At a time when the home-grown smartphone makers are focussing on bringing in more affordable handsets at price points below Rs 10,000 with Android One and the entry-level category with Firefox, Microsoft Devices has stuck to the mid-to-high end category. “We have devices across segments and we are democratising across price points. In the coming months, there will be more launches, including the affordable smartphones,” said Ajey Mehta, managing director, Nokia India Sales Pvt Ltd, a subsidiary of Mobiles Oy.
Mehta said Microsoft services like Skype, OneNote and Cortana will be available across most of the mid and high-end Lumia smartphones which would be a unique selling point. “The association of Microsoft and Nokia ensures better offering, and it would get better in coming days,” he added. The company will also offer 1TB of cloud storage free for the first six months bundled with all three new devices launched today. After the initial six mobnths, users will have to pay Rs 125 per month for the cloud space.
The company has so far sold 50 million Lumia devices and India has emerged as one of the top four markets for Microsoft Devices.
Lumia 930 was globally launched in April. The device comes with 20MP PureView camera with ZEISS optics and advanced Rich Recording, a 2.2GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor, 2GB RAM and 32 GB internal storage. Lumia 830 comes with 10MP camera wth Carl Zeiss optic, 1.2GHz Snapdragon quad-core processor, 1GB RAM and 16GB internal storage. Lumia 730 is a dual SIM model and the most affordable device with wireless charging. The device is being labelled as the phone for 'selfies and skype'.

FMC to make electronic contract note a part of KYCFMC to make electronic contract note a part of KYC
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 10:33 PM IST
The commodity derivatives market regulator, Forward Markets Commission (FMC), has proposed to make electronic contract notes (ECN) a part of know your client (KYC) documents. The FMC has sought public comment on the proposal by October 10.
A contract note is a confirmation of trade in equity shares completed on a particular day for, and on behalf of, a client. The broker must send the note to the client within 24 hours of the execution of the trade.
The FMC received requests from  clients and members for this: It will be more convenient and time-saving for new clients. The matter was also discussed in a meeting on August 22 with managing directors and chief executive officers of exchanges. It was agreed to provide relief to new clients.
The FMC had allowed members to issue contract notes authenticated by digital signatures, provided the broker had obtained the digital signature certificate from the certifying authority.
The ECN, however, continued to remain optional for clients. It can be revoked by the client.
The FMC emphasised all ECNs sent through email shall be digitally signed and encrypted. If the clients do not wish to receive the notes in the electronic form, the member shall continue to send in the physical form.

Trading volume declines ahead of holidaysTrading volume declines ahead of holidays
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 10:43 PM IST
Trading turnover on the National Stock Exchange and BSE on Tuesday witnessed a sharp decline as most traders stayed away ahead of the holidays. The Indian market will remain shut from Thursday till Monday on account of holidays and will re-open on Tuesday. 
The cash market turnover on NSE and BSE combined stood at Rs 15,573 crore, down 26 per cent compared to the average daily turnover in September. The derivatives turnover at Rs 109,834 crore was nearly 60 per cent lower compared to the average daily turnover last month.
Brokers said that most participants refrained from taking large positions on account of the holidays amid rising global risk.

WNS renews contract with Aviva for another five yearsWNS renews contract with Aviva for another five years
BS Reporter | Pune Oct 02, 2014 08:53 PM IST
WNS (Holdings), a provider of global Business Process Management (BPM) services, today announced its contract renewal with Aviva.
The contract that would be expiring on November 16, 2016 has been renewed for an additional five years until March 31, 2022 on mutually acceptable terms. Financial details of the deal were not disclosed.
“We look forward to continue being an extension of Aviva’s enterprise delivering innovative solutions to their global business operations,” said Keshav R. Murugesh, Group CEO, WNS. It had acquired Aviva’s captive centres in India and Sri Lanka in 2008 for $230 million.
Along with the acquisition WNS also secured business worth $1 billion for a period of eight years from Aviva.  According to analyst contract renewal is going to be a key focus area for 2014 as several large deal are coming up for renewal.
According to data from ISG, a company that tracks outsourcing, $112.95 billion of infotech contracts are due for renewal in 2014. The share of Indian vendors in this is 16 per cent, a business opportunity of about $18 billion. India’s share in the renewal market will range between 16 and 18% over three years, ISG has said.

Alactel Onetouch launches Firefox smartphone for Rs 1 990Alactel Onetouch launches Firefox smartphone for Rs 1,990
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 01, 2014 07:30 PM IST
Handset maker Alcatel Onetouch has partnered Mozilla to launch a new smartphone, priced at just Rs 1,990.
Alcatel Onetouch's claims the entry-level smartphone -- Fire C2G -- is the most affordable device in the category in India. The phone will be available exclusively through eCommerce major Flipkart.
"We see a great deal of opportunity to bring benefits to more consumers on a greater variety of devices at most affordable price," Alcatel Onetouch Regional Director (APAC BU India) Praveen Valecha said.
The Fire C2G features a 3.5-inch screen, 1 Ghz processor, 1.3MP camera and comes with FM radio.
Other Firefox OS based smartphones available in India include Spice Fire One Mi FX1 (Rs 2,299) and Intex Firefox Cloud FX (Rs 1,999).
Software major Mozilla, which runs the Firefox browser, had showcased a smartphone prototype costing as little as USD 25 at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in February, targeting at developing countries including India and China.
Last month, feature phone maker Jivi had launched its first smartphone for Rs 1,999, aimed at the masses. It had claimed at the device was the cheapest Android-based smartphone available in the country.
Previously, Intex and Karbonn have launched sub Rs 3,000 smartphones based on the latest Android 4.4 KitKat operating system.
The Indian smartphone market is witnessing intense competition, especially in the affordable category.
Touted as the fastest growing smartphone market globally, over 44 million smartphones were sold in the country last year, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn.
According to research firm IDC, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India in Q2 2014 with Samsung as the leader with a 29 percent market share, Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent) and Lava (6 per cent).

NephroPlus to expand to overseasNephroPlus to expand to overseas
BS Reporter | Chennai Oct 01, 2014 07:30 PM IST
NephroPlus, kidney care clinics network brand backed by PE firms Bessemer Venture Partners and International Finance Corporation (IFC), is planning to expand its operations to the neighbouring countries and tie up with various State governments in India in near future.
The company is looking at plans to expand operations to overseas, especially in the neighbouring countries where affordable kidney care options are required, and would have a pilot project established in one of the neighbouring countries by 2015, said Sandeep Gudibanda, co-founder and director, business development, NephroPlus.
"The overseas project would be in a pilot basis, mostly in partnership with a local player, who might be in a related sector," he said, while adding that the details are yet to be finalised. The company today launched its 29th dialysis centre in Chennai, in Vee Care Sundar Hospitals. Plans are to add eight more centres in next 45 days, he added.
Besides, the company would also be looking at tie up with State governments and hospitals, where it can manage the dialysis centres cost effectively for the hospitals, through public private partnership. It is currently managing an ESI facility and a hospital in Andhra Pradesh an is working on managing two more centres in Mandhya Pradesh and Goa for the State governments.
"Many of the hospitals, be it in government or in private sector, are losing their money on dialysis and kidney care as there is no economies of scale of specific expertise. We are open to work with them if they outsource it to us, where we have the economies of scale," he added.
The company is looking at expanding its network to 500 centres in next five years, and to achieve this it has a plan to raise around $30-35 million through a Series C funding after two years.
It has recently completed raising around $10 million in a Series B funding, $3 million from Bessemer Venture Partners and $7 million from IFC, an arm of the World Bank. This is expected to support the company to set up 150 centres in three years. It had a Seried A funding from Bessemer Venture Partners, of an undisclosed amount.
There are around 18 lakh people in the country facing health issues related to kidney failure and require dialysis, while only 1.5 lakh people are currently availing the service. Many of the rest are not aware of the disease while others would skip of default the treatment as it is expensive, with around Rs 30,000 required for dialysis every month.

Steel firms cautious on price cutsSteel firms cautious on price cuts
Mahesh Kulkarni | Bangalore Oct 01, 2014 10:32 PM IST
Even as JSW Steel announced a cut in prices of flat and long steel products to compete with heavy imports, mainly from China, and cope with a slump in demand, other domestic producers kept watching demand-supply.
The reason for these to hold on to their present prices is the rise in input costs. For the past few months, steel makers have been facing cost pressures, particularly after the recent Budget announcement of a rise in the import duty on coking coal and higher iron-ore prices sold through e-auctions. With the ministry of railways imposing busy-season surcharge from October 1, the mills do not see merit in reducing prices immediately.
“There is no case for a cut in prices as of now. Already, our prices are in line with the market,” an Essar Steel spokesperson said.
Though the domestic market is flooded with low-quality, cheaper products, Tata Steel has seen fairly good sales during the first half of this financial year.
“We have done well in the first half of the financial year. Our sales have gone up 22 per cent and there was good demand from the automobile sector for flat-steel products. Markets are looking up and we expect good demand for even long products during the second half after Diwali,” Tata Steel sources said.
Steel Authority of India (SAIL) and Jindal Steel and Power Ltd are likely to hold on to their prices, sources said.
However, JSW Steel, announced Rs 500-750 per tonne reduction in their flat products and Rs 1,000 per tonne for their long products for October. This is the second price cut in long products announced by the company in a month.
Flat-steel products are widely used in the automobile and consumer durable goods sectors. Long products are mainly used in the construction and infrastructure sectors, witnessing sluggish demand.
“We have been witnessing an increase in cheap imports. TMT bars are imported in the guise of alloy bars from China. The imported products are cheaper by at least Rs 5,000-6,000 per tonne. The volatility in currency, which has depreciated by 1.6 per cent in a month has caused lot of difficulty for makers,” Jayant Acharya, director, commercial and marketing, JSW Steel, said.
“Between April and August, the country imported 3.2 million tonnes, a growth of 23 per cent over a year ago. In August, imports were 870,000 tonnes. For the first half of the current financial year, imports are likely to be four million tonnes.”
Compared to exports of 2.5 million tonnes during the first five months of the current fiscal, the country has emerged net importer of steel products during the period, Acharya said.
The Chinese steel mills have reduced their prices of HR Coils to $440 per tonne compared to $600 per tonne in February and March this year. Compared to these prices, Indian steel makers are selling their products in the range of $600 per tonne.
“With this kind of price incentive offered by Chinese mills it is very difficult for the domestic steel mills to compete. Domestic steel producers, which are using only local iron ore, are unlikely to cut the prices as the prices of key raw material are still very high compared to spot market prices,” Prakash Duvvuri, Head of Research, OreTeam Research, a Delhi-based iron ore research firm said.

Hong Kongs special status stretched to limitHong Kong’s special status is stretched to its limit
By David Pilling
At issue is the result of collusion between local tycoons and their communist friends in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/885fa344-48b6-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xi unlikely to get directly involved in HKXi Jinping embraces old guard as Hong Kong challenges party rule
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
China president unlikely to get directly involved
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1bacc8cc-48a6-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks and euro soft ahead of ECBGlobal stocks hit by growth concerns
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1238f114-4912-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK family group snaps up Canary Wharf propertyHK family group snaps up Canary Wharf site
By John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25882490-4932-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Guest post: Chinas property is slowing  not crashingSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

BNG plans first green bond issueBNG to join growing ‘green bond’ issuer ranks
By Elaine Moore and Andrew Bolger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ac0c0532-47ce-11e4-be7b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New York and London vie for world titleNew York and London vie for crown of world’s top financial centre
By Michael Pooler in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b388de4c-174b-11e4-87c0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

KPMG gains legal services licenceKPMG gains legal services licence
By Harriet Agnew, City Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aae1ec8c-48b2-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU rebuffs Putin revision of Ukraine dealEU slaps down Putin bid to revise Ukraine trade deal
By Christian Oliver in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/473da4ec-4965-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mummies nurture Nestl in DR CongoPower of the ‘mummies’ key to Nestlé’s strategy in DR Congo
By Katrina Manson in Kinshasa
The global consumer group adapts to local tastes and targets micro-entrepreneurs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cf75ab26-4270-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Turkey needs a restrictive monetary policy  OECDSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Hong Kongs status is being stress-testedHong Kong’s special status is stretched to its limit
By David Pilling
At issue is the result of collusion between local tycoons and their communist friends in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/885fa344-48b6-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A feeble Brics challenge to the dollarOctober 1, 2014 10:55 am
The Brics bank is a feeble strike against dollar hegemony
By Benn Steil
If the club is to improve on Bretton Woods it will have to do better than this, writes Benn Steil
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c84425c-48a9-11e4-9d04-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks slump sharply on weak data  Ebola jittersWednesday,  1 Oct 2014 |  4:30  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Markets now: Traders are nervous
Dissecting the current market environment for the first trading day of the new quarter, with the FMHR traders.
U.S. stocks declined sharply on Wednesday, with the fourth quarter starting off on a dour note after the S&P 500's seventh quarterly gain, as investors fretted global concerns, mixed U.S. economic data and earnings ahead.
Benchmark indexes posted their worst beginning to October since 2011 as investors sought safety in U.S. Treasury bonds and gold,with the CBOE Volatility Index , a measure of investor uncertainty, rising. The Russell 2000 fell into correction territory, down 10 percent from its July record.
"In the here and now, there are too many global-macro concerns for investors to have confidence," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities, listing worries about ISIS, Ukraine and Russia, the slowdown in China "and ebola, which is causing things like airline stocks to go down."
Read More Fear factors that are crushing stocks
"As we sit on the eve of earnings season, and we had a bunch of weaker economic data today, and as you look at continued weakness in Europe, there is concern of does it bleed into earnings. It raises some doubt for investors as to what the earnings picture will look like," said Jim Dunigan, managing executive, investments, at PNC Wealth Management.
"October is a ghostly month anyway," Dunigan added.
Read More October off to its worst start in three years
"It's hard to get constructive with headlines of airstrikes in different parts of the world, so there are some doubts about what the economic environment looks like, particularly as we end the asset-purchase program," said PNC's Dunigan, referring to the Federal Reserve's bond buys, which are on track to conclude later this month.
Biotech companies involved in developing Ebola drugs rose, with Tekmira Pharmaceuticals and Sarepta Therapeutics among those rallying. Carriers including Delta Air Lines and JetBlue Airways fell on worries the disease might curb air travel . EBay slid after JPMorgan Chase and Jefferies Group downgraded shares of the online auctioneer.
"Will somebody decide not to go to Dallas? Maybe. I don't see that as a lasting situation," said Dunigan of the U.S. city where the first confirmed U.S. case of Ebola is hospitalized.
The Institute for Supply Management reported its manufacturing index hit 56.6 last month.
A separate report had construction spending dipping 0.8 percent in August.
"At least for today the economic data are a mixed bag; ISM manufacturing and spending could be characterized as weaker than expected," said Hogan.
U.S. private employers created 213,000 jobs last month, with the ADP National Employment Report roughly in line with expectations and coming ahead of Friday's nonfarm payrolls for September.
Symbol

Forget Ebola. This is the viral epidemic that should really terrify AmericansIt's a heck of a lot more contagious than Ebola.(AP Photo)
SHARE
Gwynn Guilford @sinoceros
October 1, 2014
The first patient to come down with the deadly Ebola virus has turned up in Dallas. On Sep. 19, the patient had traveled there from Liberia, which along with Guinea and Sierra Leone is one of three West African countries ravaged by the virus. He’s not actually the first Ebola patient to be in the US; four American medical missionaries working in the region have been evacuated to the US for treatment since the summer. And though we’ve already discussed why it’s highly unlikely that the virus will spread, the fact that the patient was symptomatic for at least four days before being placed in isolation is likely to press the American panic button.
But if Americans really want a viral epidemic to freak out about, here it is:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Yes, measles—the same virus that was eliminated from the US in 2000. Spread through the air, measles—which causes respiratory system infections, rash, and in some cases, encephalitis—is many, many times more contagious than Ebola. The US was able to eliminate native strains of the measles virus thanks to several nationwide childhood vaccination campaigns. But the disease still strikes Americans because, like the unfortunate Dallas patient, people bring viral strains into the US all the time. And those foreign strains can infect people who are unvaccinated. Typically, that’s meant those who are too young for the vaccination or those with an allergy or another illness that has compromised their immune system.
But in the three biggest outbreaks in 2014, the virus was transmitted when someone introduced a measles strain from outside the US into communities where pockets of people had refused vaccination because of philosophical, religious, or personal beliefs, according to the CDC. Of the 195 US residents who contracted measles and were unvaccinated as of May 23, 85% had declined immunization on those grounds, versus 68% from 2004 to 2008  (pdf).
Share
Tap image to zoom
Percentage of US residents with measles who were unvaccinated by reason for not receiving the vaccination (Jan. 1-May 23, 2014)(Centers for Disease Control)
The recent surge in measles arguably is due to the anti-vaccine movement, led primarily by celebrities like Jenny McCarthy, who has espoused the baldly erroneous belief that measles vaccinations cause autism . The former co-host of “The View” has since shifted the emphasis of her position that she supports vaccines, but not the medically accepted vaccination schedule ; however, as this pediatrician argues, “the damage has been done.”
The fact that many parents in wealthy enclaves in California are declining to vaccinate their children helped spur an outbreak there earlier this year. In one small school in Sausalito, near San Francisco, just 26% of incoming kindergarteners arrived vaccinated ; the CDC’s target is 90%.
 
Share
Tap image to zoom
The number and percentage of US measles cases not directly imported has picked up in recent years.(Centers for Disease Control)
The 592 cases reported thus far in 2014 are a far cry from the measles incidence before the vaccination campaign started, in 1963. Back then,  about 550,000 Americans came down with the virus each year; around 500 of those people died. But it’s still the highest number of cases since measles was “eliminated.” As if measles weren’t scary enough, whooping cough (a.k.a. pertussis ) and other pernicious (commonly) childhood diseases are also on the rise. As a study last year of a 2010 California whooping cough outbreak found, more people declined to vaccine their children for “nonmedical reasons” than any year since 1947 , when the vaccine was introduced.
Share this:

Jayalalithaa eats simple food  reads newspapers in prisonJayalalithaa eats simple food, reads newspapers in prison
PTI
Tweet
Bangalore, Oct 1:  
AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa is keeping good health and eating simple food besides reading newspapers at the Parapanna Agrahara Central prison where she is lodged after conviction in the disproportionate assets case, according to a jail official.
“Everything you are hearing outside, it is not true. She is stable and keeping good health, but she is eating simple food,” the official told PTI, dismissing speculation about her well being.
Asked what food items were served to her, the official said the former Chief Minister ate one or two chappatis, bread, milk or biscuits, everyday.
Contrary to reports that Jayalalithaa was ordering food from outside, he said, “There is no truth in it. We are giving her the food. She is not ordering food from outside.”
Asked about the medical arrangements made in the jail, the official said there are six doctors in the prison, who regularly attend to the medical needs of the jail mates, including Jayalalithaa.
Jayalalithaa, who is now prisoner number 7402 at the jail, wakes up early in the morning and takes a stroll in the premises of the prison, the official said.
The 66-year-old three-time chief minister, who has been allotted VVIP cell number 23 of the prison, also reads newspapers without fail, he said.
Replying to another question, the official said Jayalalithaa continued not to meet anybody including AIADMK leaders or supporters even today.
“Even, she (Jayalalithaa) did not feel like meeting Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam, who was in the city yesterday,” the official said.
Meanwhile, Jayalalithaa failed to get any immediate relief from the Karnataka High Court, which deferred until October 7 a hearing on her plea for immediate bail.
Other convicts Jayalalithaa’s close aide Sasikala Natarajan, her relatives Elavarasi and Sudhakaran have been given prisoner numbers 7403, 7404 and 7405 respectively.
Sudhakaran has been allocated a VIP cell next to former Karnataka Tourism Minister and Mining baron G Janardhana Reddy.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

SC verdict on coal mines could trigger reforms in sector: S&PSC verdict on coal mines could trigger reforms in sector: S&P
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 01, 2014 06:31 PM IST
The recent cancellation of coal block allocations by the Supreme Court provides an opportunity for the government to reform the process of awarding coal mines in the country, S&P said today.
"Standard & Poor's believes a transparent allocation policy will play an important role in determining the profitability and strategy of coal consuming companies," the global credit ratings agency said.
"This, combined with a streamlined process for getting environmental clearances and approvals for land acquisition, would give these companies the confidence to invest and revive their long-pending projects," it said in a report - 'Supreme Court Ruling Could Ignite Reforms In India's Coal Sector'.
The ruling could lead to an improved process for allocating coal mines and boosting the supply of coal in a country that faces a severe shortage of the fuel, S&P credit analyst Mehul Sukkawala said.
Last week, the apex court cancelled all but four of the 218 coal blocks that the government had allocated between 1993 and 2010.
The apex court had observed that the allocation was arbitrary, illegal, and resulted in unfair distribution of national wealth.
"We believe the cancellation of coal blocks increases near-term uncertainty for the operations and investment plans of companies that were either allocated the mines or were expecting to source coal from them," said Sukkawala.
He added that it could also hurt the significantly improved investor sentiment in India following the change in the government earlier this year.
The S&P report published today also said a transparent process to allocate coal mines is likely to involve an auction, just as the government did for telecom spectrum.
The government could also extend the solution for coal miners to the mining of iron ore, bauxite, and other minerals, it said, adding that doing so can help the country take a big step toward resolving issues plaguing the mining sector for the past few years.

ACB India files initial IPO papers with SebiACB India files initial IPO papers with Sebi
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Oct 01, 2014 07:50 PM IST
Coal washing company ACB (India) Ltd has filed draft documents with market regulator Sebi for an initial public offer of more than three crore shares.
It is the 14th company to file initial papers with the Securities and Exchange Board of India this year to garner funds through the IPO route.
ACB (India) plans to enter the capital markets with a public issue of up to 30,940,000 equity shares of face value of Rs 10 each, as per its Draft Red Herring Prospectus (DRHP).
It said the company will have "Initial Public Offering of up to 30,940,000 equity shares having a face value of Rs 10 each...Through an offer for sale of up to 30,940,000 equity shares".
The sale offer will be made by Pineridge Investment, Ganesh Chandra Mrig and Ashok Mrig collectively referred to as as the selling shareholders in the company.
According to the Delhi-based company, the purpose of the IPO is to achieve the benefits of listing the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges and for the sale of up to 30,940,000 Equity Shares by the selling shareholders.
"Further, our company expects that listing of the equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges will enhance its visibility and brand image and provide liquidity to its existing shareholders," ACB India said in the draft document.
"Our Company will not receive any proceeds of the Offer and all the proceeds of the Offer will go to the selling shareholders," it added.
Edelweiss Financial Services, Macquarie Capital Securities are the lead managers, while Link Intime India is the registrar to the issue.
The company has received in-principle approvals from NSE and BSE for listing of its shares.
Going by the details in the DRHP, ACB (India) is the largest coal washing company in India, with an aggregate design beneficiation capacity, on a proportional basis, of 62.57 MTPA, as of August 2014.
The company has nearly 16 years of experience in the coal beneficiation business and has 17 beneficiation plants, which are located across the states of Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh.
Lavasa Corp, Adlabs Entertainment, GMR Energy, Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd, Sharda Cropchem, Monte Carlo Fashions, Uniparts India, PNC Infratech, C L Educate, Videocon D2H are some of the firms that have filed IPO papers so far this year.

Ranbaxy launches acne treatment capsules in the US marketRanbaxy launches acne treatment capsules in the US market
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 01, 2014 07:40 PM IST
Drug firm Ranbaxy Laboratories today launched Absorica capsules used for treatment of severe acne in the American market.
Ranbaxy Laboratories Inc, a subsidiary of the company has announced the launch of Absorica capsules in the strengths of 25 mg and 35 mg in the US market.
"The product is licensed to Ranbaxy from Cipher Pharmaceuticals Inc," Ranbaxy Laboratories said in a statement.
Ranbaxy North America Brand Division Vice President Ashish Anvekar said: "Since isotretinoin dosing is weight- based, we are most pleased to make available these valuable, additional dosing options exclusively for Absorica."
This will give prescriber's the enhanced flexibility, to tailor the isotretinoin therapy depending on the patient's weight, and benefit the group of patients who are in that weight range, irrespective of their dietary intake, he added.
"The capsules are indicated for the treatment of severe recalcitrant nodular acne in patients 12 years of age and older," the company said.
The medicine must not be used by female patients who are or may become pregnant. Absorica is only available through a restricted distribution program called iPLEDGE, it added.
In April, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries had announced to acquire Ranbaxy Laboratories in a $4-billion deal.

Rousseff backed amid shift to the leftRousseff backed as shift to the left prompts fears for Brazil’s markets
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5db6270e-495a-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japan Post IPO blow for BoA and DeutscheJapan Post IPO blow for BoA and Deutsche
By Ben McLannahan and Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a8c74594-4972-11e4-9d7e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ratlam twin murders: Police arrests five Muslim youthsPrint
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: October 1, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 8:19 pm
Ruling out any connection between an attempt on the life of a Muslim councilor and the murders of a Bajrang Dal leader and his employee within couple of hours in Ratlam town on Saturday, the police have arrested five Muslim youths in connection with the twin murders.
The five, two of them with criminal history, were remanded in police custody for five days on Wednesday. The police have launched a hunt for two persons, Hyder, who is believed to be related to councilor Yasmin Sherani, and his accomplice Rizwan, saying they were the brain behind the right-wing activist’s murder.
State Congress leader Sherani is being treated at a private hospital in Indore after she was shot at by masked men near the Ratlam Municipal Corporation building in broad daylight. The shooting was followed by incidents of arson and damage to government property by her supporters.
Within couple of hours Bajrang Dal leader Kapil Rathod, who owns a restaurant at the Ratlam bus stand, and his employee Pukhraj Paliwal were attacked by a group of masked men wielding country-made guns and at least one knife. While Kapil and Pukhraj were declared dead late in the night, Kapil’s brother Vikram, who also suffered injuries, is being treated at a hospital in Indore.
Ratlam SP Ashish Kumar told The Indian Express that Hyder wanted to settle an old score with Rathod but made it look like retaliation for the attack on the Muslim councilor. He said the two incidents were not related but an attempt was made to whip up communal feelings. The police said they are yet to find out who was involved in the attack on the councilor.
Curfew was clamped in the town by Saturday evening and after enforcing it strictly for the first two days, the district administration has started relaxing it gradually. The administration had issued passes when Rathod’s funeral took place on Sunday. A local BJP legislator had a tough time at the crematorium when he was reportedly heckled by Bajrang Dal activists.
The police are yet to arrest Hyder and Rizwan. Three of the five men-Musaif, 24, Nasir, 26, Yahya, 29, Jahir, 26, and Asif alias Musa, 26, arrested on Monday were involved in the killing.
The SP said Hyder’s arrest would prove crucial to the case. The accused were identified from CCTV footage and the police have recovered a two-wheeler, a firearm and a knife so far.
A year ago a complaint had been lodged against Hyder at the instance of Kapil, 25, after an altercation. The full details about the altercation are yet to emerge but Hyder held a grudge against Kapil, who was active in campaign against cow slaughter.
The police rules out any connection between an attempt on the life of the Muslim councilor and the murders.

BJP hints at new arithmetic emerging in Maharashtra Assembly pollsComments
Congress and NCP looted Maharashtra for 15 years and people will ensure they don't return to power," Prakash Javadekar said. (Source: PTI)
The October 15 Assembly polls in Maharashtra would see ‘a new arithmetic’ emerging, BJP leader and Union Minister Prakash Javadekar said here on Wednesday.
“These elections are going to be different… a new arithmetic will be seen. People will vote for good governance,” he told reporters.
The two long-standing alliances around which the state’s  politics was revolving for the last many years — Congress-NCP and Shiv Sena-BJP — broke up last month.
“Congress and NCP looted Maharashtra for 15 years and people will ensure they don’t return to power,” he said.
Asked to comment on reports of ‘secret deal’ between BJP and NCP, Javadekar said, “These claims are absolutely false. It was BJP which fought against the corruption of the Congress-NCP regime.”
Taking on NCP chief Sharad Pawar, Javadekar said, “Pawar practices secular politics for four years and nine months, and for the remaining three months (ahead of the elections), he practices casteist politics.”
Asked about Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray’s reported remarks that the 25-year-old Sena-BJP alliance would not have split had Rajnath Singh been the BJP president, Javadekar said, “I don’t want to comment. We tried our best to salvage the alliance. Now that stage has passed and the train has left the platform.”
BJP will undertake a statewide poll campaign which will use digital media, street plays, folk arts. There would be 150 video vans, he said.
‘Poll alerts’ will be sent to three crore mobile phone subscribers, he added.
“Our theme will be ‘Rashtra Ke Saath Maharashtra’ (Maharashtra with the nation), he said, adding, “voters have given us power in Centre. Now we are asking them to give us power in Maharashtra too.”
Javadekar also released BJP’s poll campaign song, sung by Swapnil Bandodkar.

NSEL scam: Court orders auction of stock of ...Financial Technologies Group
(The special court also said…)
MUMBAI: A court here has directed the competent authority formed under the Maharashtra Protection of Investors Deposits (MPID) Act to auction the stock of one of the borrowers in relation to the Rs 5,600 crore NSEL scam .
Special MPID judge D P Surana's order came during the hearing of an application filed by NSEL seeking direction to Metkore Alloys and Industries Limited and its managing director to sign the required authorisation-cum-undertaking.
The special court also said the competent authority will auction the stock of ferro-chrome, weighing about 14,243 tones.
The competent authority was also directed to deposit the sale proceeds of auction in escrow account. The auction is to be completed in two months.
MCX promoter Jignesh Shah was arrested in the case by the Economic Offences Wing and was granted bail last August. The scam came to light when NSEL (a part of the Financial Technologies Group founded by Shah) faced a payment crisis and nearly 18,000 of its investors allegedly lost millions of rupees.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1uBrvRuLog out Sign In FAQ
Where the jobs are: The new blue collar
More than 2.5 million good-paying jobs will be created in the next few years. Will workers know how to get them?
MaryJo Webster, USA TODAY
Email
Comment
Joseph Poole will make more than $100,000 in wages and overtime by the end of the year.
The 21-year-old works in what looks like NASA's mission control, monitoring the manufacturing process at Chevron Phillips petrochemical plant in Houston. Poole didn't get the job with the engineering degree he originally considered. Instead, Poole landed it with a two-year course at a local community college.
"The potential to make just as much money as an engineer, but for half the cost of the education, was here," Poole says. "Just seeing firsthand how things are made is something I really enjoy doing."
By 2017, an estimated 2.5 million new, middle-skill jobs like Poole's are expected to be added to the workforce, accounting for nearly 40% of all job growth, according to a USA TODAY analysis of local data from Economic Modeling Specialists Intl. and CareerBuilder.
Not all pay as much as Poole's, but all pay at least $13 an hour; many pay much more. These jobs require some training but far less school than a bachelor's degree. Technology has given many a makeover, leaving them worlds away from their assembly-line predecessors and challenging the notion that good blue-collar jobs are dead and that the only path to a good career is a four-year degree.
Joe Poole describes his job as a petrochemical process operator at Chevron Phillips Chemical in Houston. VPC
"There's a new middle. It's tougher, and takes more skill," says Anthony Carnevale, director of the Georgetown University Center on Education and the Workforce.
USA TODAY looked at jobs data in 125 of the nation's largest metros, finding that prospects look good.
• Houston is expected to add more than 100,000 middle-skill jobs by 2017, with 40% paying $20 per hour or more. Several other Texas metros — Dallas, McAllen, Austin, Killeen and San Antonio — are among those expecting the fastest growth in middle-skill jobs.
• Atlanta needs construction workers, lighting experts and others to work in its fast-growing film industry. Skill is required, but not necessarily film experience for the 77,000 film workers (average pay $84,000) and support personnel in 2012, who turned out movies such as The Fast and the Furious and The Hunger Games franchises, according to the Motion Picture Association of America.
• In Augusta, Ga., Salt Lake City, Knoxville, Tenn., and Vallejo, Calif., livable-wage, middle-skill jobs will be the primary driver for overall job growth, accounting for nearly half of all new jobs.
• In most metro areas, some of the best-paying middle-skill jobs include radiation therapists, elevator installers and repairers,  and dental hygienists, all with a median wage of more than $70,000.
• In such places as Texas and North Dakota where the gas and oil industries are booming, petroleum workers are needed. But so are the electricians, pipefitters, carpenters and others who build the infrastructure.
"This country is facing a shortage of that kind of talent. So the demand is there, big time, " says Peter Cella, CEO of Chevron Phillips Chemical. Chevron and competitor ExxonMobil Chemical are both building giant plants that will triple the output of plastics from Houston. "What we need to work on is the supply."
The loss of blue-collar jobs — accelerated by the recent recession — has resulted in the "hollowing out of the middle," which has left behind either low-paying jobs or higher-paying jobs that require significant skills say some economists. But some economists say the middle is not gone; rather, it's growing.
"We have not become a barbell economy," says  Paul Osterman, an economist and professor at the MIT Sloan School. "There will be tremendous demand for these jobs when the Baby Boom generation retires ." Currently, Boomers make up about 20% of the workforce.
Although manufacturing jobs have declined 35% since 1980, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, there's actually been a resurgence in recent years as American companies have found that moving jobs offshore was not a good approach for production that requires highly skilled labor.
"There's a lot of re-shoring," says Andrew Crapuchettes, CEO of Economic Modeling Specialists Intl. "They're coming back, but they are coming back different. More technician jobs, which pay more. There may be fewer jobs, but they are better jobs."
But that means more training, given that nearly 80% of the new blue-collar jobs require some, typically less than a year, according to Carnevale's research . Some companies can provide it, but many require prospective workers to find their own classes.
Even in red-hot Houston, you'll need training.
“Having people that have the right skillset … that wakes me up at 3 o'clock in the morning.”
Erick Ajax, co-owner of E.J. Ajax Manufacturing
"If you have no skills, you're not necessarily going to pop down here and find a job," says Cally Graves, senior industry liaison for the Gulf Coast Workforce Board in Houston. "You need to get some training or education … otherwise, you'll end up in the same old situation you were in back home."
At E.J. Ajax, a precision manufacturing company near Minneapolis, training eats up 5% of the company's payroll, just to ensure a pipeline of workers is available to move up as employees retire.
"The global competition doesn't keep me up at night," says Erick Ajax, co-owner and grandson of the founder. "I know we can go toe-to-toe with any company in the world. But having people that have the right skill set … that wakes me up at 3 o'clock in the morning."
Society's push to get all young people into four-year colleges — what William Symonds calls the "one road to heaven" approach — contributes to a shortage of skilled workers.
"People degrade or demean jobs that don't require a four-year degree. …That's not what they want their kids to do," says Symonds, who is launching the Global Pathways Institute at Arizona State University to study this issue and urge policymakers to help students find the best "pathway" to success.
At the same time, high schools have dropped vocational and technical education programs over the past 30 years, eliminating a key way young people are introduced to these careers.
Mike Rowe, host of "Somebody’s Gotta Do It" and "Dirty Jobs," talks about the new blue-collar jobs. WXIA-TV, Atlanta, for USA TODAY
"Over the last 40 or 50 years, we've portrayed work differently and we reward some forms of education far more passionately than others," says Mike Rowe, host of Somebody's Gotta Do It and Dirty Jobs. After working blue-collar jobs across the country for his show, Rowe started a foundation, mikeroweWORKS, to address the image problem.
"Higher education is in one column and everything else is called alternative. And those kinds of pursuits are reserved for people who are somehow deficient or somehow not cut out for the desirable path."
“What's aspirational about 'middle skill'? It's going to take a generation to get people to really challenge the stereotypes. ”
Mike Rowe, 'Somebody's Gotta Do it' and 'Dirty Jobs' host
Rowe worries there are too many young people going to four-year colleges, racking up huge amounts of debt and ultimately ending up unemployed, when they could've taken a less-expensive path and ended up with a good-paying job.
Rowe also points out that language matters.
"What's aspirational about 'middle skill'?" says Rowe. "It's going to take a generation to get people to really challenge the stereotypes that come along with skilled-labor type jobs."
Change won't happen without students getting better information about career planning, says Andy Van Kleunen, executive director of the National Skills Coalition .
"They need to know what the real employment prospects are going to be, including financial," Van Kleunen says. "What will school cost you? What will the pay be?"
Community and technical colleges are trying to fill the gap by enrolling young adults who either drop out of a four-year college or can't find a job after graduation.
Instructors at Lee College, near Houston, say they are seeing an increasing number of students apply for the school's petrochemical-related programs after initially pursuing a bachelor's degree in petroleum or chemical engineering.
Laci Patty, a physics teacher in the Houston area, is taking night classes to change careers and work in the petrochemical industry.
(Photo: KHOU-TV, Houston for USA TODAY)
"These are 'gold collar' jobs," says Charles Thomas, the head of the school's process technology division. "Technicians in our program start out with $62,000 base salary plus overtime."
Laci Patty, 30, a physics teacher, was  frustrated by the emphasis on standardized testing and other changes in education. When a Lee College instructor came to her class to recruit students for the program, they ended up recruiting her. She started night classes earlier this year.
"There's actually a chance for advancement and more money," says Patty, who will graduate next summer.
Researchers say there are some legitimate reasons employers might be having trouble finding qualified workers in certain locations or positions. This could include markets with low unemployment, jobs with relatively new skills and rural areas with a limited labor pool. And some areas of the country, may see few new jobs.
"It is such a local problem," Crapuchettes says, referring to what he calls an "information gap." In Durham, N.C., for example, programmers are in high demand commanding big salaries; in Virginia Beach, programmers earn a third as much.
"Employers don't know the talent is in Virginia Beach and (workers) don't know they can make three times as much three hours away," he says.
"People don't know about these jobs. ... We want to use data as much as we can to drive that."
Depressed housing prices have made it harder for workers to move, economists say. And in places such as Milwaukee, three-quarters of the jobs are in the suburbs where there are few mass transit options, says Marc Levine, senior fellow at the Center for Economic Development at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee.
Peter Cappelli, director of the Center for Human Resources at The Wharton School , says other factors — such as automated screening algorithms in online application systems — might also play a role. In his book Why Good People Can't Get Jobs, Cappelli notes one case where a company received 25,000 applications for an engineering job, but none matched the qualifications.
Cappelli also argues that employers may say they can't find workers for political leverage: to loosen immigration laws, particularly for higher-skilled workers, and to get educational systems and public tax dollars to take over the burden of training workers.
If employers can't persuade the government to take action, Cappelli says, "then I think we'll see employers get creative, figure out ways to train people and the market will work this out."
Vice President Biden leads the White House effort to "widen the pipeline" and create innovative job-training programs across the country.
Vice President Biden explains the millions in grants that will help connect employers, training and workers.
(Photo: Joe Martin, WUSA-TV, Washington D.C.)
"These are not minimum-wage jobs. There are so many good jobs. But people don't know how to get to them," Biden said in a White House interview.
"It's not the federal government creating jobs. We're facilitating. We're putting the mechanism together to identify real jobs. We're just saying here's where the jobs are, here's the requirements, here's how you get those requirements and we'll help you pay for it, if you qualify."
Biden cites a program he visited in Detroit that taught programming skills to two dozen women with no previous experience. All graduated, and within days, were hired at salaries of $55,000 to $100,000.
The administration's report , released in July, stresses the importance of employers working with schools to make sure students are getting the right skills, and promotes more apprenticeships. It also highlights programs that encourage accountability, such as a "report card" program in New Jersey where schools are graded based on where their graduates were placed and how much they earn.
Biden says he is confident some of the basic initiatives will be funded. On Monday, he announced $450 million in new-job-training grants for partnerships between businesses and community colleges. Altogether, $2 billion has been given out in the past three years.
"In this divided town, there is an emerging consensus. There's a lot of opportunity. Businesses are coming back if we have qualified workers."
Some state and local economic development organizations and community colleges are trying to generate data to help close the information gap.
• In Georgia, for example, the state government is trying to systematically assess which jobs are not being filled. That's especially important for a state where the growing film industry has lost projects for a lack of workers.
Lee Thomas, Georgia Film, Music & Digital Entertainment director, talks about the challenges of finding skilled trade workers for Atlanta's film industry. WXIA-Atlanta for USA TODAY
• Monroe Community College in Rochester, N.Y.,  released a report linking programs at the school to data on supply, demand, wages and required skills for local occupations. For example, there are 42 job openings for students in the Applied Integrated Technology program — also referred to as mechatronics —  in the area. Salaries can reach as high as $31 an hour, but there aren't students being trained for these jobs. The college is starting a mechatronics program next fall.
• Many colleges, like Monroe, are trying to respond to the ebb and flow of job demand by offering fast-track, non-degree courses that get trained students into the workforce faster, but also can be easily scaled back or dismantled when the supply of workers meets demand.
"We need students who are college-ready and ready for an intensive experience," said Todd Oldham, vice president of economic and workforce development at Monroe Community College. "We're doing this to create a worker."
Ajax's company near Minneapolis isn't waiting for schools to take the lead.
He and several of his competitors worked with Anoka Technical College to launch the Precision Sheet Metal Academy five years ago. They got nearly $1 million in equipment, tooling, safety, software and material donations to start the 100-hour, fast-track program. To date, it has put almost 300 people to work and has an employment rate of 98%, according to the college.
"If we go to one of those schools and say we need a program to train the five new people we hired, they're going to laugh at us 'cause there's no way they can develop a program, buy the equipment, hire instructors, get the floor space for five people," Ajax said. "But if we get 10 companies and we're training 50 to 100 per year, that's a sustainable model."
It's also a model for workers who want to retool their own careers.
At 29, Emily Cramble had shifted from job to job after high school. She lost her job at a gas station, lost her home to foreclosure, had her car repossessed and racked up thousands of dollars in debt.
Emily Cramble, 29, checks the quality of parts that just came out of a fiber-optic laser machine E.J. Ajax in Fridley, Minn.
(Photo: KARE-TV, Minneapolis for USA TODAY)
Then, the single mother heard companies were having a hard time finding precision sheet metal workers. She got a grant to cover tuition and within two days of finishing the three-month training, she had a job.
"It was totally worth it," said Cramble, who is now making more than $41,000 per year between her salary and overtime — more than double what she made at the gas station and enough to make her feel confident that she can take care of her 5-year-old daughter on her own.
I couldn't have imagined a year, year-and-a-half ago that this is where I'd be," Cramble said. "And I can't imagine where I'm going to be a  couple years from now."
Share This Story

Morning links: St. Louis County to forgive 220 000 warrantsBy Radley Balko October 1 Follow @radleybalko
St. Louis City will forgive 220,000 warrants for low-level nonviolent infractions. It’s a start. But not much will change unless the county’s countless municipalities do the same, and make structural changes so they aren’t so reliant on court revenue.  (NOTE: This item originally and incorrectly stated that St. Louis County was forgiving warrants. It is actually St. Louis City.)
Maryland decriminalizes pot.
New Jersey woman gets 10 years in prison for promoting prostitution. Not sex slavery. Just prostitution.
Blacks make up a third of Brooklyn’s population, but comprise more than 90 percent of people charged with “loitering for the purposes of prostitution.”
Britain drops all charges against former Gitmo detainee Moazzam Begg, with the local chief constable calling him “an innocent man.”
A libertarian argument for race-conscious policing .
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

43yes  43charts that explain how the global economy wobbled forward last monthGet every new post delivered to your Inbox.
Join 26,401 other followers
Build a website with WordPress.com
This website uses technologies not supported by this browser. For the best experience please upgrade your browser. Learn more »
We're currently experiencing technical problems and working with reduced functionality. We should be back in full shortly. Follow us on Twitter for further updates »

BSE  NSE shut till MondayBSE, NSE shut till Monday
PTI
New Delhi, Oct 1:  
All wholesale commodity markets, including bullion and metal, will be closed tomorrow for ’Gandhi Jayanti’
The BSE and the National Stock Exchange will be shut from Thursday until Monday for ‘Dussehra’ and ‘Bakri Id’
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Lupin completes acquisition of Mexicos Lab GrinHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Lupin completes acquisition of Mexico’s Lab Grin
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 1:  
Drug firm Lupin has completed the acquisition of Mexico’s Laboratories Grin, a leading player in ophthalmic products.
The closing conditions of the said acquisition were completed on September 30, 2014. Consequent to which, Lab Grin has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company w.e.f. September 30, 2014,” Lupin Ltd said in a filing to BSE.
“The acquisition marks Lupin’s foray into the high growth Mexican and the larger Latin American (LATAM) pharmaceuticals market,” Lupin had said in a earlier statement when announcing the buy in March 27 this year.
The company has not disclosed the amount for which it has acquired the Mexican firm.
Incorporated in 1955, Grin is a speciality pharmaceutical company engaged in the development, manufacturing and commercialisation of branded ophthalmic products. It posted revenues of around $28 million in calendar year, 2013 and has over 275 employees.
Mexican ophthalmic market is currently valued at $275 million and has grown at close to 10 per cent over the last 5 years. It is expected to reach $450 million by 2017-18.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Heady mix of power and wealth is the bottom line  in Jaya case: courtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Heady mix of power and wealth is the bottom line in Jayalalithaa case: CourtThe court said that the 'huge accumulation of wealth in a short span of five years (1991-96) is a telling example of how power would lead to a concentration of unlawful wealth'. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 1, 2014 8:58 pm | Updated: October 18, 2014 8:24 am
“Heady mix of power and wealth is the bottom line of this case,” the Special Court that gave a watershed verdict sentencing AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa  and three others to four years in jail in the disproportionate assets case has said.
“Huge accumulation of wealth in a short span of five years (1991-96) is a telling example of how power would lead to a concentration of unlawful wealth posing veritable danger to democratic structure,” Judge John Michael D’Cunha said in his 1136 page order.
In the verdict delivered on Saturday last that unseated Jayalalithaa from Chief Ministership, making it the first case of conviction of the person holding that post, the judge has also slapped a staggering fine of Rs 100 crore on her and Rs 10 crore on three other accused.
It was proved in evidence that, at the time of commencement of the check period (1991-96), Jayalalithaa was in possession of total assets worth Rs 2,01,83,965.53 including the assets of the partnership of Jaya Publications and Sasi Enterprises, the judge said.
But, it noted, by the end of April 30,1996, her total wealth had risen to Rs 53,60,49,954.00 against her legitimate income of Rs 9,91,05,094. “This value is not the present market value of the assets”.
It should be noted that the value of the disproportionate assets possessed by the accused are determined on the basis of the actual cost incurred by them for acquisition of properties and assets from 1991 to 1996, the order said.

Is Modi the next Reagan  or a cliche US TV shows debatePrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeting NRIs on his arrival in Washington DC. (Source: PTI)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 8:54 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 9:04 pm
American political satirist and popular television host Jon Stewart seems to have been suitably impressed by the show put up by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his team in New York over the past few days.
The latest episode of his widely watched The Daily Show dedicated a substantial three minute to the visiting Indian premier, even trying to draw parallels between him and President Ronald Reagan. Of course, there was more than a pinch of salt in the entire piece.
The piece starts by calling him America’s Next Top Modi and gives a snapshot of the show at Madison Square Garden. “How did you do that,” he asks, impressed that everyone from Hugh Jackman to President Barack Obama were meeting the new leader.
But not everyone is that impressed. John Oliver too thought Modi’s being in New York was good enough to deserve a slot on his Last Week Tonight show. However, the tone was much more sarcastic.
He called Modi a cliche, calling his Madison Square Garden gig a “classic out of towner move.” Classic, John Oliver that.
Take that! @PMOIndia visit to DC makes it to the front page of @WSJ . pic.twitter.com/Dd59A4Lnrh
— Arvind Gupta (@buzzindelhi) October 1, 2014
If US newspapers did not give Modi a lot of space on the front page, it seems the PM has found himself some respectable prime time space on television.

Cisco cuts CEO s pay: But will it helpCisco cuts CEO's pay: But will it help?
By: John Waggoner October 1, 2014 11:35 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
John Chambers, CEO of Cisco Systems ( CSCO ) had a shocking thing happen to him: He missed his performance goals and got his pay cut. While this is shocking only to C-level executives, a recent study shows that cutting CEO pay may not have the effect on performance that it’s supposed to have.
H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY
Cisco wanted $49.5 billion in sales in fiscal 2014, but Chambers delivered $47.1 billion. The networking equipment company wanted Chambers to produce $14 billion in operating income; Chambers delivered $13.4 billion. Cisco’s revenue fell in 2014, the first decline in five years.
Chambers will have to struggle by on a $1.1 million salary — unchanged from the previous year — and $12.9 million in stock awards, down from $15.2 million in the prior year. His non-stock incentive compensation fell to $2.5 million from $4.7 million, says Bloomberg.
Cisco announced that it was eliminating 6,000 jobs in August and forecast little growth.
But will the mild spanking delivered to Chambers, 65, improve the stock price? Academic research suggests it won’t.
Some research has found company performance to improve when boards of directors have the mettle to slice CEO pay. But a closer look at this apparent improvement reveals that it has more to do with chiefs’ financial and managerial manipulations – that is, their earnings management – than with solid gains for their firms, says the American Accounting Association.
“In the year following a pay cut, CEOs are more likely to engage in earnings management because it will lead to a faster improvement in the reported performance and a speedier restoration of CEO pay to earlier levels.” And typically, the pay is indeed restored speedily: Pay cuts average 42.2% in the year of punishment, and rise 40% the next year.
The paper was written by accounting professor Gerald Lobo of the University of Houston, Hariom Manchiraju of the Indian School of Business in Hyderabad and Sri Sridharan of Northwestern University.
 

http://usat.ly/1pqqy7QChrysler, GM, Nissan sales soar; Ford down
Chrysler reports
Post to Facebook
Chrysler, GM, Nissan sales soar; Ford down Chrysler reports Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YT2tPU
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
22
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Chrysler, GM, Nissan sales soar; Ford down
Brent Snavely and Fred Meier, Detroit Free Press and USA TODAY 7:51 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
The 2015 Ram 1500 pickup.
(Photo: Chrysler)
144 CONNECT 105 TWEET 23 LINKEDIN 22 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Chrysler and General Motors reported that September sales of their cars and trucks soared 18.8% and 19.4% respectively, as the two Detroit automakers' performance easily outpaced the overall industry sales increase for the month vs. a year ago of 9.4%.
Ford, meanwhile, said its sales fell 2.7% from the month a year ago. Ford attributed its decline to trimming fleet sales and a planned pull-back on sales of its 2014 F-150 pickup as it prepares to introduce the 2015 aluminum F-150. GM is trying to take advantage of that opening as sales of the Chevrolet Silverado pickup jumped 54% to 50,176. Overall sales of the F-150 were down 1% from a year ago.
The industry's annualized sales pace for the month cooled off to 16.43 million, according to Autodata, a pullback from the torrid 17.53 million pace in August, but up strongly from the 15.43 million pace a year ago.
Among other among the six biggest automakers in U.S sales, Nissan Group also beat the industryaverage as sales soared 18.5% from a year ago to 102,955. Toyota reported that sales for its Toyota, Scion and Lexus brands increased 1.7% from a year ago to 167,279. And American Honda posted a 12% gain to 118,223, notably including an 18.8% jump for its struggling Acura premium brand to 13,832.
"Auto sales remained strong in September and rounded out an excellent third quarter, the best for the industry since 2006," said Bill Fay, Toyota division group vice president and general manager. "SUVs and crossovers continue to be the industry's hot spots, and (Toyota's) RAV4 and 4Runner both saw double-digits gains."
Subaru continued to be hot, with industry-leading sales growth of 30.7% from a year to 41,517 and edging out Volkswagen Group (VW and Audi) as the No. 9 auto seller in the U.S.sales for the month. Even as Audi grew 14.2%, the VW brand's slide continued with sales down 18.5% for total group sales of 40,913, down 9.%.
In September, all automakers continued to benefit from rising demand for new cars and trucks driven by a stable economy, falling gas prices, low interest rates and a favorable loan environment for consumers.
Chrysler continues to outperform the industry mostly due to gains from its Ram pickup brand and its new Jeep Cherokee compact crossover. Sales of the Cherokee, not on sale in the month a year ago, 14,639, making it Chrysler's single best-selling model in the month after the Ram pickups. Sales for the company's newest vehicle and a key model, the redesigned Chrysler 200 midsize sedan, were up 15% to 10,995.
By brand, Chrysler's sales in September increased 47% for Jeep, 35% for Ram, 14% for Chrysler and 6% for Fiat compared with the same month a year ago. Dodge sales declined 9%.
"Continued consumer demand for our new Chrysler 200 midsize sedan, our Jeep models and the Ram pickup truck helped Chrysler Group achieve a 19% sales increase in September and our 54th-consecutive month of year-over-year sales growth," Reid Bigland, Chrysler's head of U.S. sales, said in a statement.
GM's performance was driven in large part by demand for its crossovers, its new full-size SUVs and its pickups. By brand, Chevrolet was up 20% including the big gain for the Silverado, though also the Cruze compact car was up 45%. GMC was up 28% from a year ago – with the redesigned, full-size 2015 Yukon SUV up 93.5%. Buick gained 12%, led by the Enclave crossover, up 36%.
Cadillac continued to struggle, however, with sales flat from a year ago and all models showing declines except the new 2015 Escalade big SUV, up 136.6%, and its long ESV version, up 93.7%.
"General Motors' strong sales in September were punctuated by expected increases across the SUV and truck categories. Perhaps more surprising is the automaker's ongoing growth in areas like small and midsize cars," saidKarl Brauer, senior analyst at Kelley Blue Book. "The Malibu, Cruze and Sonic all were up in September, even as those categories lose share to the small and midsize SUV categories. Add in the high transaction prices GM is garnering for its large SUVs ... and you've got a company seeing broad success without an undue reliance on specific vehicle types or aggressive incentives."
At Ford, sales also declined for three of its top-selling cars and crossovers: Fiesta, Focus and Escape declined 17%, 8% and 3.9% respectively. That was driven by Ford's decision to cut fleet sales this year, said John Felice, Ford's vice president of U.S. marketing and sales. Ford's fleet sales declined 14% in September, 40% for sales to daily rental companies.
But the Fusion midsize sedan was up 9% to 29,452. And a good launch so far for the new Lincoln drove the brand to a 12% gain to 7,257.
"Fusion is selling strong, with five straight months of record performance and California driving more than 20% of our retail growth this year – more than any other state," said Felice in a statement. "Lincoln produced its best sales results in seven years with the recent introduction of our all-new Lincoln MKC."
Jessica Caldwell, senior analyst at Edmunds.com said the industry also is benefiting from an increase in leasing deals. "September sales are consistent with the strength we've seen most of this year," she wrote in a recent report. "Buyers have been able to secure low financing deals and have responded to lease offers in record numbers. These are behaviors that bode well for the continued strength of new car sales."
Automakers also are selling cars at higher prices than ever before, said John Humphrey, senior vice president of the global automotive practice at J.D. Power.
The average new-vehicle retail transaction price in September is $30,100, the highest ever for the month and exceeding September 2013 by nearly $450, according to J.D. Power.
More details and reports:
• Nissan Group's Nissan brand drove the sales gain with 22.2% growth to 95,118. The Infiniti luxury brand's weakness continued with sales of 7,837, down 13.3%.
"Nissan's refreshed core models like Altima, Rogue, Sentra and Versa continue to drive growth for our brand," said Fred Diaz, Nissan U.S. sales head, noting that a redone Murano midsize crossover goes into production next month.
Among Nissan leaders, the Rogue small crossover grew 51.8% from a year ago and the Sentra compact sedan was up 61%.
• American Honda's Honda brand sales were up 11.2% to 104,391 with broad-based increases across the lineup. The brand's refreshed 2015 CR-V is going on sale today, but the outgoing 2014 model had a sales gain in the month of 10.6% to 23,722. And the new-generation Fit is off to a strong launch with sales up 66.5% vs. a year ago of 6,628. The volume-selling Accord midsize sedan followed its August sales jump with another strong month, up 30.9% to 32,956.
While the Acura premium brand's RDX and MDX crossovers continue to drive sales, the new TLX sedan is reviving Acura's car business with sales of 3,884, second only to the MDX in volume.
"With the MDX and RDX as the best one-two punch in the luxury SUV segment, the TLX is proving to be the knockout punch we've been looking for in the luxury sedan arena," said Mike Accavitti, Acura general manager.
• The Toyota brand's sales were flat vs. last year at 145,427, while Lexus rose 11.9% for 21,852.
The flagship Toyota Camry declined 10.6% to 28,507 -- letting Honda's Accord take bragging rights for best-selling car in America for another month -- while the redesigned Corolla was down 11.7% to 20,530. A 12.3% overall decline in sales of Toyota and Scion cars was offset by a 17.4% jump in sales of Toyota crossovers, SUVs and trucks.
Lexus cars rose 15.8%, while its crossovers were up 7.1%.
• Subaru's nearly 31% jump was driven another big gain for its best-seller, the redone Forester crossover, up 18.5% to 12,584. Right behind was the newly redesigned Outback wagon, up 39% to 11,315. The biggest percentage gainers, however, were the redone Legacy midsize sedan, up 177.7% to 6,198, and the XV Crosstrek crossover, up 60.9% to 5,691.
• Volkswagen of America's VW brand continued to decline, with the month's sales plummeting 18.5% to 25,996 – led by a 23% drop for its volume Jetta compact and a 7.8% slide for the Passat midsize sedan. The redone 2015, however, is off to a good start with sales up 93% from a year ago to 1,887 and its GTi performance model up 47.6% to 1,600.
• VW's premium Audi brand, continues to be hot, with sales up 14.2% from a year ago to 14,917, a 45th consecutive monthly U.S. sales record for the brand. Notable in the report is that sales of its new A3 line of entry vehicles sold 2,340 in the month and the just-on-sale in September Q3 entry crossover sold 1,092.
• Hyundai said its sales rose 1.65% from a year ago to 56,010, led by strong growth for the three-row Santa Fe crossover (up 35.7%), two-row Santa Fe Sport ( up 34.5%) and compact Tucson crossover (26%). Also gaining were the sporty Veloster coupe, up 22.4%, while sales of the refreshed 2015 Sonata midsize sedan were up about 7%.
• Kia reported a sales gain of 6.9% to 40,628, putting it just a few behind VW Group in total U.S. sales.
• Mazda sales rose 6.7% from a year ago to 23,980, growth driven almost entirely by continued hot sales for its CX-5 compact crossover, up 28.9% to 8,097, and its redone Mazda6 sedan, up 34.6% to 4,263. Sales for the volume car, the Mazda3 compact, declined 9.1% to 7,859.
• BMW Group (BMW and Mini brands) reported U.S. sales up 3.2% to 28,874. An 8.6 gain by the BMW brand to 25,586 offset a continue downturn at Mini, where sales fell 20.5% to 4,219. BMW-brand car sales rose 12.1% to 18,981, while its crossovers were down 9.5% to 6,605.
• Mercedes-Benz USA posted a sales gain of 10.2% to 30,271, including sales of its Sprinter trucks and Smart minicar. The Mercedes-Benz-brand cars and crossovers were up 10.6% to 27,315.
The C-Class sedans, redone for 2015, were the volume leader for cars at 6,285. The leading crossover was the M-Class at 3,460. M-B sold 1,100 of the new S-Class flagship sedan, up 393.3%.
• Porsche reported a September sales increase of 16.6% over a year ago to 3,607. The VW-owned brand's signature 911 sports cars were up 19.2% to 726. The volume leader was the Cayenne midsize crossover at 1,196, down 14.3%, but the all-new Macan compact crossover added sales of 702.
• Jaguar Land Rover sales fell 9.6% in the month to 4,248, with Jaguar cars down 13% to 1,142 and Land Rover crossover  SUVs off 8.3% to 3,106.
• Volvo reported U.S. sales up 11.4% to 4,667. The volume leader was the S60 sedan at 1,763, up 14.1%.
144 CONNECT 105 TWEET 23 LINKEDIN 22 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YT2tPU
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Oreo maker Mondelez teams with Google for video adsOreo-maker Mondelez teams with Google for video ads
Oreo
There are 12 flowers per side on every Oreo sandwich cookie.
There are 12 flowers per side on every Oreo sandwich cookie. (Chuck Berman / Chicago Tribune)
Tribune report
Mondelez International Google Inc. YouTube
Mondelez working with Google to produce online videos.
Mondelez International, which makes snack brands including Oreo, Nabisco, Cadbury and Trident gum, said Wednesday it has joined with Google to produce online videos to boost the visibility of its brands.
The Deerfield-based snack-maker said it will shift 10 percent of its advertising budget to focus on online videos this year. Video, the company said in a statement, will be a “key growth driver” for its brands.
Caption Oreo
There are 12 flowers per side on every Oreo sandwich cookie.
There are 12 flowers per side on every Oreo sandwich cookie. (Chuck Berman / Chicago Tribune)
See more galleries
Caption Ritz crackers
Ritz crackers were introduced by Nabisco in 1934. The name was believed to spur hope about more prosperous times ahead through a nod to the Ritz Carlton hotel, which opened 23 years earlier in New York City.
Ritz crackers were introduced by Nabisco in 1934. The name was believed to spur hope about more prosperous times ahead through a nod to the Ritz Carlton hotel, which opened 23 years earlier in New York City.
See more galleries
Caption Chips Ahoy
The name is based on the nautical reference 'Ships Ahoy' but the phrase is also mentioned in 'The Uncommercial Traveller' by Charles Dickens.
The name is based on the nautical reference 'Ships Ahoy' but the phrase is also mentioned in 'The Uncommercial Traveller' by Charles Dickens.
See more galleries
Caption Premium Saltines
The expression 'Polly wants a cracker' was first used widely in Premium Saltines advertisements during the Great Depression.
The expression 'Polly wants a cracker' was first used widely in Premium Saltines advertisements during the Great Depression.
Caption Cadbury
Simon Dawson / Bloomberg
Cadbury Creme Eggs are made in two parts: one side with the white fondant and the other with a smaller amount of yellow "yolk," and then are bonded together and quickly cooled.
Cadbury Creme Eggs are made in two parts: one side with the white fondant and the other with a smaller amount of yellow "yolk," and then are bonded together and quickly cooled. (Simon Dawson / Bloomberg)
See more galleries
The famous brands of Mondelez
Here's a look at some of the iconic brands of Mondelez, the Deerfield company created through a spin-off of Kraft Foods snack brands. The name comes from the French words for "world" and "delicious."
The famous brands of Mondelez
Here's a look at some of the iconic brands of Mondelez, the Deerfield company created through a spin-off of Kraft Foods snack brands. The name comes from the French words for "world" and "delicious."
"Today, 58 percent of consumers turn to digital platforms for their daily media consumption," said Bonin Bough, vice president of global media and consumer engagement. "Although we've adjusted our media spending to reflect that behavior, there's still a gap. The deal with Google will enable us to close that 'digital divide.'"
Mondelez said it also is partnering with Google through YouTube’s “Brand Partner” program, by offering video content. The company is planning videos featuring "Sour Patch Kids" to air on YouTube in the U.S.
Mondelez said it may expand its video offerings worldwide and include additional brands. 

New York Times cutting 100 jobs  NYT Opinion app...and
versions
NEW YORK (AP) — The New York Times Co. is launching another round of buyouts and layoffs, telling staff on Wednesday that it must cut 100 newsroom jobs to further reduce costs and focus resources on its digital operations. It's also axing its NYT Opinion app after four months and relegating the NYT Now app to a smartphone-only product aimed at new and younger readers, after the lower-priced subscription products failed to take off as hoped.
The planned cuts represent about 7.5 percent of a total current newsroom staff of 1,330. Buyouts will be offered to an undisclosed number of senior managers in the print, digital and advertising divisions, New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr. and CEO Mark Thompson said in a morning memo to employees.
Like other newspapers, The New York Times continues to face a drop in print advertising revenue as readers opt for digital content and advertisers shift more of their spending online. Over the past eight years, overall annual print newspaper ad revenue has fallen 64 percent, to $17.3 billion in 2013, according to the Newspaper Association of America.
Sulzberger Jr. and Thompson said that for the most recent quarter ended on Sunday, total advertising revenue was "roughly flat." That's better than the mid-single-digit-percentage decline it had predicted due to digital advertising gains and a strong print ad showing in September which helped counter a weaker July and August. More than 40,000 net new digital subscribers were added in the latest quarter, the biggest jump since 2012. But profit for the quarter and the fiscal year is still expected to fall from last year because of higher operating costs.
The New York Times said the NYT Now app — which included the paper's top stories and was available online and on the iPhone for $2 a week — struck a chord with younger users, many new to the paper. But it will continue as a smartphone app only while the company tests other, "more intuitive" lower-priced subscription offers. The NYT Opinion app, which included unlimited access to an expanded opinion section on the New York Times website and a mobile app for $1.50 a week, will be shuttered. The company said it will continue to sell separate subscription access to the Opinion section of its website.
Shares rose 82 cents, or 7 percent, to $12.04 in midday trading. The stock had been down 29 percent since the beginning of the year.

Why the bond market is more fragile than you think...BERNARD CONDON | October 1, 2014 06:30 PM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — A bottleneck is building in the global market for bonds.
Main Street investors have poured a trillion dollars into bonds since the financial crisis, and helped send prices soaring. As fund managers and regulators fret about an inevitable sell-off, the bigger fear is that when people go to unload, there won't be anyone to buy.
Too many funds own the same bonds, making them difficult to sell if panic ensues. On top of that, the banks that used to bring bond buyers and sellers together have pulled back from the role. If investors started looking to sell, they'd be slow to find buyers, spreading fear through the $100 trillion global bond market and sending prices tumbling.
It's a situation known as "liquidity risk" and some bond pros are scrambling to prepare for it.
Worried portfolio managers are hoarding cash. BlackRock, the world's largest fund manager, is suggesting regulators consider new fees for investors pulling out of funds. Apollo Management, famous for profiting from a bond collapse 25 years ago, is launching a fund to bet against bonds.
What's at risk is more than money in retirement accounts. Big investors often borrow when buying bonds and so losses can be magnified. Trillions of dollars of bets using derivatives ride on bonds, too. A small fall in prices could lead to losses that reverberate throughout the financial system.
"There's no place to hide," says JPMorgan's William Eigen, head of the Strategic Income Opportunities fund, who has 63 percent of his portfolio in cash.
Here are the reasons bond experts are worried:
HIGH PRICES: Demand and prices have soared for nearly every kind of bond, even the diciest. Since the start of 2009, funds invested in "junk" bonds from risky companies have returned an average 14 percent each year, double its average in the prior six years.
RISE OF QUICK-HIT INVESTORS: The biggest owners in many bonds are small Main Street investors more easily spooked than traditional holders like insurers and pension funds. Main Street investors buying through mutual funds and exchange traded funds, vehicles for quick-trading, own 40 percent of corporate bonds, according to the International Monetary Fund. The insurers and pension funds that help stabilize the market by sticking with bonds through busts hold 25 percent.
RATE HIKES: This market faces a big test next year when the Federal Reserve is expected to start raising interest rates. When the Fed announced a series of surprise rate hikes in 1994, bond prices plunged, a big hedge fund collapsed, companies like Procter & Gamble were hit with losses and Orange County, California, had to file for bankruptcy.
Many people don't think the rate increases next year will roil the bond market much because the Fed is telegraphing its every move. But given the high prices and lack of liquidity, not everyone is confident.
"The market isn't pricing in the risk that it's going to be like 1994 — or even worse," says Hans Mikkelsen, global credit strategist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. His worries were echoed recently in an IMF report warning that a breakdown in trading could lead to "fire sales" in some parts of the bond market.
TRADING PROBLEM: To buy or sell many kinds of bonds, you have to phone or email brokers at banks and other firms who pair buyers and sellers. If they can't find a match for you, they dip into their own stash of bonds to buy and sell themselves.
But banks and other middlemen are pulling back from this matchmaking because of new regulations limiting their activities. And they have largely abandoned their role as a buyer or seller of last resort. They've slashed their stash of bonds by 80 percent since 2007, according to State Street Global Advisors.
The result is a shallow market in which buyers and sellers struggle to find each other, and prices can fall fast.
After the Federal Reserve hinted at a pullback from its bond-buying program last year, bonds from the safest "investment grade" companies fell 6.2 percent in less than two months, according to Barclays Capital.
Bonds bounced back when the Fed delayed its withdrawal of stimulus, but it spooked fund managers. They responded by raising cash from 6.3 percent before last year's sell off in May to 9 percent a year later, according to the Investment Company Institute.
That extra cash helped when junk bonds fell recently. Fearing the Fed might raise rates faster than expected, investors pulled billions of dollars out of junk bond funds earlier this summer. Many fund managers were able to the pay the investors without causing a panic. By the end of the month, the funds had fallen an average of 1.2 percent, according to Morningstar.
"Everyone thought it would be a blood bath," says Marilyn Cohen, founder of Envision Capital, a bond manager. The story is "crisis averted, for now."
But Michael Lewitt of the Credit Strategist Group is warning investors not to fool themselves that the worst in over. "When there's little liquidity, it doesn't take many sales to move the price," he says.
-------
You can reach Bernard Condon on Twitter at http://twitter.com/BernardFCondon.

US stocks slide in midday trade; Airlines sink... 
October 1, 2014 11:46 AM EST | Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks are sliding in midday trading, putting the market on course for its third loss in a row.
The Dow Jones industrial average slumped 164 points, or 1 percent, to 16,878 as of noon Eastern time Wednesday.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 13 points, or 0.7 percent, to 1,959. The Nasdaq composite fell 42 points, or 0.9 percent, to 4,451.
Airlines stocks fell as investors feared that news of the first case of Ebola being diagnosed in the U.S. might discourage people from traveling. American Airlines and Delta each fell 3 percent.
U.S. government bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.42 percent.

Ford adding 1 000 new jobs in Canada...and
versions
TORONTO (AP) — Ford Motor Co. said Wednesday it is adding 1,000 jobs at its plant near Toronto to build the 2015 Ford Edge crossover SUV for the global market.
The new jobs come a year after Ford invested $700 million into the 5.5 million-square-foot assembly in Oakville, Ontario.  Two levels of government in Canada contributed about $142 million of the $700 million.
Oakville now makes the Ford Edge and Flex crossover SUVs, as well as the Lincoln MKX and Lincoln MKT. The 2015 Edge will be exported to more than 100 countries from Oakville.
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne said the 1,000 new jobs are a direct result of her government's nearly $71 million investment. The federal government also put in $71.6 million.
Canadian Industry Minister James Moore also welcomed the announcement and said his government's investment helped transform the Oakville plant into one of Ford's most advanced facilities globally.
"It demonstrates once again that Canada is a great place to build cars," Moore said in a statement.
The 1,000 new jobs and 300 added last year will bring total employment at the plant to more than 4,000 by the end of 2014. Ford also operates an engine plant in Windsor, Ontario and employs a total of about 6,000 people in Canada. The automaker also said Wednesday it expects to increase spending on Canadian-made auto parts by $200 million a year.
The announcement is good news for Canadian auto workers, whose future looked bleak a few years ago because they were paid higher wages than workers in the U.S. Several auto executives called Canada the most expensive place in the world to build automobiles. But in 2012, the workers agreed to a new contract that cut U.S. automakers' costs in the country.
Canadian auto workers voted in favor of a new cost-cutting four-year contract negotiated with Ford that made Canada more competitive with the United States and other countries for auto assembly.
The contract cut wages for new hires and froze pay for current workers. New hires now get about 20 Canadian dollars per hour, about 60 percent of the top wage paid to longtime union members. The new workers will move up the wage scale and reach the top pay in 10 years.
Ford said there would be significant cost savings realized through the wage structure for new employees. Canada's advantages in the past — a weak Canadian dollar and government health care — had all but vanished compared with U.S. factories. But after hovering around par earlier this decade the more recent depreciation of the Canadian dollar has benefited the Canadian auto sector.

The New York Times to cut 100 newsroom jobs...and
versions
NEW YORK (AP) — The New York Times Co. is launching another round of buyouts and layoffs, telling staff on Wednesday that it must cut 100 newsroom jobs to further reduce costs and focus resources on its digital operations. It's also axing its NYT Opinion app after four months and relegating the NYT Now app to a smartphone-only product aimed at new and younger readers, after the lower-priced subscription products failed to take off as hoped.
The planned cuts represent about 7.5 percent of a total current newsroom staff of 1,330. Buyouts will be offered to an undisclosed number of senior managers in the print, digital and advertising divisions, New York Times publisher Arthur Sulzberger Jr. and CEO Mark Thompson said in a morning memo to employees.
Like other newspapers, The New York Times continues to face a drop in print advertising revenue as readers opt for digital content and advertisers shift more of their spending online. Over the past eight years, overall annual print newspaper ad revenue has fallen 64 percent, to $17.3 billion in 2013, according to the Newspaper Association of America.
Sulzberger Jr. and Thompson said that for the most recent quarter ended on Sunday, total advertising revenue was "roughly flat." That's better than the mid-single-digit-percentage decline it had predicted due to digital advertising gains and a strong print ad showing in September which helped counter a weaker July and August. More than 40,000 net new digital subscribers were added in the latest quarter, the biggest jump since 2012. But profit for the quarter and the fiscal year is still expected to fall from last year because of higher operating costs.
The New York Times said the NYT Now app — which included the paper's top stories and was available online and on the iPhone for $2 a week — struck a chord with younger users, many new to the paper. But it will continue as a smartphone app only while the company tests other, "more intuitive" lower-priced subscription offers. The NYT Opinion app, which included unlimited access to an expanded opinion section on the New York Times website and a mobile app for $1.50 a week, will be shuttered. The company said it will continue to sell separate subscription access to the Opinion section of its website.
Shares rose 82 cents, or 7 percent, to $12.04 in midday trading. The stock had been down 29 percent since the beginning of the year.

Fact sheet: 2015 Lexus IS 250...The Associated Press | October 1, 2014 11:28 AM EST | Associated Press
2015 Lexus IS 250
BASE PRICE: $36,550 with rear-wheel drive.
PRICE AS TESTED: $43,678.
TYPE: Front-engine, rear-wheel drive, five-passenger, compact, luxury sedan.
ENGINE: 2.5-liter, double overhead cam, direct injection V-6 with VVT-i.
MILEAGE: 21 mpg (city), 30 mpg (highway).
TOP SPEED: 140 mph.

Lexus compact sedan winning buyers...and
versions
A showy exterior, V-6 power, nimble handling and the lowest starting price tag of any Lexus sedan are proving to be a winning formula for the Lexus IS compact sedan.
Through the first eight months of this calendar year, sales of the IS four door are up a whopping 77 percent from the year-earlier period. In fact, IS sales of 33,427 in the United States so far in calendar 2015 nearly equal all the U.S. sales that the IS had last year.
The gains come after a major redesign of the entry-luxury model that targets younger buyers and competes with the longtime entry-luxury leader, the BMW 3-Series.
Even a Lexus price increase for 2015 to $37,475 for the base IS 250 is not likely to break the momentum.
For this starting retail price, buyers get a rear-wheel drive, 2015 IS 250 with a V-6 delivering 204 horsepower. The engine is mated to a six-speed automatic transmission, and there are a host of standard features.
They include power moonroof, push-button start, dual-zone, automatic climate control, backup camera, Bluetooth hands-free phone connectivity, a 293-watt audio system with eight speakers, light-emitting diode running lamps, and turn signals and puddle lights that are integrated into the outside mirrors.
Seat material in the base IS is Lexus' NuLuxe faux leather, but many passengers won't be able to tell it's not leather. It looks and feels that good.
The lowest starting manufacturer's suggested retail price, including destination charge, for a 2015 IS sedan with all-wheel drive is $40,010 with the 204-horsepower V-6. The lowest starting retail price for the 2015 IS 350, which has the uplevel, 306-horsepower V-6, is $40,990.
In comparison, the base, rear-wheel drive, 2015 BMW 320i sedan has a starting MSRP, including destination charge, of $33,900. But that's with a 180-horsepower, turbocharged four cylinder. It's mated to an eight-speed automatic.
A 2015 BMW 335i with a 300-horsepower, six-cylinder engine and eight-speed automatic has a starting retail price of $44,700, which is higher than either of the IS V-6 models.
Plus, the base 320i and 335i, which come with BMW's SensaTec faux leather, don't include a standard backup camera. A moonroof also is an extra on the base 320i.
The BMWs can, however, be ordered with manual transmission, while there is no manual offered by Lexus on the IS.
Meantime, the rear-wheel drive, 2015 Cadillac ATS, which is a relative newcomer to the entry-luxury sedan segment, has a $34,210 starting MSRP, including destination charge. This is for a base ATS with 202-horsepower four-cylinder engine and six-speed automatic.
A 2015 ATS with 321-horsepower V-6 has a starting retail price of $42,335.
The IS with either V-6 engine is smallish in size — stretching some 15.3 feet in length from bumper to bumper. This is just 4.3 inches longer than a 2015 Honda Civic sedan.
The IS size, however, is dwarfed by Lexus' bold front face with spindle-look grille that some people liken to the lower part of a Darth Vader mask.
The creases and lines in the sedan's metal on the hood and through the sides make the IS look like it's moving even when it's not.
The styling, while jazzy, isn't cheap looking.
The compact proportions and responsive, rack-and-pinion steering make for agile handling, and there was no problem fitting the test, 2015 IS 250 into compact spaces in parking lots.
Passengers, however, felt vibrations from the road nearly all the time as the test car rode on optional, 18-inch summer tires. There was some road noise, too, that came into the cabin.
The IS 250 was easy to drive on daily commutes as it tucked into breaks in traffic without fuss, braked strongly when needed and maneuvered around stopped vehicles without a lot of effort.
On two-lane roads in the mountains, the IS 250 held its line well in long, sweeping curves, and passengers barely noticed shift points except when the engine downshifted to dig for more power.
The base V-6 that's in the IS 250 has, as its name implies, only 2.5 liters of displacement, which is what some four-cylinder engines have. But this double overhead cam six has variable valve timing to maximize power. It's not overtly sporty, but it's no laggard.
Torque peaks at 185 foot-pounds at a high 4,800 rpm. In comparison, the base BWM 320i generates 200 foot-pounds of torque at a low 1,250 rpm from its turbocharged, 2-liter four cylinder.
The IS with either V-6 is not a fuel sipper, particularly given the car's smallish size. The U.S. government rating for the test IS 250 is 21 miles per gallon in city driving and 30 on the highway. But the test car, driven somewhat aggressively and a majority of the time in the city, delivered just 22 mpg even though the drive select mode was mostly in Eco.
In comparison, the 2015 BMW 320i with turbo four cylinder is rated at 24/36 mpg.
Premium fuel is required, so filling the 17.4-gallon tank in the IS can cost $64 at today's prices.
Controls and instruments in the IS are well laid out, and the standard audio system put out awesome sounds.
But rear-seat legroom of just 32.2 inches can feel confining, and three adults are a tight squeeze back there.
On the other hand, the IS trunk is a sizable 13.8 cubic feet and compares with the 10.4 cubic feet in the ATS. The IS rear seatbacks also fold down for more cargo space.
With 10 air bags, electronic stability control, antilock brakes and traction control all standard, the 2015 IS 250 earned an overall five out of five stars in crash tests by the federal government.

Audit: Feds overpaid state $106M for Medicaid... 
BOB SALSBERG | October 1, 2014 11:26 AM EST | Associated Press
BOSTON (AP) — A federal audit released Wednesday said the U.S. government overpaid Massachusetts nearly $106 million for Medicaid reimbursements, and recommends that the state be ordered to refund the money.
The report, from the inspector general's office of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, determined the state incorrectly calculated reimbursement rates for adjusted claims submitted between October 2008 and December 2010.
State officials have not disputed the findings, but argue that under the same set of rules being applied by the inspector general, Massachusetts would be owed $108 million in additional Medicaid reimbursements for the subsequent January 2011 to September 2013 period — an amount that would more than offset the requested refund.
The federal government typically reimburses the state for 50 percent of medical payments for low-income and disabled residents covered by Medicaid. As part of the federal stimulus law passed after the economic downturn, the Medicaid reimbursement rate was temporarily increased to help states out financially.
During the October 2008 to December 2010 period, the reimbursement rate — formally known as the federal medical assistance percentage — ranged from about 58.8 percent to 61.6 percent in Massachusetts.
At issue were adjustments the state made during that period to claims originally submitted in prior years. When an adjustment resulted in a greater expense, auditors said, the state often sought reimbursement at the temporarily higher percentage for the entire adjusted claim, when that higher rate should only have applied to the increased amount over the original claim.
Of the more than 5.5 million claims reviewed by auditors nearly 2.4 million were processed using the faulty calculation, resulting in the nearly $106 million overpayment.
In one example offered in the report, the state in 2005 paid a $1,716 claim and received a 50 percent federal Medicaid reimbursement of $858. In 2009, the state made an adjusted payment on the same claim of $2,400, which the U.S. reimbursed at the then-rate of 61.6 percent, resulting in a $1,478 federal share.
The higher rate should only have applied to the $684 difference between the original and adjusted claims, which would have resulted in the federal government paying nearly $200 less, the report said.
The findings of the audit and recommendation that the state refund the overpayments were sent to Marilyn Tavenner, administrator of the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS).
In a July 3 letter responding to an earlier draft of the audit, state Medicaid director Kristin Thorn indicated Massachusetts would agree to the inspector general's findings provided CMS accept the state's assertion that it should receive $108 million in additional reimbursements for the period in which the rates were being reduced back to 50 percent. The net result of such a scenario would actually be a $2 million gain for the state.
CMS deferred action on the state's request, according to Thorn's letter. The inspector general's office said it would work with CMS to evaluate whether Massachusetts was indeed owed the $108 million it claims, but added that a preliminary review turned up "calculation errors" by the state.
In 2012, a similar audit of Maine's Medicaid program resulted in that state being ordered to refund $9.2 million to the federal government, and prompted reviews in other states.
___
Online: http://oig.hhs.gov/oas/reports/region1/11300003.pdf

Revel buyers plan to re-open it as a casino...and
versions
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — The Toronto company that won Atlantic City's Revel casino at a bankruptcy auction is facing financial problems at a Hard Rock casino it owns in Las Vegas.
Brookfield US Holdings LLC owns the Hard Rock and the Atlantic Paradise Island in the Bahamas.
In an August filing with securities regulators, the company said it did not have the money to make an interest payment due that month, and was trying to work things out with its lenders.
The filing said lenders could demand immediate payment of nearly $1 billion in debt.
Brookfield spokesman Andrew Willis says the negotiations underway for the Hard Rock property will not affect its ability to complete the Revel purchase.
Brookfield will pay $110 million for Revel, which cost $2.4 billion to build.
Details of Brookfield's financial problems in Las Vegas were first reported by Philly.com.

Coke Reins In Executive Pay After Buffett Calls It ExcessiveCoke Reins In Executive Pay After Warren Buffett Calls It Excessive
 | By                                                                By CANDICE CHOI
reddit
Berkshire Hathaway Chairman and CEO Warren Buffett waves during an interview with Liz Claman on the Fox Business Network in Omaha, Neb., Monday, May 5, 2014. The annual Berkshire Hathaway shareholders meeting concluded the previous weekend. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik)
NEW YORK (AP) — Coca-Cola is curtailing its pay plan for executives after shareholders including Warren Buffett called it excessive.
The world's largest beverage maker said Wednesday its long-term incentive program will now distribute the company's shares to a smaller group of executives, while the rest will be rewarded with cash bonuses instead.
That will mean the total shares authorized to be awarded under the plan will last longer. In addition, Coke said the mix of long-term equity awards will be adjusted to be more heavily weighted to performance shares, rather than stock options.
Coca-Cola's pay plan came under scrutiny earlier this year after Wintergreen Advisers called it a "raw deal" for shareholders, particularly in light of the company's slowing growth as it faces declining soda consumption in the U.S. and other parts of the world.
Wintergreen CEO Dave Winters had said the company's equity plan would transfer roughly $13 billion to management over the next four years.
In a statement Wednesday, Winters said, "Coca-Cola has finally conceded that the equity compensation plan it put to a vote of shareholders in April was outrageously excessive and inconsistent with past plans."
Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway is Coke's biggest shareholder, is a longtime critic of excessive pay packages. But he said Berkshire Hathaway didn't vote against the plan at Coca-Cola's annual meeting because he didn't want to publicly express disapproval of the company's management.
Afterward, however, Buffett said he discussed his concerns about the pay plan with Coca-Cola CEO Muhtar Kent.
Buffett did not immediately respond Wednesday to questions sent to his assistant.
Last year, Kent was given a pay package worth $18.2 million, according to an Associated Press calculation. That was down 16 percent from the previous year because Coca-Cola failed to meet its own growth targets.
The Atlanta-based company also said it would increase transparency about its stock and option awards and formalize its practice of share repurchases to keep stockholders' stakes from being diluted.
___
AP Business Writer Josh Funk contributed from Omaha, Nebraska.
___
Follow Candice Choi at www.twitter.com/candicechoi
More:

Science proves that Dutch courage is a real thingDoing it for science. (Reuters/Truth Leem)
SHARE
Stefan Constantinescu
October 1, 2014
“Dutch courage,” liquid confidence—the value of alcohol as a social lubricant is widely acknowledged, and now science has confirmed its existence. Researchers from the University of Pittsburgh and the University of Oslo dug into the phenomenon of “social bravery” induced by alcohol, and found that the effect is more pronounced in men than women, at least when it comes to smiling in social settings.
They took 720 social-drinking millennials, split them into groups of three, and then randomly gave each person one of three drinks .
Option 1: Vodka Cranberry
Option 2: Virgin Vodka Cranberry
Option 3: Virgin Vodka Cranberry, but labeled as having alcohol (with a few drops of vodka for believability)
The participants in the study were recorded, with their smiles in particular being noted and then modeled using “sophisticated analyses” to determine their genuineness and contagiousness. The men who drank alcohol were caught flashing their pearly whites more often than those who weren’t. And if a person in the group was drinking heavily, smirk levels increased even further. Whether men were paired with women surprisingly had no effect on the rate of smiling.
What were the researchers actually trying to discover? They wanted to find out how important of a role alcohol played in terms of forming relationships, since many men reported that going out with colleagues after work is a bonding experience.
Things start to get a little bit hazy when people who seek that reinforcement start going out more often than they should, build a tolerance, and thus need to drink even more before they start smiling.
That’s probably why, the researchers concluded, “social motives may be highly relevant to the understanding of how alcohol problems develop.”
Share this:

A game changer in crop hybridisation  geneticsA game changer in crop hybridisation, genetics
MR Subramani
Growers across the world can have a choice of preferred traits of a crop
Chennai, October 1:  
A fully computerised machine which can chip seeds of crops such as maize, soyabean, cotton, wheat is changing the game of genetics and hybridisation globally.
The machine, called seed chipper and aided by robots, is helping to examine the genetical make-up of crops in a shorter period of time that it is resulting in seed and bio-technology companies to come up with new seed varieties at a faster clip.
Modus operandi
This is how the chipper works: seeds taken from plants are poured into a funnel in the machine, which are then passed through a computer to find out the exact location of the embryo to ensure that it doesn’t get damaged during the chipping process.
The robotic arm then ensures that the seed is placed perfectly for a chip, which then goes straight into a chamber of tray that can hold 96 such samples. Each tray is barcoded and then put in a shelf by a robot, which later picks the samples for testing of their DNAs (Deoxyribonucleic acids), RNAs (Ribonucleic acids) and other such traits.
The results of the tests are then examined and the seeds from which a planter’s preferred traits are found are then identified, injected on to a seed with another preferred train and sown for getting a new variety of the plant.
Patent holder
US bio-tech firm Monsanto holds the patent for the machine and is using it to capacity in its research and development activities.
Though other companies have also come up with similar findings, Monsanto claims they haven’t tasted the success that it has so far.
The chipper chops a small faction of a crop’s seed without damaging its embryo so that the seed can be planted on the field.
Not just that, it can also help examine almost all seeds a plant produces to find out various genes and traits present in different seeds.
For example, an ear of corn contains 600 kernels and each kernel’s characteristics differ from one another.
What the seed chipper does in this case is that it helps examine all the 600 kernels and help plant breeders pick up the one that have the desired traits such as immunity towards pests, disease or drought.
Earlier, plant breeders had to grow a crop on a farm and then had to examine their leaves to find out its various features.
In such experiments, only five per cent of the crop was found to have the desirable characteristics.
The rest had to be destroyed, according to a Monsanto spokesman.
Inherent advantage
This also limited research and development in that the activities could be done only when the crop grew.
But with the seed chipper, breeders will grow only the crop with desired characteristics. Also, they can test huge volume of seeds with the machine.
“Last year, we examined 13 million seeds which in normal course of time will take over 10 years,” says a Monsanto spokesman.
Thanks to the seed chipper, growers across the world can now have a choice of preferred traits of a crop to grow.
In India, Monsanto is using the chipper at its Bangalore centre for testing maize, soyabean and wheat.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

US model sees wave of rainfall sneaking into south-east Bay from Oct 8US model sees wave of rainfall sneaking into south-east Bay from Oct 8
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, October 1:  
The US Climate Prediction Centre sees a wave of rainfall sneaking past the Gulf of Thailand into the Andaman Sea during October 8 to 14.
This would emerge trailing a typhoon, successor to incumbent Typhoon Phanfone, a weather system of destructive strength racing menacingly towards Japan.
In this manner, busy typhoon season in the northwest Pacific/South China Sea will have rubbed off on the Bay of Bengal as early as by next week, according to the forecast.
‘Low’ in Bay?
Earlier, the European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts had hinted at the possibility of a low-pressure developing over the Andaman Sea by Monday next.
Whether this activity can precipitate the onset of northeast monsoon is something that needs to be waited and watched.
Meanwhile, the residual southwest monsoon precipitated thundershowers over Konkan-Goa during the last 24 hours ending Wednesday morning.
The monsoon withdrawal line stayed put along the Ujjain-Vadodara-Porbandar alignment, but is expected to sweep down the east-northeast and parts of the Bay over the next few days.
Trough to grow
The withdrawal line is not forecast to reach the peninsula by October 7 by when a trough with a rain-head in front would extend into the Andaman Sea from South China Sea.
The trough would take some time to extend cover the wider Bay in order to precipitate the northeast monsoon for which the onset window opens from October 15.
Meanwhile, the Global Forecast System of the US National Centres for Environmental Prediction agrees with the European Centre’s outlook for a low-pressure area in the Andaman Sea between October 8 and 12.
It is shown as heading towards the Andhra Pradesh coast, likely to the north of Chennai, according to this projection.
Showers in South
Meanwhile, residual southwest monsoon showers continued to lash extreme south.
Kalpana satellite imagery shows thunder clouds standing tall over east and south Bay of Bengal, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Comorin, and central and south Arabian Sea.
An upper air cyclonic circulation that is indirectly causing the thundershowers persists over east-central and adjoining southeast Arabian Sea.
The US Climate Prediction Centre suggests that the rains would now be driven by a circulation forming off Sri Lanka.
It assesses that coastal Karnataka, Kerala and adjoining south Tamil Nadu may continue to witness thundershowers until October 13.
(This article was published on October 1, 2014)
Related

Ready for dialogues with Pak  but not under terror shadow: PM Modi in UN speechPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday hit back at Pakistan, questioning its seriousness in resolving the Kashmir issue by raising it at the United Nations.
  
Prime Minster Narendra Modi (R) speaks with New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio during a bilateral meeting at the New York Plaza Hotel ahead of his appearance at the ...
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greets people on the streets of New York. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gestures at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi lays a yellow rose on the name of an Indian who died, at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New ...
Snipers keep watch on the roof of the 9/11 Museum during Prime Minster Narendra Modi's visit to the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveils a commemorative wreath at the site of the 9/11 Memorial in the lower Manhattan borough of New York. (Reuters Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi visits 9/11 Memorial exhibition in New York. (PTI Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets with Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is given a tour after arriving at the United Nations during the 69th United Nations General Assembly at UN headquarters. (AP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, arrives to speak at the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, speaks during the 69th Session of the UN General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi bows his head after addressing the 69th United Nations General Assembly. (AFP Photo)
“Raising issues in this forum is not the way to make progress towards resolving issues between our two countries,” Modi said in his first speech at the UN General Assembly.
If Pakistan wants to resolve the problem, the Prime Minister averred, it must “also take its responsibility seriously to create an appropriate environment.”
“I am prepared to engage in a serious bilateral dialogue with Pakistan in a peaceful atmosphere, without the shadow of terrorism,” Modi said, reiterating India’s standing position.
Instead of raising these issues at the UN, he said, India and Pakistan should be helping victims of the devastating floods on both sides of the border.
Pakistan’s Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif had on Friday told the general assembly he was disappointed by India cancelling the foreign secretary-level talks.
Modi was not expected to respond to Sharif’s obvious attempt at India-baiting with a long running political tool, criticism over Kashmir. The MEA spokesperson had said that the Prime Minister’s speech would be forward-looking, leaving Sharif to some official.
But Modi took on Sharif himself, questioning his sincerity in dealing with the dispute that has defined India-Pakistan relations for decades.
In a speech delivered in Hindi — from a prepared text in English — Prime Minister Modi also called for the long-standing reforms of the UN Security Council.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,’ he said.
The Prime Minister began his second day of the US tour, first day of full engagements, with an early morning tour of the 9/11 memorial and the attached museum.
Dressed in his trademark short-sleeve shirt, with a shawl thrown over his shoulder, the prime minister could be seen listening intently to his briefer.
He then changed into a dark bandh-gala suit for his UN engagements, starting with a meeting with secretary general Ban ki Moon, and a tour of the US complex.
Minutes before he was to speak, external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj, led the India delegation to their desk to the assembly floor, accompanied by NSA Ajit Doval.
The visitors’ gallery was packed, unusually for a Saturday morning, said several UN officials, impressed not only by the strength of the Indian media contingent, but also by Modi fans.
Watch: It is upto Pakistan to create right atmosphere and come forward for bilateral talks: Modi
After touching on all major global challenges — climate change and terrorism, for instance — the Prime Minister raised a long-standing Indian demand for UN SC reform.
India has been pushing for increasing the permanent membership of the Security Council beyond the present five — US, UK, China, Russia and France — without much success.
“We must reform the United Nations, including the Security Council, and make it more democratic and participative,” said the prime minister.
He warned that the failure to do so could make these institution irrelevant. “Institutions that reflect the imperatives of 20th century won’t be effective in the 21st.”
He added, “It would face the risk of irrelevance; and we will face the risk of continuing turbulence with no one capable of addressing it.”
Delivered in Hindi, from English remarks
The Prime Minister delivered his speech in Hindi, from a speech written in English. His speech tracked closely with the text in English, in spirit. But the translator seemed completely off-key, jumping from word to word, without trying to capture the sense of what Modi was saying.
Pitch for Yoga
An avid practitioner of Yoga, the Prime Minister gave it major shoutout in his speech calling it “an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition”. He said, “Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfilment; harmony between man and nature; a holistic approach to health and well being.”
G-1, G-4 or G for all?
While making a pitch for a genuinely interaction compact of nations, he said there is a tendency to bunch countries into various groups. “Today, we still operate in various Gs with different numbers. India, too, is involved in several. But, how much are we able to work together as G1 or G-All?”
Live Blog Modi in America
.
Earlier Modi paid tributes at the memorial, also known as Ground Zero, where the twin towers of the iconic World Trade Center(WTC) were destroyed in the unprecedented terror attack on September 11, 2001.
    
Dressed in a spotless white kurta and churidars and a grey shawl thrown on his left shoulder, a sombre looking Modi gently placed rose buds one by one--five in all--on the grey granite memorial slabs where names of the victims were etched, stood for a while and folded his hands.
    
Modi, who was in a reflective mood, also visited the 9/11 museum, that displays artifacts associated with the events of the terror attack while presenting stories of loss and recovery.
    

No Finding Received on Rs 30 Crore Service Tax Evasion Charge: DLFRoyal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
New Delhi: DLF, India's largest realty firm, on Tuesday said it has not received any findings from authorities on alleged service tax evasion of about Rs 30 crore.
The company was responding to clarification sought by National Stock Exchange (NSE) on reports that the real estate firm has come under the scanner of central revenue officials for allegedly evading service tax to the tune of about Rs 30 crore.
"DLF and its associates pay a total service tax of more than Rs 500 crore per annum to the government of India and there is no question of evading service tax of Rs 30 crore across multiple years...," DLF said in a filing to the BSE.
"We would also like to point out that we have so far not received any findings or observations from any wing of the Service Tax Department" with reference to this matter," the filing noted.
DLF said industry players have sought clarification with the tax authorities on the issue of service tax on development rights.
Since development rights are a part of immovable property, it is not subject to service tax, DLF added.
A case against DLF has been registered by the Directorate General of Central Excise Intelligence (DGCEI) for alleged non -payment of service tax over transfer of development rights to other firms, official sources had said. ( Read more )
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 22:40 (IST)

Don t wait to be told your credit and debit card data...1
The New York Times reported in mid-September that JPMorgan Chase, which notified some website users in early August that login and password information had been compromised, was still trying to assess just how vulnerable hackers had made it — not just now, but going forward.
According to an April report from Internet software, storage and security firm Symantec, the number of digital security breaches has been growing by leaps and bounds in recent years, with the number of incidents in 2013 up 62 percent from 2012.
But, perhaps more worrisome, Symantec estimated that while 232 million identities were exposed through breaches in 2011, the figure swelled to 552 million in 2013. That's a lot of credit card information, private records and passwords at risk.
Some believe there needs to be something akin to the National Transportation Safety Board to investigate these incidents the way the NTSB does plane crashes. The investigation would determine what went wrong and what needs to be done to ensure it doesn't happen again.
But Congress isn't keen on, you know, doing things lately, and it's not the only group dragging its feet. Our vulnerability is also the result of the United States lagging behind much of the world in adopting a more secure kind of credit card.
While merchants and banks here bickered over who would absorb the costs, we've continued swiping old-fashioned cards with magnetic strips instead of embracing the so-called chip-and-PIN (personal identification number) technology that would be harder to hack. Fortunately, this is supposed to change by the end of next year, if all goes according to plan.
Third-party payment systems tout the security of their transactions, but greater adoption surely would make them more inviting targets. It probably wouldn't hurt to use cash in more transactions.
No matter how easy or hard we make it for cybercriminals at home and abroad to pick our cyberpockets online or at point of sale, though, they're often coming after us for the simple reason it's worth their while.
"The odds are against the American consumer," said Kresse, who likes to call himself "Professor Fraud." "It's a numbers game. We have wonderful IT professionals … and they're working day and night to keep their systems secure and keep the bad guys out. But they're up against hundreds of thousands working on … separating us from our money.
"I like to say fraud never sleeps because, when you're asleep in Chicago, there's someone on the other side of the globe who's been trained in academies and schools … who is trying to get into your system."
Capital One, which for a time featured ads with marauding Vikings for comic effect, continues to tout the tag line, "What's in your wallet?"
Whatever your response, it's safest to assume in this day and age that plenty of other people may know too — right down to the date of birth on your license.
Even if you don't see the marauders, smart money says to act as though they're out there.

The dirt in Central Park contains thousands of previously undiscovered microbesBy Rachel Feltman October 1 Follow @rachelfeltman
It's a jungle out there. (Robert Caplin for The Washington Post)
New York City's Central Park is as much of a melting pot as the rest of the city — even down at the microbial level. According to a study published Wednesday in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B, there are more than 100,000 species of bacteria living in the park's soil — and most of them are totally new to science.
The coolest thing about this study is that the results aren't as striking as they sound: In fact, Central Park's stunning microbial diversity is pretty on par with the rest of the world.
Researchers searched soil samples pulled from around the park and found more than 120,000 species of bacteria. They also found 1,659 archaea (organisms similar to bacteria) and 43,429 species of multicellular microorganisms such as  plants, fungi and teeny-tiny critters.
When they compared the DNA of these organisms to databases of known species, they found that more than 80 percent of them were completely new. And of those that "matched" organisms in the database, it's likely that many were just closely related to existing species, and actually represented newly discovered cousins.
We don't know anything about these new microbes yet, including whether they're native to New York or came in on the feet of tourists and migrating geese, or whether they're good or bad for the health of the soil and the city. But we do know one thing: Their uniqueness isn't actually that unique.
Similar levels of biodiversity are seen all over the world, the researchers report. And the only part of the planet that didn't have some overlapping species with Central Park was in Antarctica.
"If you want to find unique diversity and if you want to find a wide range of different below-ground organisms, you don't have to travel around the world,"  Noah Fierer , an associate professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at CU-Boulder and corresponding author of the study, said in a statement."You can walk across Central Park."
Microbes don't have the same climate-based restrictions as visible plants and animals, Fierer said — they care more about soil acidity and carbon content than they do about humidity or heat.
"No one would ever expect to find an overlap in the types of trees we see in Central Park and the type of trees we see in a tropical forest," Fierer said. "But that doesn't seem to be true for the microbes living in the soil. We found all these community types just within Central Park. Below-ground biodiversity doesn't follow the same rules as the plants and animals living above ground."
The bacterial world is immense and largely unexplored — even when it comes to the the microbes  living in our own bodies and homes  — so it shouldn't come as a surprise that one of the busiest cities on the planet is home to a multitude of tiny organisms.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Now that Ebolas in the U.S.  are we readyBy Ariana Eunjung Cha October 1 Follow @arianaeunjung
File: An Ivorian health worker from the National Public Health Institute screens for temperature international travellers arriving as a precaution to curb the spread of the deadly Ebola virus. EPA/LEGNAN KOULA
Arthur Caplan, director of the Division of Medical Ethics in New York University’s Langone Medical Center, offers five ethical points to consider.
A case like this was bound to happen. A few more are likely given the ability to travel easily from nation to nation. There will be calls to restrict travel but that is not needed. What is needed now is to screen passengers getting on planes or boats to the U.S. for symptoms of Ebola.
Are hospitals prepared to deal with a small number of cases? Yes, planning has been going on for some time now to identify and isolate cases. There are however some unanswered questions: If only trained volunteers will be involved in care, will there be enough in all parts of the country? Will experimental drugs be offered to patients? Will experimental drugs or vaccines be offered to caregivers? Is there sound disposal available for tainted equipment?
We need clarity of the rights of families to dictate disposal of bodies should there be a death.
Cost issues should be addressed—who will pay for visitors coming here or any uninsured person who becomes infected?
Privacy is important, but should we bend the rules in order to calm the American people who are worried if not panicked over Ebola? I think we should. More information is needed to do that than the Centers for Disease Control has given out so far.
Ariana Eunjung Cha is a national reporter for the Post. She has previously served as the newspaper’s bureau chief in Beijing, Shanghai and San Francisco, a correspondent in Baghdad and as a tech reporter based in Washington.

Apple Pay signals a new era in digital payment serviceApple Pay signals a new era in digital payment service
By New York Times | 1 Oct, 2014, 07.04PM IST
When a purchase is made, iPhone wirelessly transmits a one-time code along with encrypted customer data, which Apple says is secure.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Mike Isaac
Not a single purchase has been made with Apple's new payment system, Apple Pay, which will allow people to pay for everyday goods with their smartphone.
But the service, expected in the coming weeks, already has the technology industry scrambling to profit from a future in which apps could regularly replace cash, checks and credit cards.
If doubts remained about the far-reaching implications of Apple's entry into the market, they were almost surely cast aside on Tuesday. In a surprise announcement, the e-commerce giant eBay said it would spin off PayPal, long the dominant digital payment service - a move meant to make PayPal more nimble in a fast-changing market.
"The era of digital payments is upon us," said John Donahoe, chief executive of eBay, announcing the split to investors.
It remains far from certain that Apple Pay, which uses the fingerprint reader on recent iPhones to confirm identities, will become a hit. The promise of convenient and secure mobile payments has long been hailed - by startups and powerful companies like Google and Verizon. That promise has remained largely unfulfilled.
But the swift reaction by companies in the three weeks since Apple Pay was unveiled makes clear that how we normally pay for goods and services is ripe for transformation.
Square, a prominent payment startup, plans to allow merchants the ability to accept Apple Pay transactions in the future. Stripe, a payment processing startup based in San Francisco, has agreed to work with Apple to help more small businesses accept Apple Pay.
EBay's announcement, meanwhile, was an abrupt about-face. This year, facing calls by the activist investor Carl C. Icahn to split the company in two, eBay's executives vehemently argued that eBay and PayPal were more valuable together. PayPal probably has the most to lose if Apple Pay becomes successful.
"It used to be the case that the Internet was kind of the Wild West," said John Collison, co-founder and president of Stripe. "Ten years ago, people were scared of checking out on random websites. Now, consumers are no longer unfamiliar with online commerce."
Each previous form of mobile payment has run into one problem or another. Google Wallet, for example, was hamstrung by limitations on the types of phones and cellular networks with which it was compatible, leaving Google to focus its mobile commerce efforts elsewhere. SoftCard, the product backed by major wireless carriers, has seen little enthusiasm for its mobile wallet for similar reasons.
As a result, cash and credit cards remain the norm in physical stores. So consumers have been unconvinced that paying with a phone at the register is any faster or safer than doing so with a credit card.
And online, only 11 percent of e-commerce spending happened on mobile devices in the second quarter, according to data from comScore, an Internet market research firm. The rest is made on desktop computers, largely because it is easier to enter payment information on a desktop than a smartphone.
"Apple Pay is good for everyone in the payments ecosystem because ultimately, it increases the amount of transactions that are happening on mobile," Collison said.
With Apple Pay, which is expected to be available within a month, people can pay online or in person with their phone, using an iPhone's fingerprint sensor to check out, an experience that Apple says will be faster and safer than offerings from its predecessors. Many major restaurant and retail chains, including McDonald's, Whole Foods and Macy's, have signed up to accept payments this way.
Part of the scramble among companies comes from Apple's reputation for upending other industries. The iPod, for instance, revolutionized how consumers buy digital music. The iPhone has changed the way people use their cellphones in their daily life.
Companies large and small think Apple's payments service could potentially have the same effect.

TVS Motor Sales Up 27% in SeptemberYou are here: Home Corporates
TVS Motor Posts 27 Per Cent Increase in September Sales
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 19:36 (IST)
New Delhi: Chennai-based TVS Motor Company on Wednesday reported a 27 per cent increase in total sales at 250,835 units in September 2014.
The company had sold 197,409 units in the same month last year, it said in a statement.
Total two-wheeler sales increased 28 per cent to 241,668 units in September 2014 as against 189,609 units in the same month a year ago.
Domestic two-wheeler sales stood at 217,447 units last month, up 29 per cent from 168,598 units in the year-ago period, it added.
Scooter sales during the month grew 63 per cent to 70,508 units in September 2014 as against 43,201 units in the corresponding month last year.
Motorcycles sales grew 18 per cent to 98,052 units last month as compared to 83,043 units in the corresponding month a year earlier.
During the month, sales of three-wheelers grew 18 per cent to 9,167 units as against 7,800 units in August 2013.
Exports grew 15 per cent to 31,616 units in the period under review as compared to 27,577 units in September 2013.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 18:37 (IST)

Ratlam twin murders: Police arrests five MuslimyouthsPrint
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: October 1, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 8:19 pm
Ruling out any connection between an attempt on the life of a Muslim councilor and the murders of a Bajrang Dal leader and his employee within couple of hours in Ratlam town on Saturday, the police have arrested five Muslim youths in connection with the twin murders.
The five, two of them with criminal history, were remanded in police custody for five days on Wednesday. The police have launched a hunt for two persons, Hyder, who is believed to be related to councilor Yasmin Sherani, and his accomplice Rizwan, saying they were the brain behind the right-wing activist’s murder.
State Congress leader Sherani is being treated at a private hospital in Indore after she was shot at by masked men near the Ratlam Municipal Corporation building in broad daylight. The shooting was followed by incidents of arson and damage to government property by her supporters.
Within couple of hours Bajrang Dal leader Kapil Rathod, who owns a restaurant at the Ratlam bus stand, and his employee Pukhraj Paliwal were attacked by a group of masked men wielding country-made guns and at least one knife. While Kapil and Pukhraj were declared dead late in the night, Kapil’s brother Vikram, who also suffered injuries, is being treated at a hospital in Indore.
Ratlam SP Ashish Kumar told The Indian Express that Hyder wanted to settle an old score with Rathod but made it look like retaliation for the attack on the Muslim councilor. He said the two incidents were not related but an attempt was made to whip up communal feelings. The police said they are yet to find out who was involved in the attack on the councilor.
Curfew was clamped in the town by Saturday evening and after enforcing it strictly for the first two days, the district administration has started relaxing it gradually. The administration had issued passes when Rathod’s funeral took place on Sunday. A local BJP legislator had a tough time at the crematorium when he was reportedly heckled by Bajrang Dal activists.
The police are yet to arrest Hyder and Rizwan. Three of the five men-Musaif, 24, Nasir, 26, Yahya, 29, Jahir, 26, and Asif alias Musa, 26, arrested on Monday were involved in the killing.
The SP said Hyder’s arrest would prove crucial to the case. The accused were identified from CCTV footage and the police have recovered a two-wheeler, a firearm and a knife so far.
A year ago a complaint had been lodged against Hyder at the instance of Kapil, 25, after an altercation. The full details about the altercation are yet to emerge but Hyder held a grudge against Kapil, who was active in campaign against cow slaughter.
The police rules out any connection between an attempt on the life of the Muslim councilor and the murders.

BJP hints at new arithmetic emerging in Maharashtra AssemblypollsComments
Congress and NCP looted Maharashtra for 15 years and people will ensure they don't return to power," Prakash Javadekar said. (Source: PTI)
The October 15 Assembly polls in Maharashtra would see ‘a new arithmetic’ emerging, BJP leader and Union Minister Prakash Javadekar said here on Wednesday.
“These elections are going to be different… a new arithmetic will be seen. People will vote for good governance,” he told reporters.
The two long-standing alliances around which the state’s  politics was revolving for the last many years — Congress-NCP and Shiv Sena-BJP — broke up last month.
“Congress and NCP looted Maharashtra for 15 years and people will ensure they don’t return to power,” he said.
Asked to comment on reports of ‘secret deal’ between BJP and NCP, Javadekar said, “These claims are absolutely false. It was BJP which fought against the corruption of the Congress-NCP regime.”
Taking on NCP chief Sharad Pawar, Javadekar said, “Pawar practices secular politics for four years and nine months, and for the remaining three months (ahead of the elections), he practices casteist politics.”
Asked about Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray’s reported remarks that the 25-year-old Sena-BJP alliance would not have split had Rajnath Singh been the BJP president, Javadekar said, “I don’t want to comment. We tried our best to salvage the alliance. Now that stage has passed and the train has left the platform.”
BJP will undertake a statewide poll campaign which will use digital media, street plays, folk arts. There would be 150 video vans, he said.
‘Poll alerts’ will be sent to three crore mobile phone subscribers, he added.
“Our theme will be ‘Rashtra Ke Saath Maharashtra’ (Maharashtra with the nation), he said, adding, “voters have given us power in Centre. Now we are asking them to give us power in Maharashtra too.”
Javadekar also released BJP’s poll campaign song, sung by Swapnil Bandodkar.

2014 mild meteorological drought: Skymet; Not so  says MeT5
0
New Delhi: With the country receiving "below normal" rainfall, a private weather forecasting agency has termed monsoon 2014 as a "mild meteorological drought" but the MeT department dismissed it saying around 70 per cent of the country had normal rains.
"Monsoon 2014 has ended in a mild meteorological drought. In particular, Himachal Pradesh, Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi, Uttarakhand, east and west Uttar Pradesh, east Madhya Pradesh, Telangana, Rayalaseema, Marathwada, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and Tripura finished the season with deficit (lower than normal by 20 per cent or more) rainfall. Only Odisha, south interior Karnataka, and Jammu & Kashmir ended up with a positive departure of rainfall," Skymet said.
However, MET department has refused to call it a "drought" despite the country receiving 12 per cent less rainfall than the normal precipitation. The country received 77.8 cm rainfall as compared to the normal rainfall of 89 cm.
Skymet's Vice President GP Sharma said anything more than 10 per cent of deficiency is termed as a drought.
#monsoon #met department #skymet #drought
The official period for the Southwest Monsoon season in India is between June 1 and September 30.
Skymet said that only one sub-division, south interior Karnataka, received excess rainfall, of 21 per cent, while about 30 per cent of the country received deficient rainfall.
Skymet's Vice President GP Sharma said anything more than 10 per cent of deficiency is termed as a drought.
"There are three different types of droughts - hydrological, meteorological and  agricultural. This can be termed as a moderate meteorological drought," Sharma said.
The government, however, sought to differ.
"Declaring drought is not our mandate. We only collect the data and the job of declaring a drought lies with the Ministry of Agriculture and the state government. The country has received 88 per cent rainfall and it is only few pockets that have received less rainfall," said Shailesh Nayak, Secretary, Ministry of Earth Science.
"Around 70 per cent of the country has received normal rainfall and only 30 per cent received deficient monsoon. Many subdivisions have received less rainfall, but that does not mean the entire country is facing the same problem. So it would not be right to call it a drought year. We monitor rainfall declare rainfall deficiency," IMD Director General Laxman Singh Rathore said.
2

Pace of US Factory Activity Slipped in SeptemberAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Wall Street dips; VIX level suggests market may be oversoldWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Chavan s decisions will be probed if NCP comes to power: Ajit Pawar9
0
Mumbai: Taking on Congress after their bitter split, NCP leader Ajit Pawar on Wednesday said some decisions taken by former Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan will be probed if his party came to power after the polls and ruled out any post-election truck with his estranged ally.
The former Deputy Chief Minister also hit back at Chavan over his "law will catch up with him" remark made in relation to the multi-crore irrigation scam, in which the NCP leader's name had figured.
He took strong objection to Chavan's statement that the 15-year-old Congress-NCP alliance broke because of his (Ajit's) "demonic ambitions" and that law will eventually catch up with the NCP leader as it did with former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, who has been jailed in connection with a disproportionate assets case.
The NCP leader asserted there was no question of law catching up with him in the irrigation scam because he had done no wrong.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #prithviraj chavan #ncp
"If that is the case, NCP will launch a probe into the decisions taken by Chavan in the last two months (if it came to power)," Ajit said at an interaction organised by a body representing reporters on secretariat and legislative beats.
Ajit wondered why files related to Urban Development Department (which was under Chavan), which were kept pending for four years, suddenly moved in the last two months.
"As an ordinary citizen, I have sought information about the decisions taken in Urban Development Department through an RTI query," he said.
The NCP leader asserted there was no question of law catching up with him in the irrigation scam because he had done no wrong.
"All files which were brought to me by bureaucrats in the so-called irrigation scam were cleared. Had I overruled them, then allegations of my complicity would have been understandable," he said.
He said the controversy started because Chavan promised a white paper on irrigation (a portfolio once handled by Ajit) after opposition parties cited different figures on the state's irrigation potential given by two departments.
"The (then) Chief Minister should have said he would verify the facts and get back to them. Instead, he assured a white paper giving ammunition to the opposition leaders. In fact, when I was the Irrigation Minister, I had ordered two inquiries regarding irregularities in the department," Ajit maintained.
Replying to a volley of questions, Ajit ruled out a post-poll alliance with Congress, saying the issue does not arise claiming his party will get a majority on its own in the October 15 elections.
0

Maharashtra polls to witness new arithmetic: Prakash Javadekar3
0
Mumbai: The October 15 Assembly polls in Maharashtra would see "a new arithmetic" emerging, BJP leader and Union Minister Prakash Javadekar said on Wednesday.
"These elections are going to be different. A new arithmetic will be seen. People will vote for good governance," he told reporters.
The two long-standing alliances around which the state's politics was revolving for the last many years -- Congress-NCP and Shiv Sena-BJP -- broke up last month.
"These elections are going to be different. A new arithmetic will be seen. People will vote for good governance," Javadekar told reporters.
#prakash javadekar #bjp #maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014
"Congress and NCP looted Maharashtra for 15 years and people will ensure they don't return to power," he said.
Asked to comment on reports of 'secret deal' between BJP and NCP, Javadekar said, "These claims are absolutely false. It was BJP which fought against the corruption of the Congress-NCP regime."
Taking on NCP chief Sharad Pawar, Javadekar said, "Pawar practices secular politics for four years and nine months, and for the remaining three months (ahead of the elections), he practices casteist politics."
Asked about Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray's reported remarks that the 25-year-old Sena-BJP alliance would not have split had Rajnath Singh been the BJP president, Javadekar said, "I don't want to comment. We tried our best to salvage the alliance. Now that stage has passed and the train has left the platform."
BJP will undertake a statewide poll campaign which will use digital media, street plays, folk arts. There would be 150 video vans, he said.
'Poll alerts' will be sent to three crore mobile phone subscribers, he added.
"Our theme will be 'Rashtra Ke Saath Maharashtra' (Maharashtra with the nation), he said, adding, "voters have given us power in Centre. Now we are asking them to give us power in Maharashtra too."
Javadekar also released BJP's poll campaign song, sung by Swapnil Bandodkar.
1

Subrata Roy moved back to jail  special facilities withdrawnOct 01, 2014 at 08:44pm IST
Subrata Roy moved back to jail, special facilities withdrawn
47
0
New Delhi: Sahara chief Subrata Roy on Wednesday was sent back to his cell in Tihar jail at the end of the period granted by the Supreme Court to stay at an air conditioned facility in the complex to negotiate sale of his overseas luxury hotels.
The court had extended Roy's stay at the Tihar Jail conference room by 15 days on September 8 for him to sell the properties to raise Rs 10,000 crore to be deposited with SEBI for his bail.
"We received no further extension orders from the court and the duration for which Subrata Roy was allowed to use the conference room with special facilities ended on Tuesday. He has been shifted back to the jail today. He will be staying at the central jail here in jail number one," Tihar jail DIG Mukesh Prasad said.
Tihar Jail DIG said the shifting was done around 11 AM amid heavy security.
#subrata roy #tihar jail #sahara #sahara chief
Prasad said the shifting was done around 11 AM amid heavy security.
"Both his directors and Roy will stay together in the Central jail here with no special facility available to them any more. Any further directions on the matter from the court are awaited," he said.
The Supreme Court, on August 1 had allowed Roy and two of his group directors to use the fully air-conditioned conference room in Tihar jail complex for 10 days from August 5, within a given time lot of 6:00 am to 8:00 pm.
The meetings held by the group under the surveillance of CCTV cameras.
Roy, 65, was using the conference room with services like Wi-Fi and video-conferencing. He was allowed two laptops, two desktops, landline phones with STD/ISD facilities and a mobile phone.
Two secretarial and one technical person were also allowed to assist him. Roy has been lodged in Tihar Jail since March 4 in 2014.
133

Modi to launch  Swachh Bharat  campaign on Thursday; schools  government offices gear up for eventOct 01, 2014 at  10:58pm IST
Modi to launch 'Swachh Bharat' campaign on Thursday; schools, government offices gear up for event
29
2
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the NDA government's ambitious 'Swach Bharat Abhiyaan' or 'Clean India' campaign on Thursday on the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti. The campaign is aimed at improving the hygiene and sanitation facilities across the country. Modi brought up the Swachh Bharat campaign in his Independence Day address.
The Delhi Traffic Police has said that several arterial roads in and around Rajpath will remain closed on Thursday when Modi launches the campaign and flags off a walkathon.
ALSO SEE More than 2,500 government school students to take 'Swachhta Shapath' with Modi
"To facilitate smooth conduct of the function, Rajpath and Rafi Marg shall be closed for movement of traffic from 5 am to 12 noon while Janpath and Man Singh Road shall be closed between 8 am to 10 am," Joint commissioner of Police (Traffic) Anil Shukla said.
The Delhi Traffic Police has said that several arterial roads in and around Rajpath will remain closed on Thursday when Modi launches the campaign and flags off a walkathon.
#clean india #swachh bharat #narendra modi #gandhi jayanti
Approximately 5,000 schoolchildren are expected to participate in the event to launch the cleanliness drive. The programme shall also be attended by government officers, diplomats and expats, representatives of corporate houses and Chamber of Commerce, faculty and students of universities/colleges etc.
The walkathon will start from the Rajpath-Rafi Marg crossing and then pass through Sunehri Masjid Road, Krishna Menon Marg, R/A Gole Methi, Tees January Marg, Gandhi Smriti roundabout, Claridges Hotel roundabout, Q-point, Aurangzeb Road, Shahjahan Road and terminate at Children's Park, India Gate.
The movement finds semblance with CNN-IBN's own Clean India campaign. CNN-IBN had launched the campaign before August 15 and had covered cities across the country.
31

Ex-Maharashtra Congress president Ranjit DeshmukhquitsComments
Former president of Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Ranjeet Deshmukh on Wednesday resigned from the party alleging “poor functioning” of the organisation.
Deshmukh, who has served as the agriculture minister in the Vilasrao Deshmukh cabinet between 1999-2004, had also held other portfolios. He had held the position as state unit president of the party on two occasions.
Deshmukh sent the fax to the party leadership announcing his decision to quit as the member of the party.
Interestingly, Deshmukh’s younger son Ashish Deshmukh is contesting the October 15 Assembly elections on BJP ticket from Katol constituency against his uncle Anil Deshmukh, a senior NCP leader and the food and civil supplies minister in the now dissolved Democratic Front (DF) government.
Deshmukh’s another son Amol, a medical professional, is an NCP candidate from Ramtek constituency where he is pitted against Congress nominee and former Union minister for heavy industries Subodh Mohite.
Deshmukh had quit Congress three times in his career and returned to the party fold only last year. However, he was not much active in the party affairs on the health grounds.
Though he had cited “poor functioning” of the party as the reason to leave the party, sources said the party leadership has taken a dim view of his sons shifting their camps to the rivals of Congress in elections.

http://usat.ly/1qVmhbXJulia Barden
1 month, 2 weeks ago
Your Take contributions have not been reviewed for accuracy by USATODAY. Contributors agree to our Terms of Service and are responsible for the content of their videos and photos. Please report any content that violates the terms.
More Topics

http://usat.ly/1rGmjIHFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Officials: Second person being monitored for Ebola
DALLAS — Health officials are closely monitoring a possible second Ebola patient who had close contact with the first patient to be diagnosed in the U.S., the director of Dallas County's health department said
Post to Facebook
Officials: Second person being monitored for Ebola DALLAS — Health officials are closely monitoring a possible second Ebola patient who had close contact with the first patient to be diagnosed in the U.S., the director of Dallas County's health department said Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YTsmiu
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
676
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Officials: Second person being monitored for Ebola
Marjorie Owens, WFAA-TV, Dallas-Fort Worth 8:22 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
Video Keywords Dallas
Health officials are closely monitoring a possible second Ebola patient who had close contact with the first person to be diagnosed in the U.S., the director of Dallas County's health department said Wednesday.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  -- apparently there are a lot of parents out there
00:04  we talked about the fact that this man was in contact
00:07  with at least four or five children. This is the Dallas
00:10  address he was that as a parent a lot of parents
00:13  wanna know who these children are they going to school are
00:16  you going to be talking with the schools -- had handled
00:19  us. That's priority number one there are meeting this morning is
00:22  to ensure we've already dialogue. Oh win at DIA it's the
00:26  and so the cautioned as it is to keep the children
00:29  home. And we will evaluate and they will be monitored --
00:32  be referring to a Dallas County residents -- fact we have
00:35  one confirmed case. There may be another case that is a
00:39  close associate with this threat with this particular patient so. I
00:44  want to be frank this is this is real there should
00:46  be a concern but is contained to the Pacific family members
00:50  and close friends at this moment.
Dallas Fire-Rescue ambulance No. 37, which transported a man later determined to be infected with Ebola, is now under quarantine.
(Photo: WFAA-TV, Dallas-Fort Worth)
56414 CONNECT 2926 TWEET 47 LINKEDIN 676 COMMENTEMAILMORE
DALLAS — Health officials are closely monitoring a possible second Ebola patient who had close contact with the first person to be diagnosed in the U.S., the director of Dallas County's health department said Wednesday.
All who have been in close contact with the man officially diagnosed are being monitored as a precaution, Zachary Thompson, director of Dallas County Health and Human Services, said in a morning interview with WFAA-TV, Dallas-Fort Worth.
"Let me be real frank to the Dallas County residents: The fact that we have one confirmed case, there may be another case that is a close associate with this particular patient," he said. "So this is real. There should be a concern, but it's contained to the specific family members and close friends at this moment."
The director continued to assure residents that the public isn't at risk because health officials have the virus contained.

35 000 walruses have mobbed the Alaskan coastbecause theres no sea ice left to rest onThe Sea
October 1, 2014
It’s exhausting, being a walrus. Seals can swim indefinitely. Not walruses. After a day cruising Arctic water for food, they like to plant their tusks onto an ice floe, haul their blubbery selves up, and have a snooze. But it’s been hard to find a comfy chunk of sea ice this summer. So walruses are opting for the next best thing: Alaska .
Tap image to zoom
Alaska’s new herd of walruses.(AP Photo/NOAA, Corey Accardo)
An estimated 35,000 have overrun the coast north of Point Lay, in northwest Alaska, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Tap image to zoom
A pocket of several hundred walruses gather near Point Lay.(AP Photo/NOAA, Corey Accardo)
Walruses in the Bering Sea use ice floes as floating home bases between dives to the sea bottom, where they snack on clams and other mollusks. In the winter, that’s no problem. And until recently, it wasn’t an issue in summer, either. Normally, female walruses and their young follow the sea ice north into the relatively shallow Chukchi Sea, just north of the Bering Strait, where diving to the bottom is easy. But as summer temperatures rise, the  Arctic sea ice has shrunk , receding further and further north, and pulling the ice mass into swaths of the Arctic Ocean as many as two miles deep.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The extent of Arctic sea ice in Sep. 2014. (The black dot is a satellite blind spot.)(National Snow and Ice Data Center)
Since walruses can’t hunt easily in those waters, they have to find a new home base for summer foraging, scientists suspect—and that’s why the animals are heading to Alaska. This isn’t the first time walruses have been found summering there; they’ve also shown up in large numbers in 2007, 2009, and 2011, when some 30,000 of them camped out on a 1-kilometer stretch of Point Lay.
As it happens, the chunk of sea ice that caps the Arctic was, this year, the sixth-smallest on record .
Tap image to zoom
2014 saw the sixth-smallest Arctic ice extent on record.(National Snow and Ice Data Center)
“The walruses are telling us what the polar bears have told us and what many indigenous people have told us in the high Arctic,” Margaret Williams, managing director of the World Wildlife Fund’s Arctic program, told the AP , “and that is that the Arctic environment is changing extremely rapidly and it is time for the rest of the world to take notice and also to take action to address the root causes of climate change.”
Share this:

Dow Tumbles as Apple Drags Down Tech Sectordow tumbles as apple drags down tech sector
Use Human Data to Provide True B2B PersonalizationFeatured on CMS Wire
An enormous shift is occurring in how B2B customers think about engagement and relationships. Customers expect marketers to achieve relevance by providing personalized communications based on their individual preferences, rather than continuing with irrelevant "spray and pray" marketing blasts. It's this new way of thinking that's unlocking the true potential of human data.
A SHIFT IN STRATEGY
Gone are the days when B2B prospects and customers would sort through piles of spray and pray "stuff" to uncover the few relevant messages. They expect marketers to find them and provide relevant offers and communications based on their individual needs and preferences. This means that marketers must develop bold new strategies that achieve the delicate balance of requesting in-depth data in exchange for providing the value of significantly improved customer experiences.
That is why after careful research, The UPS Store repositioned itself as a small business peer to peer company which made it more relevant to its target audience. Its research showed that 90 percent of small-business owners would prefer to do business with other local business owners. The UPS Store targeted this small biz niche and carefully crafted its messaging to directly answer their specific requirements.
A marketing initiative was created to let UPS directly connect with this audience in order to provide personalized services, products and offers of real value. They launched a Small Business Solutions portal , offering resources for small-business owners and the Small Biz Buzz , an online community of more than 300 small-business owners.
AN EXCHANGE OF VALUE
Just like their B2C counterparts, B2B marketers are realizing that to be truly personalized, marketing must be based on more than transactional, overlay and inferential data. It has to be based on the individual customer's stated needs and self-profiled preference information.
However, developing a program to gain progressively deeper levels of self-profiled data must start with a foundation of trust. Per findings from Voice of Customer research conducted by ERDM, B2B customers and prospects are willing to provide trusted brands with meaningful information in exchange for more personalized offers, communications and experiences. We call this exchange of value the "Reciprocity of Value."
This Reciprocity of Value, built on trust, is the critical aspect of both B2B and B2C data-driven marketing. It is trust, and a perceived reciprocity, that will motivate customers to provide the preference-based information needed to drive truly relevant, engaging communication.
Keep in mind:
Trust is the foundation and basis for obtaining deeper levels of personalized, preference-based data.
Marketers must earn the right to obtain deeper levels of preference data by delivering on the promise of truly personalized communications.
Marketers should strive to build sustainable relationships with customers based on trust, commitment and reciprocity, from the initial prospecting phase to every aspect of the customer lifecycle.
In summary, earning the in-depth "human" preference data that drives personalized marketing is an essential strategy for B2B marketers looking to go from transactions to a long-term, value based relationships with customers.
Ernan Roman is president of ERDM .
ERDM conducts Voice of Customer (VoC) research to identify high impact Customer Experience strategies.
Inducted into the Marketing Hall of Fame due to results clients achieve with ERDM's VoC research driven strategies.
Clients include IBM, MassMutual, Microsoft, NortonAntivirus, QVC and NBC.
Roman is the author of Voice of the Customer Marketing and of the Huffington Post published blog, Ernan's Insights on Marketing Best Practices.
Named by the Online Marketing Institute as one of the "2014 Top 40 Digital Luminaries" and by Crain's BtoB Magazine as one of the "100 most influential people in Business Marketing".
ernan@erdm.com
More:

Morton Salt Girl honored with spot on walk of fameMorton Salt Girl honored with spot on walk of fame
The Morton Salt girl over the years.
Chicago Tribune
By Robert Channick , Tribune reporter contact the reporter
Chicago’s own Morton Salt Girl was awarded a permanent place on the Advertising Week Walk of Fame on Madison Avenue in New York City. The brand icon, now celebrating 100 years as the symbol of Morton Salt, was selected by fans on the Advertising Week Facebook page and announced Monday.
"This honor is the icing on the Morton Salt Girl’s birthday cake," Shayn Wallace, vice president of sales and marketing for Morton Salt, said in a statement.
Advertising Week is a gathering of marketing and communications leaders held annually in New York.

Maruti to Recall Nearly 70 000 CarsYou are here: Home Corporates
Maruti Suzuki to Recall Nearly 70,000 Cars to Repair Harness Fitment
Agencies | Updated On: September 30, 2014 19:35 (IST)
Maruti Suzuki India Limited, the country's biggest carmaker, has said it is recalling 69,555 vehicles due to a potentially faulty wiring harness issue.
The company said it would recall diesel cars manufactured between March 8, 2010 and August 11, 2013.
Maruti Suzuki said it will recall 55,938 units of its old model of the Dzire compact sedan, 12,486 units of Swift and 1,131 units of the Ritz hatchback. No other models have been affected, it said.
"Maruti Suzuki dealers will contact owners of all the affected vehicles. The Dealer workshop technicians will inspect the wiring harness fitment condition and carry out the necessary repairs, free of cost. The problem was noticed based on feedback monitoring and internal checks by the company," said a statement from the company. ( Read full statement here )
It also said that users of Maruti Suzuki diesel cars (old Dzire, old Swift and Ritz) can log onto www.marutisuzuki.com to check if their vehicle is among the above mentioned vehicles.
This is the second time when Maruti Suzuki is recalling such a large number of cars this year. In April 2014, the company had recalled over 1 lakh units Ertiga, Swift and DZire to replace faulty fuel filler neck.
Although, the recall may affect customer sentiment in the short-run, in the long- run car recalls are positive for both the customer and the car maker, say automobile experts. ( Read the full story here )
Automobile companies have been pro-active in recalling vehicles in case of safety issues since industry body SIAM initiated a voluntary recall policy in 2012.
Shares in Maruti Suzuki closed 1.85 per cent higher at Rs. 3,064.35 on the BSE today. The stock outperformed the broader auto sub-index on the BSE.
Story first published on: September 30, 2014 17:17 (IST)

This new app is for promoting consensual sexMotorola has launched a clever little key fob that can help find a missing phone and minimize the chance of misplacing the door key.
This new app is for promoting consensual sex
Hindustan Times
New York, October 01, 2014
First Published: 14:47 IST(1/10/2014)
print
In a bid to solve cases of date rape and sexual assault on campus, here comes an app that makes consensual sex as easy as a flick of your finger.
"Good2Go" is a free "consent" mobile phone app for both iPhone and Android devices that "targets college-age adults".
According to its developer Lee Ann Allman, she created the app after talking with her college-aged kids about sexual assault on campuses in the US.
She hopes it will "help alleviate the culture of confusion, fear and abuse on campus".
This is how it works:
Answer a few questions before you plan to have sex.
The opposite sex will be asked, "Are we Good2Go?"
Three possible answers: "No, thanks," "Yes, but we need to talk," or "I'm Good2Go."
"No, thanks" means there is no consent, so there is no sex.
"Yes, but we need to talk" means they have some questions they want to ask, and "I'm Good2Go" means it is a go ahead, the Slate magazine reported.
If "Pretty Wasted" is selected, the answer to "Are we Good2Go?" automatically switches to "No thanks."
The app maintains that you can't consent if you are "Pretty Wasted."
 

Arkansas real estate agents murder highlights perils of the jobBy Abby Phillip October 1 Follow @abbydphillip
(Courtesy Pulaski County Sheriff’s Office via Associated Press)
Real estate agent Beverly Carter, 49, was found dead on Tuesday, her body buried in a shallow grave behind a concrete mixing plant north of Little Rock. It was a senseless and seemingly random act of violence against a woman who at the time was only doing her job.
Her death is a tragic reminder of the hidden perils real estate agents face, potentially every day.
“She was just a woman that worked alone — a rich broker,” said the man charged with her murder, Aaron Lewis, in response to questions about his motives.
Lewis, a 33-year-old repeat felon, entered a not guilty plea to the murder charge. But his glib statement to reporters Tuesday highlights the inescapable reality that female agents are easy-to-find targets simply by virtue of their job description.
Selling real estate is a solitary profession that involves escorting virtual strangers into sometimes vacant properties at a moment’s notice. Advertising — usually accompanied by an agent’s photograph and phone number — is virtually a requirement for the majority of agents who work for commission.
According to the National Association of Realtors, 57 percent of agents are women , and a 2011 report on violent crimes against real estate agents found that women are disproportionately victimized .
“Criminals are cowards and criminals are lazy,” said Tracey Hawkins, a former real estate agent who teaches safety procedures to real estate professionals. “Real estate agents make their living meeting complete strangers in empty houses. That’s just the way they do business.
“There’s more than likely a female there, and that agent is going to be alone. The perception is that if you want a wealthy target, find a real estate agent– it’s easy.”
Safety training, Hawkins said, is usually done on an ad hoc basis by individual brokerages or regional real estate associations. When Hawkins is called in, she said, it is usually after violent crimes against agents have occurred somewhere.
“I think safety training should be mandatory,” Hawkins said. “Real estate agents are require to learn how to write contracts, ethic rules, laws. But real estate safety is not sexy or exciting.”
Carter’s body was discovered on the final day of the National Association of Realtors’ “Realtor Safety Month.” The association’s incoming president, Chris Polychron, pledged in an interview with The Post on Tuesday that he would make safety a top priority when he is installed in his post in November.
“My heart goes out to her family, friends, her co-workers,” said Polychron, himself a longtime Arkansas real estate agent. “The sad part is that when you work in real estate, it does involve risk. But as an industry we have got to promote better safety awareness.”
Polychron said making training mandatory might require convincing licensing boards in all 50 states to make changes to their rules. At the association, he said, amending ethics regulations to include safety requirements would require a board vote.
“Is it worth it if it saves one life? Absolutely,” he said.
Among Arkansas real estate professionals, the murder of one of their own has already changed everything.
“I’ve been doing this almost 20 years, and there’s only one incident where I felt unsafe. It was at an open house,” said Karen Hall-Fore, a Little Rock area agent who knew Carter. “I went this morning and got Mace for everyone in my office.”
She added: “The business is just going to have to change.”
Open houses in particular can be perilous affairs where agents – who are often alone in an otherwise empty home – feel like “sitting ducks.” Hall-Fore said that the events, where agents welcome random potential home-buyers who are passing through alone or with their own agents, are not effective tools for selling a home.
“We always do them because our sellers want them,” Hall-Fore said. “They’re not a productive way and we’re going to have to stop doing that.”
Beverly Carter’s husband last heard from her on Thursday evening, just before she planned to meet a new client at a vacant, foreclosed property that was for sale.
She did many of the things that agents are trained to do: She left her purse in her car to avoid theft, and she called her husband to give him her exact location.
But it wasn’t enough. Her brown Cadillac was still parked in the driveway of the property with her purse inside after the scheduled appointment. Carter was nowhere to be found.
“I’ve been in [real estate] 40 years and I’ve done the same thing she’s done a thousand times and I won’t do it again,” said another agent, Bobbie McCluskey.
Hawkins said real estate professionals are encouraged to use technology, like the mobile app MyForce , to send distress messages and even a GPS location to law enforcement or family members. Agents can also arrange to make coded emergency calls to their main office if they feel unsafe.
She encourages her trainees to always meet with new clients at the main office first and to make a copy of the clients’ drivers licenses or other identification. Hawkins also encourages agents to carry a legal, non-lethal weapon of their choice, such as Mace or pepper spray.
Hours after Carter’s body was found on Tuesday morning, the company sales meeting at Nancy Daniels’ brokerage in Little Rock was focused on new safety procedures, including requiring every new client to come into the office for their first meeting.
“You’re just on edge about everything, everywhere that you are,” Daniels said. “We are concerned and fearful.”
Aaron Lewis responded to questions from local media in Arkansas regarding his alleged role in the disappearance of 49-year-old real estate agent Beverly Carter. (Reuters)
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

 Rupee Ends at 61.61 Against DollarLupin Gains on Hopes of Hike in Foreign Investment Limit
The rupee rose on Wednesday, rebounding from a seven-month low touched earlier in the session as investors saw recent losses as overdone, even as caution prevailed ahead of an extended holiday.
The rupee opened weaker at 61.95, a level last seen on March 4, but steadily regained some ground. The unit fell in both the previous sessions, dragged down by a global rally in the dollar due to worries about earlier-than-expected U.S. rate hikes.
Still, the rupee fell 0.75 per cent for the week, its biggest loss since the trading week ended on August 1, which was also marked by gains in the dollar. It was also the rupee's fourth consecutive weekly fall.
Markets will be shut from Thursday to Monday and re-open on Tuesday at a time of caution in emerging markets, with the civil unrest in Hong Kong also weighing on sentiment.
"It's more of a dollar-strong story than a rupee-weak one," said Harihar Krishnamoorthy, treasurer at First Rand Bank in Mumbai.
"Having said that, it is clear that as the rupee approaches the 62 level, we are seeing increased dollar selling from traders. The rupee has lost much less than its emerging market peers in recent sessions."
The partially convertible rupee ended at 61.61/62 per dollar compared with Tuesday's close of 61.7450/7550.
Besides global factors, traders said the rupee could be impacted by the start of corporate earnings late next week, which could lead to volatility in share markets.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.99/62.09, while the three-month was at 62.60/70.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

More U.S. government hypocrisy on civilian casualtiesBack in July, Deputy National Security Advisor Benjamin Rhodes suggested to CNN’s Candy Crowley that Israel wasn’t doing enough to avert civilian casualties in Gaza. “ I think you can always to more. The U.S. military does that in Afghanistan. ”
On August 3rd, ten people, including an undetermined number of civilians, died when an Israeli shell landed on a street near an UNRWA school, leaving the school and its grounds completely undamaged. Before the incident could be properly investigated the U.S. State Department issued a harsh condemnation: “The United States is appalled by today’s disgraceful shelling outside an UNRWA school in Rafah… We once again stress that Israel must do more to meet its own standards and avoid civilian casualties.”
Yesterday, Yahoo News reported : “White House exempts Syria airstrikes from tight standards on civilian deaths:”
At the same time, however, [NSA spokeswoman Caitlin] Hayden said that a much-publicized White House policy that President Obama announced last year barring U.S. drone strikes unless there is a “near certainty” there will be no civilian casualties — “the highest standard we can meet,” he said at the time — does not cover the current U.S. airstrikes in Syria and Iraq.
The ‘near certainty” standard was intended to apply “only when we take direct action ‘outside areas of active hostilities,’ as we noted at the time,” Hayden said in an email. “That description — outside areas of active hostilities — simply does not fit what we are seeing on the ground in Iraq and Syria right now.”
The statement “came in response to questions about reports that as many as a dozen civilians, including women and young children, were killed when a Tomahawk missile struck the village of Kafr Daryan in Syria’s Idlib province on the morning of Sept. 23.”
 UPDATE: “Helluva pinpoint operation” the U.S. is running in Syria.
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

Check your exit strategyBy Jonnelle Marte October 1 Follow @jonnelle
(Illustration by Chi Birmingham)
Stocks ended the third quarter pretty much right where they started. But it was a white-knuckled roller coaster ride getting there.
The Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index eked out a gain of 0.6 percent, marking the seventh consecutive quarterly increase for the index, which was up 6.7 percent this year as of Sept. 30. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 1.3 percent for the quarter and 3 percent since Jan. 1. Even the bond market ended on higher ground, with the Barclays Aggregate U.S. Bond Index gaining 1 percent for the quarter and 4 percent for the year.
But as they watch markets coast higher, notching record gains even after quick retreats, many investors are wondering: How long can it go up and up? And what will they do if things head south?
“The number one question people need to be asking is ‘what is the strategy to get out,’” says Jeff Cutter, adviser and owner of Cutter Financial Group in East Falmouth, Mass., which has about $80 million in assets under management.
Markets may very well keep climbing, but rumbles of trouble from around the world have put investors on alert.
Besides watching the economy at home and wondering about the Federal Reserve’s next move, investors have tuned in to dramatic events abroad. After shrugging off crises in Ukraine and Gaza this summer, volatility in the markets has picked up in recent weeks with the U.S. military’s engagement in Iraq and Syria and the rise of pro-democracy rallies in Hong Kong.
Investors are also coming to terms with fact that the end of the Fed’s bond-buying program could be imminent. Since 2008, the central bank has been snapping up tens of billions of dollars of bonds each month as a way to keep to keep interest rates at historic lows, which has lowered the cost of mortgages and auto loans but also constrained returns on savings. They could also tick up short-term interest rates as soon as next year after holding them near zero since the financial crisis.
It’s all possible because of growing strength in the economy.
But the stock and bond markets, which have been soldiering ahead for much of the economic recovery, may be due for a shakeup. “There’s an old adage: When rates rise something always breaks,” says Quincy Krosby, a market strategist for Prudential Financial.
By keeping rates low, the Fed has encouraged people to pile into the stock market — traditionally considered a riskier investment. Now Krosby and others are wondering how markets will hold up without the Fed’s intervention.
There’s no knowing if the Fed’s action will come next spring or not until the fall, or if it will be gradual or sudden. The market reaction, whatever it is, is also impossible to predict — interest rates have never been this low for this long. What does matter, advisers say, is that investors assess the risk in their portfolios and are comfortable with how much they’ve taken on.
In other words, it’s time to check your exit strategy.
Assessing risk tolerance
Even if stock markets grow more volatile, few advisers would recommend a take your money and run strategy. Folks who did that during the financial crisis missed out on a bull run that produced staggering gains: From its March 2009 bottom, the S&P 500 is up 189 percent.
Seasonal trends show that the fourth quarter is historically the strongest time of year for stocks, Krosby says, meaning there’s a good chance that market gains could keep pace through year’s end, even after the Fed halts its bond buying.
Still, people who were planning to shift to a more conservative portfolio this year anyway either because they will be needing the money soon or because they are approaching retirement may as well act now, says Gary Thayer, chief macro strategist for Wells Fargo Advisors. By acting while the market is near new highs, those savers may be able to lock in gains, he says.
Likewise, people with money in stocks that will be needed within five years to cover expenses such as a down payment for a home or a child’s college tuition should move it into cash or short-term bonds, says Jim Holtzman, an adviser with Legend Financial Advisors. Even if the market squeezes out gains over the next year, they may not be large enough to be worth the risk of losses on cash needed so soon, he says.
For instance, he recently advised one couple with plans to buy a home in the next two years to move their house fund out of the stock market and into a mixture of floating rate funds, which invest in adjustable-rate loans and short-term bond funds.
Longer-term investors have more of an incentive to stay put, Holtzman says, since they have the time to recoup any losses they might incur over the next couple of years and also have the potential for greater gains in the long run. But they still need to be sure they have enough risk tolerance to stay the course if the stock market collapses. People should ask themselves if they would be able to avoid selling stocks after watching their portfolios drop from $100,000 to $50,000, he says. If the answer is no, people may want to scale back their stock investments.
Cutter says that instead of cutting back across the board, he is looking at each industry separately. Using a portfolio of exchange-traded funds that focus on the nine sectors in the S&P 500 stock index, Cutter says he plans to reduce exposure in areas that start to show downward volatility — without eliminating the position.
“We’ll never get to a point where we take risk off the table completely because we could be wrong,” he says.
That’s why some people’s exit strategy is to do nothing at all. Falling share prices can create buying opportunities, but only if you’re still in the game.
Because the idea of sinking more money into the stock market when prices are falling is terrifying for most retail investors, Krosby says she recommends dollar-cost averaging, which calls for buying stocks at regular intervals no matter where the market is.
That way people can keep putting money to work if stocks climb, and they can buy stocks at more attractive prices if they fall. It also helps to avoid another common investor mistake: People often buy and sell investments at the wrong time, causing them to lock in losses.
Watching interest rates
After roughly three decades of falling interest rates, the market is poised to head in the opposite direction. Or at least that’s what it seems like. Market watchers have been calling for a rate hike for years, and they’ve been wrong many times. Indeed, those investors who acted to protect themselves in the past were burned for acting too soon.
It wasn’t until last year that rates on 10-year Treasury bonds, a closely watched benchmark for bond yields, actually increased slightly over the course of the year. That means anyone who bet in 2011 or 2012 that bond yields were going to increase would have lost money.
But at this point, weeks before the Federal Reserve is expected to stop buying bonds and months before it is expected to raise short-term rates, the possibility of the rate increase is more concrete, which is could add volatility to the market, analysts say.
Even if the rate increase is gradual, the shift is expected to lead to losses for bond investors.(Bond prices fall as rates increase, and vice versa.) Those investors holding longer-term bonds would see the steepest price declines. For instance, a two-year Treasury security would fall by 0.09 percent if interest rates increased by one percentage point over the next year, while a 10-year Treasury would fall by more than 5 percent, according to an analysis by Wells Fargo.
Investors may try to sell bonds to cut their losses before the Fed acts, a shift that would raise interest rates before the Fed even lifts a finger. But the reaction so far has been the opposite.Treasury yields have fallen further since the Fed began scaling back its bond buying this year– a reminder that it can be impossible to predict how markets will behave.
But doing nothing can also come with a cost, Rusnak says. As bond and stock prices have climbed higher, investors have generally been content with raking in the gains, potentially allowing some markets to bloat. “You want to be ahead of that curve,” he says, “so really now is the time to start working and repositioning.”
One place to start, and a step many investors have already taken, is to cut back exposure to long-term bonds, which would suffer most if rates increased, Rusnak says. The trade-off is that short-term bonds offer the lowest yields, at a time when rates are already near record lows, he adds.
Over the summer, Rusnak also pulled a small portion of the money he had invested in bonds and moved it into cash and global dividend-paying stocks. He is also moving money into floating rate notes, which invest in adjustable-rate loans and have yields that adjust with the interest rate market.
Fixed-income investors will eventually benefit once bonds start offering higher payouts, advisers and fund managers say. Some investors who may have turned to riskier bonds or stocks in search of a higher yield may rework their portfolios once safer assets, like Treasurys, start to offer more attractive payouts. That could bring down prices in those sectors of the market.
John Traynor, chief investment officer of People’s United Wealth Management in Bridgeport, Conn., which manages about $5.5 billion in assets, says he cut his allocation to high-yield bonds, which are issued by less stable companies, over the summer out of concern that they had grown too expensive. He moved the money to bonds from companies with stronger credit ratings, where yields are lower but bond prices look more affordable.
Investors may be able to ride out any volatility. Those who own their bonds outright may have to sell them at a loss depending on what happens with interest rates, but if they keep them, they should be made whole when the bond comes to maturity and they’re able to collect their principal payments.
Bond fund investors may also see some price volatility, but it could even out after fund managers reinvest the money coming in from maturing bonds into new bonds with more attractive yields.
“So even though they may suffer an initial capital loss,” says Catherine Gordon, a principal in Vanguard’s Investment Strategy Group, “the higher interest coming in over time will help offset those losses.”
(Correction: This story has been updated to correct that the Barclays Aggregate U.S. Bond Index gained 1 percent in the third quarter.)
Read more:

If there is Modi wave  why BJP wants PM for ralliesWhy so many Modi rallies? Uddhav asks BJP
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 01, 2014
First Published: 15:40 IST(1/10/2014) | Last Updated: 02:27 IST(2/10/2014)
Comments
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Wednesday questioned the BJP’s Modi wave and rubbished speculations of his party allying with the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) ahead of the assembly polls.
Speaking from his Mumbai residence, the Sena chief took a jibe at the BJP, which announced that Prime Minister Narendra Modi would be holding 15-20 rallies across Maharashtra over the next 15 days.
“I have nothing personal against PM Narendra Modi. Just that if they were so sure of a win and had so much confidence, then why have they been announcing of so many plans of Modi rallies before the elections?” said Uddhav.
A decision on Union heavy industries minister and Sena leader Anant Geete’s resignation from the Modi cabinet would be taken after the PM was back from the US, he added.
Uddhav denied that he was getting together with his cousin Raj Thackeray, saying he called the MNS leader to enquire about his health.
“Why is the health of other people deteriorating with this call?” he added.

Expert talk: Here s how entrepreneurs can cash in on ecommOct 01, 2014, 09.14 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Expert talk: Here's how entrepreneurs can cash in on ecomm
The panel discusses various challenges faced while operating any business in India along with facing regulatory issues, and how one needs to make the environment more business friendly. However, on the upside, there is availability of talent and capital.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expert talk: Here's how entrepreneurs can cash in on ecomm
The panel discusses various challenges faced while operating any business in India along with facing regulatory issues, and how one needs to make the environment more business friendly. However, on the upside, there is availability of talent and capital.
Post your opinion here
Change India
The new episode of ‘Change India’ talks about entrepreneurship and who better to talk about this subject than four of the most successful entrepreneurs in India, each of them unique in their own way - Dilip Piramal, a man who has created one of India’s most iconic and enduring brands: Skybag, the VIP brands, he has created them almost from scratch. The panel also consists of Veena Patil who ran a successful business, after which, she had to breakaway and start it all over again.
In addition, the panel consists of Alok Kejriwal, CEO and Founder of Games2win, who came from a traditional business family and decided to move on and make him sound older than he looks along with Phanindra Sama, Redbus - the man who decided to get all bus operators on to one platform to make buying tickets easier. Sama later made a great exit selling out to Ibibo, an international South African firm.
The panel discusses various challenges faced while operating any business in India along with facing regulatory issues, and how one needs to make the environment more business friendly. However, on the upside, there is availability of talent and capital.
Furthermore, with the rise of e-commerce and the competition Indian firms deal with internationally, the panel discusses an assortment of ways one can cash in on e-commerce.
Below is the transcript of Dilip Piramal, Veena Patil, Alok Kejriwal and Phanindra Sama’s interview with Senthil Chengalvarayan on CNBC-TV18.
Q: You in a sense are that rare breed of Indian entrepreneur today, an entrepreneur from the manufacturing sector because today when you say entrepreneur you think of guys who get online, who start something; is that sad?
Piramal: At the moment only 20 percent of our sales comes from our own manufacturing, that is the irony of it. 80 percent of our products are now made in China. So, the classic case of when we talk of ‘Make in India’, I was in Delhi, we are talking of make in India but today all our low wage goods are made in China and that problem should be addressed.
It is very good that all the automotive industries are coming here, the representative of Bosch which is one of the largest hi-tech companies in the world, he was there and he said that they employee 15,000 people in India. All that is very good, it is good to have the Maruti’s and the Hyundai’s and all these foreign hi-tech companies but what about the basic goods, the readymade garments and all these low waged goods; all that has gone to China.
Q: Who better to ask that question than Alok because his family ran a socks making business. What made you choose, was it passion that drove you on to games was there also a push factor – difficulty of doing business in the traditional?
Kejriwal: Complete frustration. I was 28 years old, I was in Kalachowki which is exactly a mile from where we are sitting right now in Lower Parel. 300 workers absolutely militant, not appreciative of the effort that entrepreneurs were doing, constantly asking for pennies when we were trying to make pounds and that age and time in 1998 it was so frustrating to see seven guys asking for a bribe everyday and you being trained by the family to figure out how to bribe best.
Q: So, there was a push factor?
Kejriwal: Complete frustration.
Q: Then that made you look for your passion?
Kejriwal: The internet, the web in 1998 was the exact opposite of what I was experiencing in a industrial factory in Lalbaug and Kalachowki. There were no rules, there was only your mind, there were like minded people and there was a freedom to do what you wanted on your terms. It liberated me.
Q: All of this was perhaps before your time. You walked in straight out of college into the internet business. What were the biggest impediments or the difficulties? You had an idea, you had a great idea but a difficult idea to implement, what was the first hurdle you hit?
Sama: When we started off, we started out of ignorance. We said we want to fix this problem and then just got into it fixing the problem. However, some of the things that we faced were the statutory audit. When we were small on the Budget, when there were better ways to invest that money suddenly we had to employee a statutory auditor. Even to incorporate a company we had to go to a CA. We are chasing a idea, that idea itself is such adventurous trip, it may work may not work and suddenly we are bogged down by all these things which is waste of energy and resource I believe.
Q: How can you best avoid that because it is necessary but as you said it distracts people like you? So, if you were to prescribe something what would you suggest?
Sama: I am just prescribing a mindset change. Maybe government can look at this problem, appoint somebody, study the early stage companies and the problems that they have and maybe come keep with some solutions.
Q: Yours is an interesting case because you ran an extremely successful travel agency, Kesari Travels and then after the split in your family you decided to move on and start Veena World which is in the same business but what are the challenges there because entrepreneurship as we all know also is a lot about mind, it is a lot about stress, it is a lot about overcoming mental hurdle?
Patil: I was very fortunate that in the same industry I became twice an entrepreneur which was a good thing because in my last company I had to fight with the competition who were multinationals. However, there also original brand, we made it really strong.
I remember that once India\\'s best outbound to our industry was bestowed to us by Dilip Piramal. Now, in this particular case like whatever SMEs or government support or anything, we are grown up in travel industry like that that you have to grow on your own. There is no government support.
Now, with this government we are finding there is some light somewhere because they have introduced tourism in their five Ts. Like we started as a family business, we separated, we had nothing at that particular point being a big shareholder in earlier company we decided that we will go solo. Then a bank came in, bank found out the potential in the people who will run this future brand and they supported. At the same level of my earlier company we started a brand with 400 people and a good number of tourists. In a year we did 50,000 tourists in leisure industry outbound and domestic market.
We were not having any support or we were not used to have support from somebody, I think that has helped me. However, from here to grow I think we will need support.
RELATED NEWS

Hong Kong Protesters Turn to FireChat App to OrganizeAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Bottom s Up: Pepsi Unveils (Sort Of) Healthy Sodabottom s up: pepsi unveils (sort of) healthy soda
Rural wages rising with declining growth pace: NomuraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US Stocks Slide in Midday Trade; Airlines SinkAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Is Modi the next Reagan  or a cliche US TV showsdebatePrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi greeting NRIs on his arrival in Washington DC. (Source: PTI)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: October 1, 2014 8:54 pm | Updated: October 1, 2014 9:04 pm
American political satirist and popular television host Jon Stewart seems to have been suitably impressed by the show put up by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his team in New York over the past few days.
The latest episode of his widely watched The Daily Show dedicated a substantial three minute to the visiting Indian premier, even trying to draw parallels between him and President Ronald Reagan. Of course, there was more than a pinch of salt in the entire piece.
The piece starts by calling him America’s Next Top Modi and gives a snapshot of the show at Madison Square Garden. “How did you do that,” he asks, impressed that everyone from Hugh Jackman to President Barack Obama were meeting the new leader.
But not everyone is that impressed. John Oliver too thought Modi’s being in New York was good enough to deserve a slot on his Last Week Tonight show. However, the tone was much more sarcastic.
He called Modi a cliche, calling his Madison Square Garden gig a “classic out of towner move.” Classic, John Oliver that.
Take that! @PMOIndia visit to DC makes it to the front page of @WSJ . pic.twitter.com/Dd59A4Lnrh
— Arvind Gupta (@buzzindelhi) October 1, 2014
If US newspapers did not give Modi a lot of space on the front page, it seems the PM has found himself some respectable prime time space on television.

5 Reasons Bonds May Be Less Safe Than You ThinkAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

A British troll was just jailed for his tweets. Heres why that will (probably!) never happen in the U.S.By Caitlin Dewey October 1 Follow @caitlindewey
A screenshot from a Twitter account purportedly belonging to Nunn. (Twitter)
No one knows exactly how to prevent social media from further devolving into a cesspool of harassment, abuse and gender-based violence. But across the pond, one British judge seems to think she’s happened upon a good idea: Throw the harassers and abusers in jail.
On Monday, a district judge sentenced 33-year-old Peter Nunn to 18 weeks in prison after he tweeted and retweeted a series of rape threats and other vulgarities to a female politician. The tweets were sent during the infamous, misogynistic Twitter storm that followed a British campaign to get Jane Austen on the £10 note — a storm that, notably, persuaded Twitter to update its abuse and reporting policies.
“You better watch your back, I’m going to rape your arse at 8pm and put the video all over,” one of the retweeted messages read.
“Best way to rape a witch,” read another message, this one written by Nunn himself: “try and drown her first then just when she’s gagging for air that’s when you enter.”
Stella Creasy, second from right, was the victim of brutal Twitter harassment after she supported a campaign to get a woman on Britain’s 10-pound note. (Chris Ratcliffe/Reuters)
The conviction was a relief to the politician, member of Parliament Stella Creasy, who said it sent a message that “this is an old crime taking a new form online.” It was also a victory for advocates who have campaigned for harsher punishments for digital abusers, both in the U.K. and the U.S. After all, whenever a disturbing abuse case arises —  think Anita Sarkeesian , the gaming critic who was recently forced from her home — concerned observers are left wondering: What can be done? Is there no legal recourse?
In many cases there’s simply not, says Danielle Citron,  a professor of law at the University of Maryland and the author of a new book on hate crime online.
“We have a much higher standard in the U.S. when it comes to what constitutes threatening speech,” Citron explained. And even if a Twitter threat or a frightening Facebook post clearly meets that standard, she said, “we rarely prosecute these crimes.”
Here’s how Citron breaks it down: The U.S., unlike, say, the U.K., constitutionally protects speech under the First Amendment. That is self-evidently, demonstrably great. But over time, the Supreme Court has carved out a few areas of speech that it doesn’t think are worth protecting. You can’t knowingly slander another person, for instance, and you can’t ask someone to commit a crime for you. You also can’t make what the court calls “true threats.”
What makes something a “true threat”?
This is basically the key point — the critical issue that the whole messy, horrible situation turns on. A true threat has to be specific. It has to be unequivocal. It has to be immediate. It has to cause serious fear of harm — the kind that has the victim constantly looking over his or her shoulder. Some lower courts have even ruled that the threatener has to deliberately intend to cause fear, a tricky issue, since many defendants will claim they were joking after the fact. (Citron expects that the Supreme Court will rule on this soon.)
In either case, this standard — which doesn’t exist in the U.K. — immediately protects many, perhaps even the majority, of abusive online messages we see on social networks and other sites.
“I’m going to kill you today.” — true threat.
“If I see you today I’m going to kill you.” — not a true threat, in most circumstances. (Citron notes that everything is contextual — in some cases, depending on how this threat is framed and phrased, and what other material it’s sent with, it could meet the true threat standard.)
“I would really like to kill you.” — likewise not a true threat.
“Best way to rape a witch: try and drown her first” — the exact message Nunn sent to Creasey, probably doesn’t constitute a true threat in the U.S. (After all, it never even mentions Creasey, let alone sets a date or time.) So, had his case been tried here, it’s quite possible that the First Amendment would triumph … and a bored, hateful father of one would go on to troll another day.
What happens if someone makes a true threat online?
Even then, at least in the U.S., there’s little to suggest that police will pursue the case. Citron found that, between 2009 and 2012, only 10 cyberstalking cases were prosecuted in the country. Most related to revenge porn, a similarly fraught corner of Internet law.
“We see this happening for two reasons,” Citron said. “Cops are afraid of the technology … and they’re not well-versed in the laws on this issue. They need better training.”
Game critic Anita Sarkeesian, a high-profile victim of Twitter abuse in the U.S. (Alex Lazara/Courtesy of Feminist Frequency)
When victims come to her for advice on getting cops to pursue their cases, Citron goes so far as to suggest that they print the law out and bring it to the station with them. That stands in stark contrast to cases like Nunn’s, where police and prosecutors have not only pursued these convictions — but pursued them even for borderline cases. Notes Sarah Jeong, a journalist and legal scholar who has written extensively on technology and the law, many of the abusive tweets made in the wake of the Austen campaign clearly met the U.S. standard for true threats.
“So I think the UK government purposefully picked something that wouldn’t meet a higher standard (like the US standard) in order to set the bar there,” she said by e-mail.
Does that mean American Twitter trolls will always get away with murder?
No, not quite. Citron notes that, in the seven years she’s been lecturing on cyberharassment and other forms of digital abuse, public opinion and awareness of the issue have changed wildly: The media now reports on these issues often, she notes, and lawmakers in 14 states have passed laws on digital abuse within the past 13 months alone. None of those laws have satisfied advocates and legal experts, who are looking for the right balance between generous free speech protections and real protection for victims. (In the wake of “The Fappening,” the legal scholar and writer Amanda Levendowski told me that she couldn’t pick a best one — they were all “pretty bad.”) But still, Citron says, they’re something. They’re a start.
For better or worse — and there are valid arguments on both sides — that start probably wouldn’t have jailed Peter Nunn, had he been tried in the U.S. Not that Nunn seems terribly upset by his conviction. A protected account that purportedly belongs to him has tweeted 530 times since the incident with Cresey; the banner image shows a defiant Nunn standing outside the Westminster court where his case was tried: a martyr for hatefulness. Or maybe free speech.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Theres a good chance youre reading this on a damaged mobile deviceAdam Epstein @aepstein
October 1, 2014
Your smartphone probably isn’t bent , but it very well may be damaged in other ways. Join the club.
According to the 2014 ZAGG Device Damage Study (pdf), 48% of smartphone users report that they are currently using a damaged device. Maybe we should stop dropping our phones.
Tap image to zoom
Here are some of the other highlights from the report:
Scratches are clearly the most prevalent form of damage—54% of users have scratched the bodies of their smartphones at least once and 52% have scratched the screen.
Scratches, however, are among the least concerning forms of damage. Smartphone users are most afraid of a lost or stolen phone (at 23%).
Tablet users are much less concerned with damaging their devices—and for good reason. Only 27% of tablet users say they have damaged their device.
An intrepid 49% of smartphone users have not repaired or replaced their damaged devices (among this group is the author of this story, who for two years has been using an iPhone 5 with a broken lock button—the result of numerous drops).
69% of tablet users have not repaired or replaced their damaged device.
The average cost of repairing or replacing a smartphone is $143.81, while the cost of repairing or replacing a tablet is $117.78. That’s probably because more smartphone users are opting to just replace their devices, while tablet users prefer to get them repaired.
“Putting it in a blender” was not among the most common reasons for a damaged phone. But in case you’re ready to inflict some serious damage, here’s a how-to:
Share this:

Pakistan violates ceasefire in PoonchdistrictPrint
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: October 1, 2014 10:17 pm | Updated: October 2, 2014 1:59 am
After nearly a month long lull along the Line of Control (LoC), Pakistani troops resorted to heavy shelling on the Indian side at Saujjian in border Poonch district of Jammu Kashmir on Wednesday  night.
Significantly, the latest ceasefire violation by Pakistan has come within 24 hours after US President Barack Obama and India Prime Minister Narendra Modi during nearly two hour long meeting between them in Washington on Tuesday committed to “joint and concerted efforts that include dismantling safe havens for terrorists and criminal networks, disrupting financial and tactical support for Lashkar-e-Toiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, D-company and Haqqani network”.
A Defence Ministry spokesman Lt Colonel Manish Mehta here confirmed ceasefire violation by Pakistan. In a statement, he said that Pakistani troops started firing in Saujjian at 6.40 pm. On being provoked, the Indian Army “responded appropriately’’,  he said and added that the exchange of fire between the two sides was continuing when reports last came in.
Meanwhile, sources said that Pakistani troops were using mortar shells causing panic in nearby residential areas where people were already hit hard by recent flood furry.  The border Poonch district has been the worst hit by recent natural calamity in Jammu region where flood fury not only led to death of a sizeable number of people, but also caused wide spread damage to public infrastructure and residential structures.
Earlier in August this year, both India and Pakistan had been engaged exchange of heavy firing both along the LoC and the international border in Jammu region. The unprovoked firing by Pakistan Rangers along the international border in R S Pura, Arnia and Ramgarh sectors had been intense resulting in migration by local villagers from many places.
The top BSF officials had described the Pakistani firing along the international border as “heaviest’’ since 1971 Indo-Pak war. While peace got restored along the borders following a flag meeting between the two sides at Suchetgarh on August 29, five days thereafter areas of Jammu Kashmir on both sides of the border were hit by flood fury, the worst ever in last six decades.
A Defence Ministry spokesman said the Pakistan troops started firing in Saujjian around 6.40 pm. They were using mortar shells causing panic in the nearby villages.

http://usat.ly/1vtRaL0Retirees: 9 easy ways to cut spending
About 71% of people, including working folks and retirees, have financial worries, a survey shows.
Post to Facebook
Retirees: 9 easy ways to cut spending About 71% of people, including working folks and retirees, have financial worries, a survey shows. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1vtRaL0
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
16
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Retirees: 9 easy ways to cut spending
Nanci Hellmich , USA TODAY 11:29 a.m. EDT October 5, 2014
About 71% of people, including working folks and retirees, have financial worries, a survey shows.
In a recent survey 31% said their biggest concern is not having enough savings in retirement.
(Photo: iStockphoto)
2217 CONNECT 164 TWEET 118 LINKEDIN 16 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Retirees often ask Gail Cunningham of the National Foundation for Credit Counseling how to trim their budgets so they can live on their fixed incomes.
She tells them the first step is to take a hard look at their spending and find little ways to trim back to create a savings for emergencies.
About 71% of people, including working folks and retirees, have financial worries, and 31% of them say their biggest concern is not having enough savings, according to a recent survey of 2,016 adults conducted for the credit counseling foundation, which has more than 80 member agencies and 600 locations that offer free or low-cost financial counseling.
In fact, 34% of people in the survey say they have zero non-retirement savings. That's similar to a finding from a recent survey from Bankrate.com,,which showed 26% of people have no emergency savings, which is money readily available to them in either a checking account, savings account or money market.
Many people need to create a personal budget to see how much they spend and where they spend it and then fit savings into their budget, says Thomas Nitzsche, a financial educator at ClearPoint Credit Counseling Solutions in Atlanta.
Cunningham and Nitzsche offer these nine ways to save more:
• Pay with cash. People who put their plastic away and choose to pay with cash typically spend about 20% less, yet don't feel deprived, Cunningham says. "Why? They have an increased awareness of their spending, and instead of casually spending their hard-earned money, they become more contemplative and as a result, spend less."
• Tracking spending. This is something people strongly resist doing, probably because once they see their spending staring back at them in black and white they'll be forced to change their ways, Cunningham says. "However, it's the only way a person can truly see where their money is going and plug the leaks."
• Try the $10 by 10 equals $100 plan. People usually have multiple discretionary spending categories, some of which have fixed payments. However, it's easy to shave $10 off of 10 spending categories such as food, utilities, clothing, miscellaneous, gas, she says. "Voila – you have an extra $100 and you felt no pain."
• Pocket the savings from items bought on sale. "Everyone feels like a savvy shopper when they score a good deal by buying something on sale," she says. "To actually realize the savings - 'show me the money' by putting the amount saved into your savings account. Now that's a real saving."
• Ask for discounts. Whether you are a senior, military or member of AAA, AARP or the Farm Bureau, use that to your advantage and ask if there is a discount offered at restaurants, hotels or for house or auto repair services, Nitzsche says. The money you save can be tucked into your savings.
• Trim your food costs. Eating out frequently is a huge budget-buster for many people, he says. If you want to eat out, be smart about it. Use sites like restaurant.com and groupon.com to help reduce the cost. Many restaurants have bargain days or happy hours when the prices are better, and a lot of chain restaurants have coupons on their websites or they offer deals through social media.
• Cut your rent. Try renting a room in someone else's home instead of renting a more expensive apartment or home, Nitzsche says. There are many homeowners anxious to save money by sharing, and you may gain a new friend, he says. This can be especially good for people who don't want to sign a lease, he says. "I currently rent a fully furnished carriage house in one of the best areas of Atlanta for $600 a month, including all utilities and cable. It's a really nice home in a very nice neighborhood."
• Shop for the best price for home repairs and other services. "Always get at least three bids and make sure the company you request a bid from is in good standing with the Better Business Bureau, or you can end up paying dearly," Nitzsche says. Also check for coupons on the company's website as well as third party sites such as Groupon and Angieslist.com.
• Bargain hunt for travel deals. Check out www.biddingfortravel.com and learn how to strategically bid using Priceline.com's Name Your Own Price feature, Nitzsche says. It is a really good way to save a lot of money on your travel budget. "I have stayed at four-star hotels in major cities for as little as $50. The same applies to cars, which I have rented for as little as $9 a day and flights, if you can be flexible on travel time and connections."

http://usat.ly/1sNfiJwFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Pepsi True to launch only on Amazon
The flailing soft drink industry hopes its found a middle ground to bring back customers:  mid-calorie soft drinks. PepsiCo on Wednesday announced plans to initially roll out Pepsi True in mid-October in 7.5
Post to Facebook
Pepsi True to launch only on Amazon The flailing soft drink industry hopes its found a middle ground to bring back customers:  mid-calorie soft drinks. PepsiCo on Wednesday announced plans to initially roll out Pepsi True in mid-October in 7.5 Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wYqJvZ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
13
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Pepsi True to launch only on Amazon
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 5:32 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
Video Keywords new food regional growth Amazon media exposure
Pepsi is launching a new line of naturally sweetened soda, exclusively through Amazon- a big move in an industry that has lagged in e-commerce.    Video provided by Reuters Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  Not coming to a store near you right away Pepsi's
00:04  latest soft drink Pepsi true. He'll launch exclusively on Amazon. Beverage
00:15  digest editor and publisher John -- Our data shows carbonated soft
00:20  drinks have been in decline for ten years. Diets are now
00:24  under perform in the regulars because of us some consumers concerns
00:27  about sweeteners. And both pets and Coke after interface consumers want.
00:34  -- lower calorie beverages that natural sweeteners. Spoke Pepsi true was
00:39  launched today Coke launched Coke -- a few weeks ago in
00:42  the US. Both companies have to work hard and innovation. --
00:47  also. Experimenting with e-commerce through Amazon and recently said it would
00:52  bring back search facility a discontinued twelve years ago. Pitcher says
00:57  Pepsi is a master at marketing and that will play to
01:00  their advantage when they promote the product engage -- videos on
01:04  Amazon. Amazon e-commerce or driving a lot of the regional growth
01:08  in the US and the beverage companies are very under that
01:13  are on Amazon because of their -- systems. So it's a
01:17  way to launch product would have gone to get some high
01:20  media exposure. It's also a way to launch products were putting
01:25  it putting the following system. And allowing it to get some
01:28  scale which makes it easier from the bottlers to handle. But
01:32  there's a good reason consumers don't always want to buy new
01:35  food and drinks online. Reuters and tally at LA there really
01:40  to. Trying to reach out to first adopters and people were
01:44  willing to click a mouse and buy the product that they
01:47  might not be familiar. And that. Really represents a small population
01:52  and Pepsi true in 24 pack mini cans will be available
01:57  on Amazon. Ready to be delivered to customers' homes in mid
PepsiCO adds a new product, Pepsi True, to its beverage lineup. Sweetened with real sugar and stevia leaf extract, Pepsi True has 30% less sugar than regular Pepsi and contains no high-fructose corn syrup or artificial sweeteners.
(Photo: PepsiCO Beverages)
2973 CONNECT 74 TWEET 100 LINKEDIN 13 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The flailing soft drink industry hopes it has found a middle ground to bring back customers:  mid-calorie soft drinks.
PepsiCo on Wednesday announced on its website plans to roll out Pepsi True in mid-October on the e-commerce site Amazon.com.  The beverage is made with sugar and stevia (a sweetener made from stevia leaf extract) and contains about 30% fewer calories than regular Pepsi.  Just as important – particularly to influential Millennials – it contains no high-fructose corn syrup and no artificial sweeteners.
The 7.5-ounce cans will initially be sold in packs of 24 on Amazon but eventually will be sold in grocery stores.
"This is the latest part of a massive, transformational journey that we've been on," says Simon Lowden, chief marketing officer at PepsiCo North America, in a phone interview. Roughly 50% of the company's beverage portfolio is now zero or low-calorie, he says. That compares to less than 25% fifteen years ago.
The move comes even as Coca-Cola has recently begun testing its mid-calorie cola, Coca-Cola Life, in some stores in the Southern United States before a planned national rollout next month. Carbonated soft drink sales have been declining for almost a decade, and more recently diet soft drink sales have begun to decline at an even faster rate than regular, sugared soft drinks.  Suddenly, a new battlefront is taking shape in the mid-calorie arena.
"The cola wars are alive and well," says John Sicher, publisher of Beverage Digest. "Now, both Coke and Pepsi have similar products with Coke Life and Pepsi True.  Who will win?  The consumer."
Coca-Cola, last month, in another e-commerce link with Amazon, brought back the highly caffeinated citrus soda, Surge, also initially sold only online via Amazon.  In both cases, the brands will eventually be sold at grocery stores, executives say.
The Amazon rollout, Sicher says, "lets PepsiCo use a high-profile channel to gauge initial response.  It also allows the product to get some scale and awareness before it goes into the bottler system."
But the new soda war's most interesting battle front isn't in e-commerce, but the mid-calorie sector that has recently exploded with activity.
It's all about lower calories without the chemicals.  A 7.5-ounce can of Pepsi True, for example, contains 60 calories.  That compares with 100 calories for the identical-size can of regular Pepsi.  Similarly, the 8-ounce glass bottle of Coca-Cola Life, now sold in Fresh Market locations in a handful of Southern states, is 60 calories.
"We ultimately want to be leaders in this emerging segment," said Andy McMillin, vice president of Coca-Cola brands, in a statement.
Lowden says the target for Pepsi True is adults in their late 20s or early 30s.
Young women -- particularly young mothers -- are increasingly rejecting diet soft drinks because they don't like the chemicals in them. As a result, mid-calorie brands such as Coke Life and Pepsi True "have a real audience with Millennial women" concerned about both calories and chemicals, says Leann Leahy, president of The Via Agency.
2973 CONNECT 74 TWEET 100 LINKEDIN 13 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wYqJvZ
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Stocks spiral lower on global fears  Dow falls 200Wednesday,  1 Oct 2014 |  4:30  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Markets now: Traders are nervous
Dissecting the current market environment for the first trading day of the new quarter, with the FMHR traders.
U.S. stocks declined sharply on Wednesday, with the fourth quarter starting off on a dour note after the S&P 500's seventh quarterly gain, as investors fretted global concerns, mixed U.S. economic data and earnings ahead.
Benchmark indexes posted their worst beginning to October since 2011 as investors sought safety in U.S. Treasury bonds and gold,with the CBOE Volatility Index , a measure of investor uncertainty, rising. The Russell 2000 fell into correction territory, down 10 percent from its July record.
"In the here and now, there are too many global-macro concerns for investors to have confidence," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities, listing worries about ISIS, Ukraine and Russia, the slowdown in China "and ebola, which is causing things like airline stocks to go down."
Read More Fear factors that are crushing stocks
"As we sit on the eve of earnings season, and we had a bunch of weaker economic data today, and as you look at continued weakness in Europe, there is concern of does it bleed into earnings. It raises some doubt for investors as to what the earnings picture will look like," said Jim Dunigan, managing executive, investments, at PNC Wealth Management.
"October is a ghostly month anyway," Dunigan added.
Read More October off to its worst start in three years
"It's hard to get constructive with headlines of airstrikes in different parts of the world, so there are some doubts about what the economic environment looks like, particularly as we end the asset-purchase program," said PNC's Dunigan, referring to the Federal Reserve's bond buys, which are on track to conclude later this month.
Biotech companies involved in developing Ebola drugs rose, with Tekmira Pharmaceuticals and Sarepta Therapeutics among those rallying. Carriers including Delta Air Lines and JetBlue Airways fell on worries the disease might curb air travel . EBay slid after JPMorgan Chase and Jefferies Group downgraded shares of the online auctioneer.
"Will somebody decide not to go to Dallas? Maybe. I don't see that as a lasting situation," said Dunigan of the U.S. city where the first confirmed U.S. case of Ebola is hospitalized.
The Institute for Supply Management reported its manufacturing index hit 56.6 last month.
A separate report had construction spending dipping 0.8 percent in August.
"At least for today the economic data are a mixed bag; ISM manufacturing and spending could be characterized as weaker than expected," said Hogan.
U.S. private employers created 213,000 jobs last month, with the ADP National Employment Report roughly in line with expectations and coming ahead of Friday's nonfarm payrolls for September.
Symbol

MCX-SX to change namemarket and exchange
The Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has approved a new name for MCX Stock Exchange (MCX-SX) which will now be known as ‘Metropolitan Stock Exchange of India Ltd’, abbreviated as ‘mSXI’. “The name change is part of the turnaround strategy to give the exchange a new identity, disassociate from the promoters (Financial Technologies (India) Ltd. which was hit by Rs.5,600-crore National Sport Exchange Ltd. scam and shift to a high growth phase. The exchange is in the process of making an application to Registrar of Companies (RoC) for registration of the new name,” MCX-SX said in a statement.

CVS Caught Illegally Charging Women For Birth Controlreddit
CVS has been illegally charging women for birth control, violating an Obamacare provision that forces insurers to cover generic contraceptives at no cost to women.
Since learning of a price-coding error that erroneously charged approximately 11,000 women unlawful copays, CVS has moved to fix the problem and refund affected customers.
The issue was brought to public light by Rep. Jackie Speier (D-Calif.) after one of her staffers was charged a $20 copay when trying to buy generic birth control at a CVS in Washington, D.C. Such a copay is illegal under the Affordable Care Act. Speier wrote a letter to Larry Merlo, the CEO of CVS, earlier this month.
"Although my staff member's issue was eventually resolved a week and numerous phone calls and pharmacy visits later, I am concerned that most women who are likely not familiar with their rights under the ACA may go without this essential family planning service that is supposed to be guaranteed to them under law," Speier wrote in a letter dated September 9.
On September 19, Sol J. Ross, CVS's head of federal affairs, responded to Speier , saying that the company was handling the issue.
"Refund checks will be [sent] to affected plan members by September 26," Ross wrote. "In fact, refund checks have already started to go out and all should be received by October 1."
CVS told The Huffington Post Wednesday that it had identified the glitch before receiving Speier's letter.
"We are committed to assuring that our customers receive the pharmacy benefits that are available to them and apologize for any inconvenience this issue may have caused," a CVS spokesperson wrote in an email.
Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, millions of women no longer have to pay for preventative health services and screenings, like an annual check-up, pap-smears and generic birth control. According to a recent study from the Guttmacher Institute, the percentage of privately insured women who no longer have to pay out-of-pocket costs for birth control is growing quickly.
In fall 2012, before Obamacare went into effect, only 15 percent of insured women got free birth control pills. Today, that number is nearly 70 percent. The reason not all women today have health insurance that includes no-cost birth control is that some people are still covered by plans that are temporarily allowed to disregard this provision and other Obamacare rules. Eventually, virtually all health insurance will include no-cost contraceptives.
If you think you've been charged illegally for birth control at CVS, follow these instructions listed on Speier's website:
Customers with questions about an illegal co-pay charge, or those who want to make sure they are receiving a reimbursement and whose prescription drug benefits are covered through the Pharmacy Benefit Manager (PBM) CVS Caremark, are encouraged to call 1-800-704-6589 and ask to speak with a Tier 2 representative or supervisor about a generic birth control illegal co-pay charge to make sure that their call is immediately escalated to a staff member with override capabilities.
More:

Orbiter sends picture of dust storm on MarsUpdated: September 30, 2014 08:35 IST
Orbiter sends picture of dust storm on Mars
PTI
space programme
India’s Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) on Monday sent a picture of regional dust storm activities over the northern hemisphere of the Red Planet, Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) said.
“Regional dust storm activities over northern hemisphere of Mars - captured by Mars Colour Camera on-board Mars Orbiter Mission”, ISRO said.
It said the image was taken at an altitude of 74,500 kms from the surface of Mars. MOM spacecraft had sent its first images of the planet on Thursday, a day after creating history by becoming the only such endeavour so far to have met with success on the maiden attempt.
MOM aims to study the Martian surface and mineral composition and scan its atmosphere for methane, an indicator of life.
The spacecraft is equipped with five instruments, including a sensor to track methane or marsh gas, a colour camera and a thermal-imaging spectrometer to map the surface and mineral wealth of the planet.
The orbiter will keep moving in an elliptical path for at least six months.
The spacecraft was launched on its nine-month-long odyssey on a PSLV rocket from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh on November 5, last year. It had escaped the Earth’s gravitational field on December 1 and was placed in the Martian orbit on September 24.

I think Ive done fairly wellUpdated: September 30, 2014 19:40 IST
‘I think I’ve done fairly well’
Sangeetha Devi Dundoo
Special arrangement Ram Charan in Govindudu Andarivadele
Special arrangement Ram Charan
cinema
As ‘Govindudu Andarivadele’ opens today, Ram Charan talks about working with Krishnavamsi, scathing reviews and seven years in the industry
From the looks of the trailer, Govindudu Andarivadele seems to have all the staples one can expect from a family drama that comes from Krishnavamsi. Ram Charan, teaming up with the director for the first time, agrees, “It is a mainstream family entertainer with an emotional core. At a given time, the viewer will see around 40 members in the frame.”
Ram Charan, in a session with the media, discloses that he was to work with Krishnavamsi soon after Magadheera. “For some reason, things didn’t fall in place at that time. Govindudu… is a content-driven film. Murari, Ninne Pelladutha and Chandamama are among my favourite Krishnavamsi films. I believe that each genre needs to be dealt with in a certain way. Trying to mix mass masala elements into a family drama will dilute the genre. It was good to work with a filmmaker who doesn’t compromise on how he narrates a story. The film has its inspiration from Seetharamaiah Gari Manavaralu but this is a completely new story.”
Charan hasn’t done a family drama and his last few films have towed the line of action and ‘mass masala’ entertainers as the Telugu industry would term it. “I didn’t set out to do only masala films. I am open to different genres. Looking back, I feel Orange might have worked if it had been treated well.”
In Govindudu…, he plays an NRI returning to meet his family and ironing out a few strained relationships. Talking of his character, he says, “I play an NRI who hasn’t lost out on Indian cultural values. I’ve often heard that NRIs are more clued into our festivals and rituals than we are but while making this film, I got to meet a few people from whom I understood this better.”
The film went through changes in its cast. For instance, Tamil actor Raj Kiran was replaced by Prakash Raj after a few days of shooting. “Raj Kiran is a terrific actor but we felt that the portions ended up looking more like a Tamil film. With Prakash Raj stepping in, a few scenes had to be rewritten but this will work to the favour of the film,” says Charan. This film will also see Charan him share the screen with Srikanth, with whom he says he shares a comfortable rapport. “We’ve got along well since the days of Shankardada MBBS.”
Of late, Krishnavamsi’s films haven’t fared well and Charan says, “Some of his films have failed, not him. Working with Krishnavamsi, I learnt to see things from a different perspective. I would read a scene and visualise it in a certain way.
But the way Vamsi narrates it would open up new points of view. I think he’s helped me discover new facets of acting.”
It’s been seven years since the release of his first film Chirutha and Charan has had seven releases so far. He reflects, “I think I’ve done fairly well.” He doesn’t regret doing Zanjeer/Thoofan and is contemplating another film in Hindi. We ask him about the scathing reviews of Zanjeer and he quips, “Yes, critics said I was ‘wooden’ and had ‘zero expression’. I don’t know. Maybe I didn’t connect with the character and the film. Or it could be the director’s inputs, but I don’t intend to pin the blame on anyone. Apurva (Lakhia) is a good friend. We just didn’t hit the bull’s eye.”
Mani Ratnam film: “We discussed a film and then parted ways after realising it wouldn’t work for both of us. Now, Mammooty’s son Dulquer Salman is doing the film. I’d love to work with Mani Ratnam someday. Who wouldn’t want to?”
A film with Gautam Menon: “We are planning a Tamil film, which should go on floors in 2015.”
Bollywood, again: Despite the failure of Zanjeer, Charan has plans for a new Hindi film.

New Yorker cartoonist Liza Donnelly strikes apt chords with Women on MenBy Michael Cavna September 30 Follow @comicriffs
 
LIZA DONNELLY, the ever-talented New Yorker cartoonist of several decades, is a finalist for the Thurber Prize for American Humor , for her latest insightful collection of cartoons, “Women on Men.”
It is not only fitting that Donnelly be up for the award — named for the humorist who own works appeared in the New Yorker — but also high time: No woman has won the Thurber Prize in its 14-year history.
Comic Riffs caught up with Donnelly to talk about skewering dating and relationships; satirizing gender politics; and the art of capturing these truths a single panel at a time:
MICHAEL CAVNA: Congratulations on being a Thurber finalist, Liza. So, what’s your strategy for bumping aside David Letterman’s candidacy? “Women on Men” (Narrative Library) is so good, you actually might override the “sympathy vote” that piggybacks Letterman’s big late-night retirement in a few months.
LIZA DONNELLY: Thanks, Michael! I am a huge Letterman fan, and have been since the very first night he was on late night TV. I love his brand of humor, and thought even better of him after he had New Yorker cartoonist, and friend of mine, Jack Ziegler on his show. How many late-night TV shows have cartoonists as guests? So, while I’d do anything to win this thing, I will be happy if Letterman gets it. As they say in Hollywood, it’s an honor to be nominated…particularly with David Letterman.
MC: Speaking of awards, this has been quite a wonderful run in recent weeks for some top established women cartoonists, yourself included. Roz (Chast) being long-listed for the National Book Award, of course, and Alison Bechdel being awarded a MacArthur “genius grant.” I’ve heard some younger cartoonists like Susie Cagle — who just won an ONA award herself — speak to a certain dichotomy: It’s a shame we’re not further along that so many of these awards for women are historic “firsts” – yet it’s so great to see superlative cartoonists who happen to be women be so honored. Could you speak some to your reaction to these recent honors for pioneers like you, Roz and Alison?
LD: One of the problems with editorial art is that until recently, not many women have been choosing it as a career. Of course, there have been exceptions historically. There are a number of reasons for this — there is no simple answer. But it has to do with societal norms: a tendency for women not to want to put their opinions forth in a powerful way [the same is true in editorial opinion columns], in part because women are “raised” to not do so by society — it is not “ladylike.” This is now changing.
Secondly, the norm for what is considered excellence in this art form is changing and that opens the doors for other ways to express ideas. Roz Chast, Alison Bechdel are innovators, and their work is now considered to be great, and it is! Their work also speaks to politics of daily life, the politics of being a woman, and this is recognized as a new and valid area of exploration. Years ago, it would not have been considered “important.” I think it’s wonderful that women are being recognized, and I am honored to be among them in these recent years.
[FROM KIRKUS TO THE MACARTHUR: It's been a "banner" year for women graphic novelists, editorial artists ]
MC: Your talk at the National Book Festival last month was very well-received, eliciting loud rounds of true, knowing laughter – not always an easy feat when showing (and reading aloud) gag panels to a big room [he said, speaking from painful experience]. In fact, I thought one of the best dynamics I saw in the room was that women of all [adult] generations were identifying with your work, laughing heartily — in some cases, even nudging boyfriends or husbands who seemed slower on the recognition uptake. Could you talk about two things related to that:
(a) The careful art of talking about, and showing, your work to sizable audiences; and (b) Do you find that your work transcends generations, if not also gender?
LD: (a) It was a great audience — it’s wonderful to hear your observations. I actually constructed the speech to not just be about women, but wanted to appeal to everyone, so I’m glad it did. It is tricky to write a speech for a large audience using cartoons–you have to make you points simple and make sure the cartoons can be read quickly. I have been doing more multi-paneled cartoons lately, and they do not work well in this type of setting. The quick punch of a single-panel cartoon works very well. I also try to choose cartoons of mine that “illustrate” what I am saying, I don’t just stand there and talk about the cartoon. Rather I have an underlying idea I want to get across and the cartoon is like an accent. I am doing more and more of these kinds of talks around the country to many different types of groups.
(b) I always love when people come to thank me after a talk, particularly young women because I really want to appeal to all generations (and all genders). When I wrote my book “When Do They Serve The Wine?,” I was teaching women’s studies and humor studies at Vassar College , I used my and others’ cartoons to make points, and realized how important it is for women of different generations to seriously talk to one another. Each generation makes the same mistakes and we can stop that if we just share our experiences. What better way than with humor?
MC: In “Women on Men,” you write in one of your sectional chapter breaks that only relatively recently has it been socially acceptable for women to share certain body-related humor in [polite?] mixed company. You write: “So now men are learning how to laugh at our vagina jokes. Just as for generations we have patiently laughed at their penis jokes. Our turn.” Could you talk about this longtime double standard for humor in social settings, as you have experienced it? When did you really notice true waves of change — and have professional women humorists helped bring about that change?
LD: I only realized this later in my career, primarily because I was busy just drawing and not thinking about gender issues. But I think the barriers began to break down slowly, starting with professional comedians like Phyllis Diller and Joan Rivers, continuing with Lily Tomlin and Whoopi Goldberg. Now there are many great comics who are women, pushing all kinds of boundaries, I can’t name them all there are so many of them. What comedians do is very public and it affects humor in related fields. Historically in the past, the kind of humor that women shared only with each other stayed in that circle. Now it can be mainstream, provided it is good.
MC: Prior to your husband Michael [Maslin, himself a New Yorker cartoonist], was your dating history sometimes as painful as you depict in your work — or is that mostly comic hyperbole? And on a related note of humor: Is it fair to summarize that you are “anti-” men’s exposed Bermuda-short knees (unless actually IN Bermuda), plaid shirts and porkpies, sauerkraut and male Spanx (which I believe do exist and are called “Manx”)? Because this all makes for fantastic fodder in your book.
LD: My dating life prior to Michael was at times fun, at times very painful, just as I say in the book! I was very glad to find Michael when I did, because I had had it with dating. And as concerns clothing (and food)–its fun to make fun of people’s choices, isn’t it? Men or women–we all have our quirks, and my poking at those things is done only with affection. I, of course, never ever make any stupid choices.
MC: I’ve gotta ask: Does Michael approve, or consent to, all material contained therein? As a cartoonist himself, he has to appreciate fair play and turnabout, etc., right? — even if you’ve outed him as rapidly anti-dancing.
LD: When I asked Michael this question, he said, “Approve?” And then he laughed. Everything is fair game, pretty much.
MC: And speaking of your work and Michael’s, I’m fascinated by divergent “work vs. play” approaches to cartooning. Both of you have such a sense of warmth to your work — could you talk about your process to getting there, as opposed to Michael’s?
All images courtesy of LIZA DONNELLY.
LD: Thank you! We both have similar ways of working, in that it involves a lot of playful exploration of images and words. But where we differ is that for some of my work, I look for political or social commentary to draw. My process is often more outwardly directed, his inwardly directed.
MC: Your style is masterfully loose — has it gotten any easier over the years to perfect this looseness, which can take deceptive precision?
LD: I work hard to make it loose. Now I am afraid it might be getting too loose! Sometimes I feel I am in such a rush to get my idea out there that I skimp on the drawing. Soon you will just see some scrawls with a caption underneath.
MC: Is there any advice you give to aspiring cartoonists — whether women cartoonists specifically, or all cartoonists — who ask you about starting out as visual humorists?
LD: Keep drawing and don’t worry too much about what others think. Make a lot of mistakes — that’s what will get you to the good ideas. And stick with it, because sometimes it takes a long time to build a career. But it’s worth it!
 
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

Step Out of Your Comfort Zonereddit
As you head into a new year, step out of your comfort zone... starting NOW.  Commit TODAY to doing something in this respect, brands and individuals alike.
Why?  Because the challenge of operating in an uncomfortable zone keeps you growing and moving forward in ways far greater than what you can do sitting inside your comfort zone.  Life is way too full of possibilities for you to let it all pass you by.   And let me remind you that fear is no excuse.  Do you think today's great visionaries were ever afraid to step outside of their comfort zones?  Most definitely... but they did it anyway!
The same goes for brands and retailers:  if you want to stand out, get noticed, and be truly amazing at what you do and offer, you can't do it from inside your comfort zone.  Innovation happens OUTSIDE your comfort zone!
For many of you, your comfort zone is doing business in the same way you've done it for the past 10, 5, or even 2 years.  Business is no longer the same as it was just last year, so you need to step out there and change the way you do business!
The new way of doing business pushes our comfort zones constantly, so why not just step right up and show that you're willing to risk YOUR comfort to deliver value for your customers:
Trust your customers first: take your own wisdom with a grain of salt until you've confirmed (or disconfirmed) it with actual consumers.
Focus on relationships first: this isn't just a buzz phrase.  When you put energy into getting to know and serve your customers and audience, the ROR (Return on Relationship™) includes sales, loyalty, and increases to your bottom line.
Insist on authenticity: it's harder to hide the real "colors" (and message) of your brand and business when you're outside of your comfort zone.  Let your customers see what's real, ask them for honest feedback, and for goodness sake... don't filter the less-than-positive! The result will be dedicated brand advocates.
Where does your comfort zone end?  Go there, and beyond... TODAY!
Follow Ted Rubin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TedRubin
More:

Step By Step Guide To Make $10 Million And Then Totally Blow Itreddit
$70 million was a lot of money for me at the time. And I couldn't sleep at night until I gave back every dollar to the people who gave it to me.
I was running the sort of fund where people gave me money and then I invested it in other funds. The only problem was, I couldn't figure out what funds were total scams and what funds were legit. In retrospect, I think about 9 or 10 of the 12 funds I was invested in were total scams.
For instance, and this is all in the SEC filings, one fund manager stole $10 million from his fund that I was invested in. He then paid a $50,000 fine when he was caught. Now he's nowhere. I mean, he's somewhere but I can't find him. We're Facebook friends but the last update was him sitting on a beach and it was updated about five years ago.
My investors were furious. They had been making money every month with me. They didn't want their money back. When I told them I was going to give them their money back, with profits, they were so upset many of them didn't want me to take a fee.
In every business I had ever started, even ones that had totally failed, I had kept good relations with the investors. Except for this one. Not a single relationship survived even though I had made money for everyone.
When you can't figure out how you are making money. It's time to change.
In 1998 when kids in high school were learning how to make websites, I sold my website design business for $15 million. Two years later almost all website design businesses were out of business.
And then in 2006, when no matter how hard I tried to figure it out it seemed like the world economy had gone crazy and I didn't understand how these funds were making money. I pulled out all the money.
But I needed something to do or I would quickly go broke. I don't want to act here like I was totally altruistic. I was so miserable all the time. I felt like I had failed and I was also having problems in my marriage. The sort of problems where you'd get in an argument and get kicked out of a car in the middle of nowhere.
I decided to do the only thing I knew how to do and the only thing that has ever made me money ever.
I took one thing I loved and married it to another thing I loved. And, thus, created a new thing. I loved Internet businesses, having built and sold one. And I loved the financial business, despite the fact that it was almost all a scam.
I shut down my fund.
Then, each step that follows was critical to success. If I missed one of these steps I would've failed. Each step was a small step. If you focus on big steps, you'll slip on the small steps.
1) I spec-ed out a website I wanted to make: a financial site that had no news on it but was focused on building community by exchanging ideas. I wanted to give people a way to make good decisions on their own.
When I say "spec," I wrote down what all the buttons on the front page would do and what other content would appear on the front page. I completely defined the next five layers of the site and what buttons and actions and content would occur on each page.
2) Once I had the spec, I went to a firm in India and asked them to design five pages of the website. Just the design. No code. This cost me $500.
3) I showed a potential distribution partner (thestreet.com) those pages and worked out a deal where they would help me get traffic AND they would place ads in exchange for 50 percent ownership. They had a billion pageviews a year so I said, "YES!!" (Actually, not quite true. I said, I was thinking 3 percent ownership for them and Tom said, "No, 50 percent" and then I said, "YES!!")
4) I paid the Indian firm to finish the site. This cost $2,000. Then I came up with more ideas for the site and more ideas and more ideas and although we did a soft launch at version 1.0, we did a hard launch at version 5.0 about five months later.
5) I got my friends to use the site. First I created over 700 fake users and manually entered in probably over 10,000 pieces of data onto the site just to make it useful right away. Don't be afraid to do things manually to get things going on your site. Even with user-generated content it's OK if you are the first 1000 users if you expect a million users to benefit from it.
Every successful business, even Google, Facebook, Twitter, started with a combination of manual improvements and friends of the founders using the site.
I got my friends to write reviews of the site on their popular blogs. I wrote articles that would link back to the useful content on the site. I guest blogged on many different websites. This is how you get users back to your site.
Everyone asks me, "how do I get users to my site." The above is the answer. It's the only answer.
Don't forget: when you start a website, it's not yet a trusted site. So you have to bring people from a trusted site to your site to build up the trust in your site.
This is true for any site: financial sites, bird-watching sites, weight loss sites, sports sites, whatever.
I created three areas of community on the site: a way for people to message and have "friends." A user-generated forum system, and a Q&A system. The Q&A system in particular generated 40 percent of the traffic the day after it launched.
I had ads on every page at this point. A million users a month. And no employees. So we were profitable. We were making about $100,000 a month with zero employees in just four months. Being too afraid to build this into a big business, I sold the site almost instantly.
I could've used other examples. I could've used the debit card business I started. The delivery service I started. The mental health hospital I was involved in. The billion revenues business I'm on the board of directors of and the many other businesses I've advised and consulted with and invested in.
But the lessons are all the same.
LESSONS LEARNED
GET DOWN ON YOUR HANDS AND KNEES AND SCRUB. Even when something is scalable, don't be afraid to get down on your hands and knees and be the first part of that scaling. Don't expect anonymous users to do all your initial hard work. Don't expect computers to do all your initial hard work.
YOU do all your initial hard work.
FREE CONTENT ON THE FRONT PAGE: I had so much free content available it obscured the design. Everyone cares too much about design. Value is 10x more important than design.
OUTSOURCE IN INCREMENTAL STAGES. First we designed pages, then after we knew we were going to get big distribution, we made the rest of the site. Then, based on user feedback and more ideas, we designed four more versions before an official launch. The site changed drastically from version 1.0 to version 5.0.
DIVERSIFY YOUR DISTRIBUTION. Although there was one primary source of distribution (thestreet.com) where I was getting traffic from, I also worked out deals to get traffic from AOL. Yahoo, Forbes, Reuters, and basic advertising.
HERE'S HOW TO NOT WORRY ABOUT COMPETITION. I had competition but they were doing the "build it and they will come" technique. 95 percent of businesses forget that it's important to be the first heavy users of your product.
A restaurant is a great example of this. The initial success of a pizza restaurant doesn't depend just on how good the pizza is, but how many of your friends and their friends come in the door to buy it. Don't be afraid to call everyone in your rolodex to come on over and try the pizza.
Actually, this is not quite true either. When I first realized I had competition, I cried. I actually called the developers in India and told them it was all over. They had to cheer me up. One thing I learned ultimately, was that the biggest asset the business had was the passion my partner and I had for it. That passion was much higher than the passion of our competitors so we ended up creating and implementing the best ideas. End of competition.
I DIDN'T KNOW ANYONE. I cold-called Yahoo, AOL, and Forbes to get on their radar.
In fact, I had a "negative network." The first guy I called at Yahoo said he knew me. "Oh yeah?" I said because I had no idea who he was.
He said, "Yeah, I invested in your wireless Internet business and lost my investment."
You would think that would have hurt my chances. Yahoo became one of my biggest sources of distribution after that call. That guy became my biggest advocate within Yahoo.
The key is to anticipate what they might want, show them how it will cost them nothing but they will get huge benefit from it, and then just simply do it. Make it as easy as possible for the other side to say "yes" before you ask them.
If you want someone to say "yes," show them exactly what "yes" looks like and show them that it is already made.
COMBINE INTERESTS: I had been 20 years already in the technology business (since I was in college). And I had been in the financial industry for about seven years then. So I combined interests and made the best financial website. Nobody else was as well-placed in this intersection as I was.
MAKE THE BUSINESS YOU WOULD USE: I wanted a site with no news, but tons of interesting ideas, perspectives, ideas, and community.
Investing based on news is the fastest way to poverty but it is very common in the hedge fund business for professional investors to call each other and exchange ideas. Hedge fund managers are on the phone all day with each other.
I made it very simple for everyone, and not just hedge fund managers, to do that online.
ABD: Always be dealmaking. Even though I had a 50 percent distribution partner right from the beginning I was constantly meeting with companies and people to see what extra deals I could make.
I would come up with ideas about the value I could deliver them and then I would offer up that value. Maybe they needed a white label version of my site. Maybe they needed content from my site. Maybe they needed their blog to be distributed on my site, maybe they wanted their newsletter sold on my site.
I did any deal I could do. Until finally I sold the site. But that wasn't even the final deal. I stuck with it and the site continued to grow.
NOTHING IS A STRAIGHT LINE. There were constant cases where the code was bad on the site and the site would crash if it had too many users at the same time. Every other week I thought I was going to have a heart attack because the site kept crashing.
And some companies were very slow to do deals with me. Some companies outright rejected me (Google). You can't be bitter or burn bridges. There may come another day, another company, or all the people at Google might move to other places where you do business with. The key here is to always stay in touch and provide monthly updates showing how you are improving things. Always be willing to help people no matter what.
HOW DO YOU KNOW WHEN TO GIVE UP?
Every step of the way I was willing to give up if I didn't see some form of traction. Sometimes that meant more users. Sometimes that meant more profits. Sometimes that meant more technology that I really liked and ideas implemented that people wrote great reviews about.
BUILD COMMUNITY BY HAND. I traveled around the country holding meetups with the most active users so I could see with my own eyes how the site was helping people. It was exciting to me. As long as I had that excitement, I knew something was working.
The people who showed up at those meetups became almost like ambassadors for the site. They were so active they used the site more than me. Nothing beats face to face meeting to build your ambassadors.
Why did I go myself to most of these meetups?
There's a saying in Argentina, "When the CEO is looking, the cow grows fatter." A business builds fastest when the CEO is looking at it. There's a thousand details that the CEO sees. There's 100 details that the COO sees. There's 10 details that the regular employee sees. And details slip through the cracks when there is nobody.
At the same time I had also started a dating site (or four) and none of them got traction even though the sites were beautiful and I had smoked my own crack and thought the businesses were great. But no users equals no traction.
Perseverance is like a fire that needs oxygen.
Love is the oxygen for perseverance. You can love it. Users can love it. Partners can love it. Investors can love it. There are a lot of sources of love. Businesses and humans need love to live.
Ultimately, you create value for people and that's how you build the love.
Business is just the delivery mechanism of that love.
Then love + perseverance = abundance.
I sold that business for $10 million and then two years later I was dead broke because once again I forgot all about love. I squandered the love. I forgot my small successes and made them into a big failure.
So I had to start from scratch again. Which I did.
Read more by James Altucher at www.jamesaltucher.com .
Follow James Altucher on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jaltucher
More:

How This Group Of Women Entrepreneurs Increased Their Revenue By 480 PercentHow This Group Of Women Entrepreneurs Increased Their Revenue By 480 Percent
Posted:
reddit
The odds were stacked against Gircilene Gilca de Castro when she set out to launch her catering company several years ago.
Gilca de Castro, 44, comes from a self-described “very humble” background. Many women in her community in Belo Horizonte, Brazil, have several kids and few job skills by the time they reach their late teens, she said. Gilca de Castro had already launched a company that failed after just one year.
Today, her business has 12 clients and a staff of 45, most of whom are women. The catering company allows Gilca de Castro to afford a prestigious bilingual school for her 7-year-old daughter, she said recently, her damp eyes beaming with pride. “My brothers were always like, ‘You’re crazy, how are you going to start a company now?’” she said through a translator. “That’s where the character, the profile of the entrepreneur, comes out. You believe in yourself.”
De Castro with some of her staffers.
In addition to her own perseverance, Gilca de Castro credits another, more surprising source for her success: Goldman Sachs. Gilca de Castro is one of the thousands of graduates of Goldman’s 10,000 women initiative, which aims to help female entrepreneurs in emerging economies grow their businesses. Through the selective program, women attend classes at local business schools and participate in networking and mentoring events, with an eye towards learning skills like writing a business plan and raising capital.
Goldman launched the program in 2008, when the financial sector had become the public’s punching bag. Goldman, later dubbed the "Vampire Squid," symbolized for many the kinds of excesses, greed and penchant for extreme risk that dragged the economy into crisis. But for Gilca de Castro and thousands of other women in the program around the world, the bank has offered new resources to help them grow their small businesses.
Nearly 70 percent of the participants in Goldman's program increased their revenues 18 months after graduation, according to a progress report by researchers at Babson College, produced earlier this month in collaboration with the bank. The women saw revenue growth of 480 percent on average, the report found.
This chart from the Babson report shows how program participants have increased their staff and revenues after 18 months.
Despite the impressive growth, the program has had trouble moving the needle in one important category: Convincing the entrepreneurs to ask for outside money. Just 47 percent of the women in the program applied for external funding before or after completion, even though a large share said they needed it, according to the progress report .
Part of the reason the women are so hesitant to ask for the money is because they’re nervous they won’t get it, according to Patricia Greene, a professor of entrepreneurship at Babson who worked on the report. Even in the U.S., where the business world is theoretically egalitarian, companies with female CEOs made up less than 3 percent of the businesses that got venture capital funding between 2011 and 2013, according to another study published Tuesday by Babson.
“No one likes to fail,” Greene said. “You like to have some confidence that when you’re stepping into something, there’s some good likelihood of success.”
Participating in Goldman’s program helped Sharmila Jain gain that confidence, she said. Jain owns a packaging company in Hyderabad, India, and she was seeking a loan to build a new plant at the same time that she was taking classes at a local business school through 10,000 Women. Securing the funding was of tantamount importance: At the time, Jain was pursuing a large, European client who would only sign on with her if she moved out of her “ramshackle” factory, she said.
As she was contemplating giving up on the client, Jain, 46, shared her story with a professor who urged her to press on. A month later, she got the client, and several months after that she had a brand new plant. Jain now has 57 workers and does $75,000 in business every year, she said.
Jain credits her success both to the Goldman program and to her own "stubborn" attitude in the face of societal pressures to focus on taking care of family instead of on a career. “I thought just because I’m a girl, it doesn’t mean that I don’t deserve respect,” she said.
Success stories like Jain’s are important to more than just the entrepreneurs themselves because “growth begets growth,” Greene said. “It changes stereotypes, changes the amount of money circulating in the economy, creates jobs,” she said.
Some have suggested that Goldman’s program could do more for economic development by not limiting the enrollees to women. At a lunch announcing the progress report to a group that included bankers, academics and philanthropists, a few attendees noted that entrepreneurs in emerging markets all face huge barriers to growing their businesses, regardless of gender. “Most of the efforts these days are more integrated,” said Mauro Guillen, the author of Women Entrepreneurs, Inspiring Stories from Emerging Economies and Developing Countries and a professor of international management at Penn's Wharton School of Business.
And even as Goldman pays special attention to female small business owners abroad, the bank -- like the rest of Wall Street -- could do more to help women internally. Just one of the company's executive officers is a woman, according to Goldman's website, and only about 20 percent of the managing directors in its latest class are female, according to an analysis by CNBC.
Still, since the 1970s, economists have recognized the importance of investing in women to spur growth in countries racing to become so-called “developed markets.” A book published around that time by Danish economist Ester Boserup, called Women’s Role In Economic Development, pushed organizations like the United Nations and the World Bank to launch programs focused on the issue.
“If you have this human capital embedded in women and if for whatever reason they’re underrepresented in any sphere of economic activity, then that’s a wasted resource, you’re wasting at least half of the talent pool,” said Guillen. “It’s impossible for any country in the world to be rich without having a very high labor participation rate by women.”
More:

California Becomes First State To Ban Plastic BagsCalifornia Becomes First State To Ban Single-Use Plastic Bags
 | By                                                                By FENIT NIRAPPIL
Updated:
10/01/2014 12:59 am EDT
A woman walks with a plastic bag in Sacramento, Calif., on Wednesday, May 14, 2014. (AP Photo) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — Gov. Jerry Brown on Tuesday signed the nation's first statewide ban on single-use plastic bags at grocery and convenience stores, driven to action by pollution in streets and waterways.
A national coalition of plastic bag manufacturers immediately said it would seek a voter referendum to repeal the law, which is scheduled to take effect in July 2015.
Under SB270, plastic bags will be phased out of checkout counters at large grocery stores and supermarkets such as Wal-Mart and Target starting next summer, and convenience stores and pharmacies in 2016. The law does not apply to bags used for fruits, vegetables or meats, or to shopping bags used at other retailers. It allows grocers to charge a fee of at least 10 cents for using paper bags.
State Sen. Alex Padilla, D-Los Angeles, credits the momentum for statewide legislation to the more than 100 cities and counties, including Los Angeles and San Francisco, that already have such bans.
The law marks a major milestone for environmental activists who have successfully pushed plastic bag bans in cities across the U.S., including Chicago, Austin and Seattle. Hawaii is also on track to have a de-facto statewide ban, with all counties approving prohibitions.
"This bill is a step in the right direction — it reduces the torrent of plastic polluting our beaches, parks and even the vast ocean itself," Brown said in a signing statement. "We're the first to ban these bags, and we won't be the last."
Plastic bag manufacturers have aggressively pushed back through their trade group, the American Progressive Bag Alliance, which aired commercials in California blasting the ban as a cash-giveaway to grocers that would lead to a loss of thousands of manufacturing jobs.
"If this law were allowed to go into effect, it would jeopardize thousands of California manufacturing jobs, hurt the environment and fleece consumers for billions so grocery store shareholders and their union partners can line their pockets," Lee Califf, executive director of the manufacturer trade group, said in a statement.
Padilla, the bill's author, said Californians would reject a referendum effort and quickly adapt their behavior to help the environment.
"For those folks concerned about the 10 cent fee that may be charged for paper, the simple elegant solution is to bring a reusable bag to the store," Padilla said.
Shoppers leaving a Ralphs supermarket Tuesday in downtown San Diego were divided as they weighed the legislation's environmental benefits against its costs. San Diego does not ban plastic bags.
"With the amount of waste that we produce, we can try to help out by slightly inconveniencing ourselves," said Megan Schenfeld, 29, whose arms were full of groceries in plastic bags after leaving reusable bags at home.
Robert Troxell, a 69-year-old former newspaper editor, said the fees are more than an inconvenience for retirees living on fixed incomes like him. He shops daily because he has only a small refrigerator in his hotel for low-income seniors.
"It becomes a flat tax on senior citizens," said Troxell, who lives off social security and other government assistance. "I have not disagreed with Jerry Brown on anything — until this."
The American Forest and Paper Association, a trade group representing paper bag makers, says the bill unfairly penalizes consumers who use their commonly recycled products, while holding reusable plastic bags to a lower standard for recyclable content.
Responding to the concerns about job losses, the bill includes $2 million in loans for plastic bag manufacturers to shift their operations to make reusable bags. That provision won the support of Los Angeles Democratic Sens. Kevin De Leon and Ricardo Lara, who had blocked earlier versions of the legislation.
Lawmakers of both parties who opposed SB270 said it would penalize lower-income residents by charging them for bags they once received for free. The bill was amended to waive fees for customers who are on public assistance and limit how grocers can spend the proceeds from the fees.
Massachusetts, New Jersey, Rhode Island and Puerto Rico also have pending legislation that would ban single-use bags, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.
___
Associated Press writer Elliot Spagat in San Diego contributed to the report.
___
Follow Fenit Nirappil at www.twitter.com/FenitN .
Also on HuffPost:

Thales  Bharat Electronics Form JV in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
Thales, Bharat Electronics Form Joint Venture in India
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 01, 2014 05:17 (IST)
Royal Enfield on Expansion Mode, to Set Up Third Plant
New Delhi: Navratna PSU Bharat Electronics and French technology firm Thales on Tuesday announced that the Corporate Affairs Ministry has approved incorporation of their joint venture company, BEL-Thales Systems Limited.
"We are confident that our JV company will benefit from the significant technology transfers and support from Thales, and from the extensive industrial and design skills of BEL," Bharat Electronics chairman and managing director S K Sharma said in a statement.
This joint venture company will primarily focus on designing, development, marketing, supply and support of civilian and select defence radars for domestic and global markets.
The first board meeting of BEL-Thales Systems Limited has been already held on September 26.
BEL holds a 74 per cent stake in the joint venture while Thales holds the remaining 26 per cent.
The initial product portfolio of BEL-THALES Systems will comprise innovative solutions for air surveillance, including Air Traffic Management radars, and select ground-based military radars.
The ultimate objective of the JV is to expand its scope in other fields than radars in the defence electronics domain.
"We will constantly support BEL-Thales Systems to become a centre of excellence, offering solutions specifically aimed at meeting the needs of both Indian and export customers - in line with the government's 'Make in India' approach," Thales managing director in India Eric Lenseigne said.
Story first published on: October 01, 2014 05:17 (IST)

This app is essential for protestersThis app is helping Hong Kong protesters organize without a cell network
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 30, 2014: 11:05 PM ET
 
Meet the man connecting Hong Kong protesters
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Anyone who has ever been to a big sporting event or a stadium concert knows that large crowds can quickly overwhelm local cell towers, making communication pretty much impossible.
Pro-democracy protesters in Hong Kong -- who need functioning phones to organize -- appear to have found a solution to this problem.
More than 100,000 people in Hong Kong downloaded an app called FireChat in a recent 24-hour period. The app allows protesters to keep chatting, even when their phones lose mobile network connectivity.
FireChat works by connecting users in a daisy chain, or mesh network, via Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. No mobile network is required, and users can choose to remain anonymous.
"With FireChat, it's completely decentralized," said Micha Benoliel, CEO of Open Garden, the app's developer. "And that means you can get connectivity from the people and devices around you -- directly."
Related: Hong Kong protesters willing to pay economic price
The benefits of FireChat have caught the attention of demonstration organizers, many of whom are encouraging protesters to download the app.
"Before you go near the government headquarters, please go to the App Store and download FireChat," Joshua Wong, the 17-year-old leader of a student protest group , urged supporters on Facebook. "Use this app to broadcast our situation to the outside world."
Photo essay: Police use tear gas as 'Occupy' comes to Hong Kong
Benoliel, who was in Hong Kong as protests escalated over the weekend, said the protesters were well prepared and well organized, and had anticipated that large crowds would complicate communication.
"They knew that at some point the cellular networks would be shut down or would just be overloaded by a number of people gathering in the same place, so they know that Firechat is a way to remain connected and communicate," Benoliel said.
While Benoliel said that FireChat was not designed specifically with protest movements in mind, it does seem to be catching on at demonstrations. In Taiwan, "Sunflower Movement" protesters also used the app earlier this year as they protested closer ties with Beijing.
First Published: September 30, 2014: 11:05 PM ET
Most Popular

10 things to know about the new Windows 10Updated: October 1, 2014 10:09 IST
10 things to know about the new Windows 10
Internet Desk
AP Microsoft has promised that Windows 10 will be familiar for users regardless of which version of Windows they are now using.
TOPICS
technology (general)
Microsoft on Tuesday announced its 'Windows 10' Operating System to replace the largely unpopular Windows 8. Here's what you need to know.
1. The start menu in Windows 10 will appear similar to what is found in Windows 7: start button will also open a series of tiles that resemble Windows 8.
2. The software will be available from mid-2015. The retail price is not finalised; however, users can sign up for the Windows Insider Programme to get an idea of the preview build.
3. Although the current version is called Windows 8, Microsoft says it is skipping ahead to Windows 10 to emphasize its effort to move forward.
4. The new version will allow users to switch between touch mode or keyboard input. The new Operating System will have a task view button on the taskbar which will allow users to quickly scan through the files, windows and desktops that are open.
5. Consumers will also be able to switch between Microsoft devices more easily and avoid having to buy the same apps multiple times.
6. Windows 10 will also boast of enhanced security, including separating and securing data in ways more resistant to breach or theft.
7. In Windows 10, full-screen apps will be optional. There's also support for multiple desktops.
8. Windows 10 will enhance Snap feature, the function that lets users arrange apps side by side.
9. The Operating System was originally codenamed Windows ‘Threshold’.
10. Windows 10 will also be designed to work on a wider range of computing devices.

Nissan Motor sales up by 64 per centUpdated: October 1, 2014 16:09 IST
Nissan Motor sales up by 64 per cent
PTI
AP The company retails various models including hatchback Micra, sedan Sunny, and premium SUV Terrano, among others.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Nissan Motor currently has a manufacturing facility at Oragadam near Chennai in joint venture with France-based automaker Renault.
Japanese car maker Nissan Motor has registered a 64.02 per cent jump in its sales in September, 2014, selling 4,145 units from 2,527 units sold during the same month of last year.
For the half year period ending September 30, 2014, the company had sold 25,741 units up by 105.7 per cent, from 12,515 units sold during the same period of previous year, a company statement said.
Nissan Motor currently has a manufacturing facility at Oragadam near Chennai in joint venture with France-based automaker Renault.
The company retails various models including hatchback Micra, sedan Sunny, and premium SUV Terrano, among others.

Ivascyn: Pimcos straight talking CIO© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ab832b1e-4949-11e4-8d68-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Diesel in over-recovery; retail prices exceed global ratesNew Delhi, October 1, 2014
Updated: October 1, 2014 23:21 IST
Profit on diesel sale swells to Rs.1.90 a litre
PTI
PTI Diesel currently costs Rs.58.97 in Delhi, Rs.67.26 in Mumbai, Rs.63.81 in Kolkata and Rs.62.92 in Chennai.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Diesel prices are being raised monthly by 50 paise a litre in line with the government’s January 2013 decision, while September was the first month that passed without a hike.
The profit on sale of diesel swelled to Rs.1.90 a litre as the Oil Ministry awaits return of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to cut rates.
With international oil prices continuing to slide, the over-recovery or profit on diesel sales, which was 35 paise in the second-half of September, climbed to Rs.1.90 a litre, an official statement said here.
Over-recovery or profit should have in natural course translated into a price reduction to bring retail selling price on a par with cost. But the Oil Ministry decided to wait and watch last month.
Now, with the profit rising further, it wants to reduce the rates and pass on the benefit to consumers but is unsure of its mandate.
Sources said the Ministry was of the opinion that it did not have a clear mandate to reduce rates post the January, 2013, decision of the Cabinet to hike prices by 40-50 paise a litre every month.
Diesel prices have not been deregulated or freed yet and so rates cannot be reduced.
Petrol, on the other hand, had been deregulated in June, 2010, and rates have since then moved every fortnight in tandem with the cost. Petrol rates were on Tuesday cut by 54 paise in line with the international trend.
Sources said Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan had already written to Mr. Modi on the emerging scenario. Also, the Ministry had written to the Election Commission seeking their concurrence for the price decrease in view of the State assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
A decision would be taken after Mr. Modi’s return, they said.
Softening international oil rates have meant that diesel under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost was wiped out, and there was an over-recovery of 35 paise a litre from September 16. This over-recovery is now Rs 1.90 a litre.
But under-recoveries continue on kerosene and LPG.

Major car makers report good domestic sales in Septemberautomobile
While car makers like Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai, Honda, Toyota and M&M reported good domestic sales others like Tata Motors, General Motors and Ford India reported decline in sales.
The month of September brought in some festive cheer for the automakers as major car makers, including Maruti Suzuki, Hyundai and Honda, reported good growth in domestic sales with first-time buyers entering the car market. A series of new launches by automobile giants during the month also pushed sales.
Market leader Maruti Suzuki registered 9.8 per cent jump in sales at 99,290 units during the month against 90,399 units in the year-ago period, driven by compact cars segment comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire, which grew 18.1 per cent to 43,304 units.
On the back of a strong demand for its new Elite i20, Hyundai Motor India Ltd. (HMIL) registered a growth of 14.5 per cent. It sold 35,041 units compared to 30,601 units in September, 2013. HMIL Senior Vice-President (Sales and Marketing) Rakesh Srivastava said, “In this festive season, we are seeing a significant increase in first-time buyers and exchange buyers, which is very encouraging as it will accelerate the positive momentum already being experienced in the last few months.”
Likewise, Honda Cars India Ltd. (HCIL) reported 45 per cent increase in domestic sales at 15,015 units. “We continue to perform strongly with strong demand for all our models during this festival period,” HCIL Senior Vice-President (Marketing and Sales) Jnaneswar Sen said.
Toyota Kirloskar Motor Ltd (TKML) said its sales in the domestic market stood at 12,552 units during the month, up 4.46 per cent as compared to 12,015 units in the same month last year. Its Senior Vice-President (Sales and Marketing) N. Raja said,
“We have registered growth this month. The industry is beginning to gradually turnaround. Positive market sentiment combined with the festive season is expected to boost sales in the coming months as well.”
Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra’s domestic sales (vehicles of all categories) grew by 4.5 per cent to 42,408 units. M&M Chief Executive (Automotive Division and International Operations) (AFS) Pravin Shah said, “We expect the ensuing festive season to bring in some much needed cheer with a slew of new launches from manufacturers.”
For Tata Motors, sales of passenger vehicles in the domestic market stood at 11,931 units, down 7 per cent from 12,839 units in September 2013. GM India’s sales declined by 37.38 per cent to 4,413 units, while Ford India saw 36.22 per cent drop at 6,786 units.
For GM India, the numbers include 143 units of exports in September, marking the company’s maiden vehicle shipment to Chile.
Two-wheeler segment
In the two-wheeler segment, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India (HMSI) reported 33.32 per cent growth in domestic sales at 4.39 lakh units during the said month.
The Chennai-based TVS Motor Company said its domestic sales grew by 29 per cent at 2.17 lakh units.

Why is the Obama Administration so contemptuous of the Constitution and the rule of lawThat’s the question my article in this month’s Commentary tries to answer.
If you don’t already think that this administration is contemptuous of the Constitution and the rule of law, this article is unlikely to persuade you, because that’s not its primary focus.  I have an almost-completed book manuscript circulating to publishers as we speak that addresses that issue in great detail, so to see the full case you will have to wait for that.  (I’m also happy to consider speaking/debate invitations.)
But for those of us who are already convinced that this has been an unusually lawless administration, it’s worth asking why especially since Obama ran–sincerely, I think–on fidelity to the Constitution and restoring the rule of law after the Bush Adminstration’s constitutional misadventures.  The article elaborates on the following reasons:
(1) The administration has aggressively pursued unilateral executive action in the domestic sphere because “political reality has crushed its dreams of a new era of progressive government.” If the Administration couldn’t achieve all of its progressive goals, it was sure as heck going to preserve Obamacare, even if it had to play fast and loose with the law.
(2) Obama comes from an intellectual tradition that is very skeptical of traditional notions of the rule of law and constitutional fidelity, and that tends to conflate law and politics. I note that “it’s hardly news that government officials want to stretch their power as far as they can without clearly violating the law,” but, “what is news, however, is that top Obama-administration officials, as well as the president himself, seem to see this as a desirable way of governing, something to brag about rather than do surreptitiously. “
(3) “Previous presidents who engaged in wrongdoing have had members of their own political party who were willing to stand up and say so.  But with Washington politics more polarized than they have ever been since the Civil War—in part because, unlike for most of American history, the Democrats and Republicans have clearly divided into liberal and conservative factions—one cannot count on partisans for one side to criticize their own.”
(4) The traditional media establishment, which once saw its role as serving as a nonpartisan watchdog investigating and thus checking abuses by the government,  has changed, and has shown little interest in Obama Administration foibles. Hyperpartisan blogs like Media Matters are even worse. As one former liberal blogger puts it: “The incentives are to play ball, not to speak truth to power. More clicks. More action. Partisanship drives clicks.”
(5) The arrogance of post-1970s graduates of elite coastal universities, who believe that superior educational credentials make you superior more generally.
(6) The same elite culture, in its dominant liberal faction, tends to treat anyone to the right of a moderate Democrat as a wild-eyed extremist not susceptible to reason, and it’s hard to make the case that one should compromise with extremists when unilateral executive action is available.
Again, I elaborate on these points in some detail, and they are, I think, much more subtle than a one or two sentence summary can convey.  So read the whole thing.
 
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA.

Had Rajnath been BJP chief  alliance would have remained: Uddhav Thackeray36
0
New Delhi: In a veiled attacked on BJP chief Amit Shah, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray has said that he had told Rajnath Singh to continue as BJP President till the Maharashtra assembly elections and had he been at the helm of affairs the alliance would not have broken.
Thackeray also said that he had also contacted Singh, Sushma Swaraj and party patriach LK Advani during the talks with BJP on the seat-sharing and apprised them about the situation.
"I had told Rajnath Singh to continue as BJP President till Maharashtra elections. Had he been there, he would have kept us together. A day before BJP parliamentary board decided to nominate Modi as PM candidate, he had called me to tell me that his name will be announced and sought our support. I supported it. He is someone who can keep things together," Thackeray said.
"The way Amit Shah made the speech in Kolhapur, the way they were talking it was becoming clear that now they don't want us," Thackeray said.
#uddhav thackeray #maharastra #shiv sena #maharashtra assembly elections
"I had even called Advaniji to tell him what is happening and even he said that it won't be good if the alliance breaks. I told him that please forgive me if the alliance breaks," he added.
Thackeray said the way Shah spoke about a rally in Kolhpaur about having the next BJP government in Maharashtra, it was evident that BJP did not want Shiv Sena as ally.
"The way Amit Shah made the speech in Kolhapur, the way they were talking it was becoming clear that now they don't want us," Thackeray said.
The Sena leader said even earlier there were instances when there was a strain in the alliance but the "mature" leaders like late Pramod Mahajan and Gopinath Munde knew how much to stretch.
"My intention was never to break the alliance. When Mahajan and Munde and we were handling alliance issues, things were good. When Delhi-appointed people came in and started doing negotiations, things went wrong. Amit Shah told me Om Mathur (BJP leader) has been appointed to conduct negotiations. Mathur said we have been told by the parliamentary board to get equal or nothing. I told them that BJP's parliamentary board can decide your seats not mine," he said.
Speaking on the issue of resignation of lone Sena minister in Narendra Modi's cabinet Anant Geete, he said he will speak to the Prime Minister about this.
"I never made issues about only one cabinet in the government. Why should we resign? When Modi returns, I will speak to him," Thackeray said.
112

Heady mix of power and wealth is the bottom line in Jayalalithaa case:CourtThe court said that the 'huge accumulation of wealth in a short span of five years (1991-96) is a telling example of how power would lead to a concentration of unlawful wealth'. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Bangalore | Posted: October 1, 2014 8:58 pm | Updated: October 18, 2014 8:24 am
“Heady mix of power and wealth is the bottom line of this case,” the Special Court that gave a watershed verdict sentencing AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa  and three others to four years in jail in the disproportionate assets case has said.
“Huge accumulation of wealth in a short span of five years (1991-96) is a telling example of how power would lead to a concentration of unlawful wealth posing veritable danger to democratic structure,” Judge John Michael D’Cunha said in his 1136 page order.
In the verdict delivered on Saturday last that unseated Jayalalithaa from Chief Ministership, making it the first case of conviction of the person holding that post, the judge has also slapped a staggering fine of Rs 100 crore on her and Rs 10 crore on three other accused.
It was proved in evidence that, at the time of commencement of the check period (1991-96), Jayalalithaa was in possession of total assets worth Rs 2,01,83,965.53 including the assets of the partnership of Jaya Publications and Sasi Enterprises, the judge said.
But, it noted, by the end of April 30,1996, her total wealth had risen to Rs 53,60,49,954.00 against her legitimate income of Rs 9,91,05,094. “This value is not the present market value of the assets”.
It should be noted that the value of the disproportionate assets possessed by the accused are determined on the basis of the actual cost incurred by them for acquisition of properties and assets from 1991 to 1996, the order said.

New York Times Cutting 100 Jobs  NYT Opinion AppAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Let s Replace Handshakes With Fist-Bumps At Workreddit
Winter is fast approaching, which means more sniffling, sneezing and coughing around the office.
A pretty sickening story in The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday discussed in gross detail the speed at which germs spread in the office. The crux of it was that it only takes about four hours for a virus to spread to the hands of about half of the people in an office.
There are some obvious things you can do to avoid getting sick at work, like staying away from the communal coffee pot or using paper towels to avoid contact with door handles. But one incredibly easy thing to do this winter would be to ban handshakes in favor of fist-bumps.
According to a recent study, fist-bumps are way cleaner than handshakes and high-fives when it comes to spreading germs. That's because knocking knuckles means far less surface-area contact than squeezing together two sets of palms and fingers.
Banning handshakes is not a totally crazy idea. In fact, the Journal of the American Medical Association proposed banning the handshake in hospitals and doctors' offices and recommended trying a Namaste gesture instead.
If yoga-inspired greetings aren't your thing, you could also try bowing, like people do in Japan. Or touching shoulders, which is common among men in Ethiopia, according to NPR .
More:

How Ebola turned into an epidemic  explained in 90 secondsEbola
October 1, 2014
“It is not enough that 90% have access to some basic health service, every person has to have access to health service,” explains world renowned public health expert  Hans Rosling .
In a 90 second video, part of a YouTube series on health statistics called #Factpod, he explains very clearly how Ebola epidemics spread.
There are two main takeaways:
1. The epidemics quickly spread to infect (and kill) thousands of people because there are parts of West Africa where people have no access to even basic health services, which is the root problem to address.
2. Likewise, the virus won’t spread in the same way in the US , where the health service infrastructure is completely different.
Share this:

http://usat.ly/1vxjEmeFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
October's winning sectors? All of them!
Don't say the word "October" too loudly around investors -- it might startle them. But it doesn't have to be the cruelest month if investors know which stocks and sectors to target. Savvy investors know there
Post to Facebook
October's winning sectors? All of them! Don't say the word "October" too loudly around investors -- it might startle them. But it doesn't have to be the cruelest month if investors know which stocks and sectors to target. Savvy investors know there Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YPBIvJ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
October's winning sectors? All of them!
Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 10:47 p.m. EDT September 30, 2014
(FILES) In this file photograph taken on August 16, 2013, Freeport security personnel look on at the Freeport McMoRan's Grasberg mining complex, one of the world's biggest gold and copper mines located in Indonesia's remote eastern Papua province. Indonesia granted a permit on July 25, 2014 to allow the local arm of US mining giant Freeport McMoRan to resume exportS, six months after the government applied a controversial mineral export ban, the head of Freeport Indonesia told AFP.  AFP PHOTO / OLIVIA RONDONUWU /FILESOLIVIA RONDONUWU/AFP/Getty Images ORIG FILE ID: 531935596
(Photo: OLIVIA RONDONUWU AFP/Getty Images)
1 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Don't say the word "October" too loudly around investors — it might startle them. But it doesn't have to be the cruelest month if investors know which stocks and sectors to target.
Savvy investors know there are seasonal patterns to markets that can help them sidestep some of October's monthly messes. Seasonal tendencies of certain sectors and stocks show investors how to at least increase their odds of faring better during a month that can smash the market without warning.
"There are seasonal tendencies in equities that are very well-known and well-distributed among trading desks," says Sam Turner, director of large-cap equities with Riverfront Investment Group.
Tech stocks have been a pocket of strength for stocks since 1990, according to research by Sam Stovall of S&P Capital IQ. The information technology industry has generated a 2.7% average gain in October going back to 1990. That tops the 1.5% average gain of the S&P 500 during the same period.
October tech stocks: A treat for investors?
Tech stocks, especially those in the networking area, are especially attractive going into October, Turner says. Stocks in the industry haven't been bid up as much as some other areas of technology.
There are shifts, though, that investors need to be careful of. For instance, energy is the second-worst performing industry since 1990, Stovall says. Energy stocks have gained just 0.6% on average since 1990, just barely ahead of utilities for the worst group.
But lately, that's been changing. Perhaps the best example of a sector that recently has tended to hold up best during recent Octobers is energy. The outperformance of energy during October is one of the better-known cyclical trends lately — and one that makes logical sense as the nation burns fuel to keep warm during extraordinarily cold winters.
The Energy Select Sector exchange-traded fund ( XLE ), which tracks the energy stocks in the Standard & Poor's 500, has posted an average gain of 5.9% over the past five Octobers, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. That's well ahead of the 3% average gain by the S&P 500 over the past five Octobers.
And it's been a durable trend over the past five years. Energy stocks have gained in all of the past Octobers except for 2012. But even then, energy stocks fell 2% in October 2012, the exact amount the S&P 500 dropped.
Sector returns
Sector performances on average since 1990:
Sponsored by
UtilitiesEnergyIndustrialsMaterialsFinancialsS&P 500Health careCon. spendTelecomCon. staplesInformation tech
USA TODAY research
Consumer spending, consumer staples
Another sector that's held up relative to the market during the month of October is materials. The Materials Select Sector Select ETF ( XLB ) has posted an average gain of 4.1% over the past five Octobers.
The power of these sectors — energy and materials — is apparent in the list of the best individual stocks in October. There are 14 stocks in the S&P 500 that have beaten the S&P 500 in each and every October over the past five years. The two top October stocks are materials stock, Freeport-McMoRan ( FCX ) and energy firm Pioneer Natural Resources ( PXD ).
October funds: Beware rising rates
A few other sectors have done OK in October. Consumer discretionary stocks have added 3.6% on average over the past five Octobers. Turner likes the consumer discretionary sector best going into the end of this year, primarily due to homebuilder stocks. He sees the valuations on homebuilders so reasonable that they offer outsized potential returns vs. the risk.
Take Lennar ( LEN ) for example. The homebuilder isn't as exposed to first-time buyers, the weakest area of the market, as others like KB Home ( KBH ). But Lennar has a P-E ratio of 16, which is in line with the market, even though adjusted earnings this year are expected to jump 26%, says S&P Capital IQ.
It's there's been a sector to avoid in October as of late, that's been utilities. The sector has posted an average gain of just 1.3% on average over the past five Octobers. And since 1990, utilities stocks have risen just 0.5%, the lowest performance of all the sectors. But again, showing how even monthly patterns can change, utilities were the worst-performing stocks over a longer term, since 1990, Stovall says. But again, they were still up 0.6%.
The great crash of 1987 has given the month of October a bad rap. Smart investors with a long-term plan know it's best to be diversified and ride through any drama in October. But short-term traders trying to outsmart the market need to know where to be.

Jayalalithaa spends time in jail eating simple food  reading newspapersOct 01, 2014 at 09:17pm IST
Jayalalithaa spends time in jail eating simple food, reading newspapers
13
0
Bangalore: AIADMK supremo Jayalalithaa is keeping good health and eating simple food besides reading newspapers at the Parapanna Agrahara Central prison where she is lodged after conviction in the disproportionate assets case, according to a jail official.
"Everything you are hearing outside, it is not true. She is stable and keeping good health, but she is eating simple food," the official told PTI, dismissing speculation about her well being.
Asked what food items were served to her, the official said the former Chief Minister ate one or two chappatis, bread, milk or biscuits, everyday. Contrary to reports that Jayalalithaa was ordering food from outside, he said, "There is no truth in it. We are giving her the food. She is not ordering food from outside."
Asked what food items were served to her, the official said the former Chief Minister ate one or two chappatis, bread, milk or biscuits, everyday.
#jayalalithaa #bangalore jail #disproportionate assets case #sasikala
Asked about the medical arrangements made in the jail, the official said there are six doctors in the prison, who regularly attend to the medical needs of the jail mates, including Jayalalithaa.
Jayalalithaa, who is now prisoner number 7402 at the jail, wakes up early in the morning and takes a stroll in the premises of the prison, the official said. The 66-year-old three-time chief minister, who has been allotted VVIP cell number 23 of the prison, also reads newspapers without fail, he said.
Replying to another question, the official said Jayalalithaa continued not to meet anybody including AIADMK leaders or supporters even today.
"Even, she (Jayalalithaa) did not feel like meeting Tamil Nadu Chief Minister O Panneerselvam, who was in the city yesterday," the official said. Meanwhile, Jayalalithaa failed to get any immediate relief from the Karnataka High Court, which deferred until October 7 a hearing on her plea for immediate bail.
Other convicts Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala Natarajan, her relatives Elavarasi and Sudhakaran have been given prisoner numbers 7403, 7404 and 7405 respectively. Sudhakaran has been allocated a VIP cell next to former Karnataka Tourism Minister and Mining baron G Janardhana Reddy.
2

CISF to launch cleanliness drive at country-wide locations7
0
New Delhi: Personnel and families of paramilitary CISF will join the 'Swatchh Bharat' movement on Thursday by launching a large-scale cleanliness drive at its 312 working units and other locations spread across the country.
The force will initiate a host of activities to join the Prime Minister's clean India initiative being held across the length and breadth of the country to mark Gandhi Jayanti.
"Force chief Arvind Ranjan has urged all the officers and force personnel to actively participate in the clean India mission both individually and organisationally to the best of our capacity for the noble cause," Central Industrial Security Force spokesperson Hemendra Singh said.
Hemendra Singh said each working unit of the force will adopt one school to undertake cleanliness drive through 'shramdan' by CISF personnel.
#cisf #cleanliness drive #swatchh bharat #october 2
The spokesperson said the day will start with a pledge/oath that will be taken by all officers and men at 9:30 AM at all CISF units like airports, industrial complexes and the Delhi Metro in the national capital region.
"All units will start cleaning drive in all the area of office, duty post, residential complexes, other establishments among other under close supervision of unit Commanders," Singh said.
Singh said each working unit of the force will adopt one school to undertake cleanliness drive through 'shramdan' by CISF personnel.
"The schools to be adopted in the first phase will be the schools functioning in CISF campuses or PSU schools," he said.
Families of CISF personnel have also been encouraged to carry out similar activities in their houses and surrounding areas and the wives welfare association of the 1.45-lakh personnel strong force will also join them in the activity which will be reviewed on a weekly basis.
The CISF, which is mandated to provide security to country's critical infrastructure as its primary task, has 312 working units, ten Reserve Battalions and seven training Institutes and several sector, zonal and group headquarters spread in all parts of the country.
1

J&K: Pak Army violates ceasefire  fires at Indian posts in Poonch47
0
Poonch: The Pakistan Army on Wednesday violated the ceasefire and fired at Indian posts in Sabzia area of Mandi sector in Poonch.
The firing continued from both sides. There was no report on casualties or injures.
"Pakistani troops resorted to unprovoked firing and mortar shelling in three forward areas along LoC in Jammu and Kashmir today," a senior Army officer said.
The firing continued from both sides. There was no report on casualties or injures.
#jammu and kashmir #poonch #ceasefire violation #pakistan army
While Pakistani troops resorted to heavy firing and shelling of 81 mm mortar bombs in two forward sub-sector of Sabjian and Mandi along LoC in Poonch district since 6:40 PM, it also resorted to firing in a forward belt in Kashmir valley, he said.
"It was unprovoked firing and ceasefire violation by Pakistan," he said.
There was reported firing from small arms, automatic weapons besides mortar shelling.
According to a defence spokesman, Pakistani troops resorted to firing on foward areas along Sabjian belt of Poonch district around 6:40 PM
"Due to the provocation the Indian troops appropriately responded," the spokesman said, adding that firing exchanges were going on intermittently since then.
These fresh violations came after a gap of one month and four days along Indo-Pak border in Jammu and Kashmir. Pakistan Rangers had resorted to unprovoked firing by automatic machine guns on the intervening night of August 26 and 27 on Indian BOPs located in Pragwal area of Akhnoor tehsil of Jammu.
In a bid to defuse border tension triggered by 45 days of firing and shelling by Pakistani troops, the longest since 1971 war, India and Pakistan on August 29 held a crucial Sector Commander (DIG-Brigadier) level flag meeting on Octerio BoP in R S Pura sector to decide to maintain peace and tranquility by silencing guns.
259

Coca-Cola Revises Executive Pay After CriticismAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
3

Texas says there are no other suspected cases of Ebola so farBy Mark Berman October 1 Follow @markberman
The Ebola patient is being treated at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas. (L.M. Otero/AP)
A day after the first Ebola case was confirmed in the United States , health officials continue to try and track down anyone who may have come in contact with this patient.
The man, who was not identified, flew from Liberia to Dallas, Tex., earlier this month. He arrived on Sept. 20 and developed symptoms about four days later before seeking treatment at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas on Friday, Sept. 26. But he was only admitted to the hospital two days later and was placed in isolation while he was tested for Ebola.
This Ebola patient’s condition was upgraded to serious on Wednesday, the hospital confirmed. A day earlier, they had said he was critically ill.
Authorities in Texas said that they have only conducted one Ebola test in the state lab so far. That test was conducted Tuesday in the state laboratory in Austin, which was certified to conduct such tests last month.
There are no other suspected cases of Ebola in Texas at this point, according to the Texas Department of State Health Services.
A nine-member team from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is working to find anyone who may have come in contact with this man during the period when he could have been contagious.
The three ambulance workers who transported the man to the hospital are being monitored for Ebola symptoms and will remain home for three weeks, according to Dallas Fire and Rescue. The city of Dallas had  reported that the ambulance workers who transported the patient with Ebola had tested negative for Ebola, before later clarifying  that there was no formal Ebola test, just a blood test that showed no evidence of Ebola.
Determining who may have been exposed to the virus involves a process called contact tracing , which entails trying to identify every single person who has come in contact with this patient since he first began showing symptoms. The Ebola infection can only spread through direct contact with the bodily fluids of someone who is infected and symptomatic.
The precise number of people this infected man may have encountered remains unknown. He was visiting family members in Texas, authorities said, but it is unclear where else he went and what he did once he began showing symptoms.
Thomas Frieden, director of the CDC, said Tuesday that only a “handful” of people may have been exposed to this man. Once all of these individuals are identified, they will also be monitored for three weeks to watch for symptoms.
Abby Phillip contributed to this report.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Reporting on Ebola: First rule is you dont touch anyoneBy Lenny Bernstein October 1 Follow @LennyMBernstein
Lawrence Togbah, left, Moses Bryant, center, and Abraham Saye try to protect themselves from Ebola by covering their hands, feet and torso with plastic bags. They did not have proper protective gear like gloves or masks. (Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
MONROVIA, Liberia — I was goofing around with a small group of young children outside their home on a muddy, cratered road in the New Kru Town slum here. I made a scary face and the kids skittered, giggling, behind a low wall at the front of their shanty. Then they peeked out, hoping for more.
Finally the boldest of the lot, a little girl perhaps 5 years old, approached and stuck out her hand. “Shake!” she offered excitedly.
“No touching,” I responded, keeping my hands at my sides, trying to hide my sadness. “No touching.”
You don’t touch anyone in Liberia. Not kids, not adults, not other Westerners, not the colleagues you arrived with. It is the rule of rules, because while everyone able is taking precautions, you just can’t be sure where the invisible, lethal Ebola virus might be. Once the virus is on your fingers, it would be frighteningly easy to rub an eye and infect yourself.
As the worst Ebola outbreak in history unfolds in West Africa, The Post's Joel Achenbach explains how the deadly virus wreaks havoc on the human body. (Davin Coburn/The Washington Post)
In 12 days of reporting the Ebola story in Liberia, I touched two people (not counting the occasional “Liberian handshake,” a soft bump of covered elbows). Once, I completely forgot the protocol and shook the outstretched hand of a newly arrived aid worker. Later in the trip, I asked a Washington Post photographer to lightly touch my forehead to see if I had a fever, one of the early signs of Ebola infection. I was concerned my thermometer wasn’t working.
That’s it. No hugs, no pats on the back, no high-fives. An arm around the shoulders? Unthinkable.
Most Liberians, of course, have no such luxury. They play a daily game of Russian roulette with their very lives. They press tightly together, front-to-back, in bus stop queues. They jostle and crowd at food distribution sites. They handle their own dead. In the capital, a city of 1.5 million, they live on top of one another, many people to a dilapidated home, often without running water, sanitation or electricity.
They are among the world’s poorest people. Few in the city have their own cars. They jam into battered yellow taxis to get to the market or anywhere else, never knowing whether the last occupant was a dying Ebola patient who had shed virus on the seat as he was rushed to a treatment center. Even as the disease races through their society, they have no choice.
“My country is surviving by the grace of God,” our driver and guide, Samwar Fallah, told me at one point. We were outside a treatment center, watching its director, a heroic physician named Jerry Brown, trying to determine whether a weakened woman on a bench was infected with Ebola or simply in labor. If it’s possible to sum up the entire horror of the Ebola epidemic in one short phrase, Sam had just done it.
You wouldn’t know it from the mushrooming number of deaths and infections in West Africa, but Ebola is rather difficult to contract. The virus is not airborne, like SARS. You have to come in contact with an infected person’s bodily fluids — blood, vomit, feces, urine, sweat, saliva — to get it and that has to occur when he or she is showing the symptoms of infection: high fever, vomiting, diarrhea, bright red eyes. This is why Liberians and health workers, not journalists, have been the virus’s more than 3,000 victims.
Three Ebola survivors from Liberia were interviewed by the World Health Organization on July 17, 2014. They describe their symptoms, who they contracted the disease from and their paths to recovery. (World Health Organization)
I knew this when I volunteered in early September to go to Africa and cover the world’s most important health story. On Aug. 1, I had written a blog post titled “ Why you’re not going to get Ebola in the U.S. ,” which was something of a reach at a time when Ebola was just penetrating our consciousness. I did it in response to Donald Trump’s tweeted demand that physician Kent Brantly, a missionary aid worker in Monrovia who was near death from Ebola, be barred from the United States because he might bring the virus here. I had interviewed infectious disease specialists and read up on Ebola, and I was pretty confident in my assessment.
Nevertheless, I did more homework before agreeing to go. I consulted with Washington Post reporter Todd Frankel, who had covered the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone. I e-mailed Norimitsu Onishi, the New York Times correspondent, who, remarkably, had been in Liberia for weeks, and Nurith Aizenman of NPR, a former Washington Post staffer who also had written from there. I talked to Clair MacDougall, a Times stringer who lives in Monrovia, as well as a friend of my wife’s who lives there and works for USAID. Then Post photographer Michel duCille, who had been to Liberia three times before, volunteered to go as well.
Their advice was always the same: Follow a few rules and you’ll be fine.
Here in the United States, the response to my decision wasn’t quite as calmly expressed. My father, a retired medical school professor with decades of experience in infectious disease, called me “a big [unprintable].” My best friend suggested I was having a midlife crisis and couldn’t add to previous coverage by endangering myself. A friend from college called to say he might no longer be comfortable sitting next to me at an Oct. 11 football game. He had done the math and it would be fewer than 21 days after I was scheduled to return, so I might still be incubating the virus.
“I think you’re out of your f---ing mind,” he said.
Only my wife and grown daughter, both of whom understood instantly why I wanted to cover this story, listened dispassionately to the pros and cons and gave the trip a wary blessing.
The rules become crystal clear the moment you arrive at Liberia’s decrepit airport. Workers wearing rubber gloves took our temperature with infrared (no touch) thermometers before we entered the first building. Our hotel, like anywhere else in Liberia that can afford it, had a small keg with a spigot outside the entrance, the kind that dispense Gatorade on the sidelines of football games. It is filled with a solution of chlorine and water, which kills the virus. Everyone is expected to wash his hands each time he enters the hotel or its adjacent restaurant. Workers constantly swab the floors with bleach.
Each entrance also has a small trough where you rinse your shoes in the same liquid. We also carried it in spray bottles in our car and used it liberally on our hands and shoes.
A pre-arranged driver picked us up at the airport. Another would take us everywhere for the next 12 days, except when I rode in a U.N. vehicle, with a hotel driver or with a Western freelancer. No sane Westerner with any options would get into a public vehicle in Liberia, if they even existed.
Once we offered a ride to Massa Kanneh, a reporter for the local paper Front Page Africa who had helped me find someone I wanted to interview. That’s okay, she said, I’ll take a cab.
Kanneh is 26, a year younger than my older daughter, and aware. “A cab?” I asked incredulously. “You can’t take a cab. You have no idea who was in there before you.”
I have to get to work, she said matter-of-factly.
Another time I asked a fellow straddling a motorbike how he was feeding his family. Most people in Liberia are not working. Work sites, schools and other places where people might gather — except church — are closed, to slow transmission of the virus. He told me he gives people rides on his bike for a few dollars.
These days formal gatherings are discouraged in Liberia due to fear of the lethal Ebola virus being spread. But on Sundays people dress in their best clothes and head to their place of worship to appeal to divine intervention. (Casey Capachi and Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
That’s not safe, I said. They could have Ebola.
He shrugged. I look them over carefully, he said.
Our first day of reporting took us to all of Monrovia’s treatment centers. All were full, or nearly so. Outside each one were very sick people who couldn’t get in. As I interviewed them, I stood four to six feet away, as MacDougall had suggested, in case the person I was talking to sneezed, coughed, spit or — worst of all — vomited.
Before I left, I had asked an expert how much virus is in each droplet of body fluid. At time of death, when the viral load is highest, he told me, it’s probably 500,000 to 1 million particles. And how much virus would it take to become infected? Somewhere between one and 10 particles, he said.
Liberians love Westerners, and Americans most of all. Their nation of 4.1 million was founded by freed U.S. slaves. Their flag looks a lot like ours. Their currency is the Liberian dollar, though a lot of daily commerce is conducted in U.S. dollars. They are glad we are finally coming to help them, and many approached us to talk, often to air grievances about the mismanagement of the Ebola crisis and everything else.
But if they got within my comfort zone, I moved. If they came up behind me or in my peripheral vision, I changed my position. If they came closer as we talked, I backed up. At first, I worried that it was insulting, but not for long.
Inside Ebola treatment centers and a small private hospital I entered once, the rules become stricter. There, you touch nothing — not a wall, nor a desk nor a piece of paper. Though the virus most loves our bloodstreams and body temperature, it can survive on surfaces. No one is quite sure how long. Studies show it can be anywhere from two hours to two days.
Maintaining that constant vigilance, especially while wearing long sleeves and pouring sweat in the Liberian humidity, is mentally taxing. As is watching the virus’s mounting toll day after day. It’s almost impossible not to slip. Once I put my hand on a slim wood railing on the path to the entrance of Brown’s treatment center. “Don’t touch that,” he said quickly but calmly. “Come, wash your hands.” I spent a while at the chlorine keg, rubbing the liquid into my skin.
DuCille observed no such niceties. He washed with chlorine as often as I did, but he has long ago shed the human instinct for self-preservation, maybe when he spent seven months shooting photos in a crack house or dodged gunfire in Afghanistan. He went inside the former Redemption Hospital, the hellhole transfer station for the sick and the dead in Monrovia, where bodies litter the floor as they drop.
This required him to cover every square inch of his skin with “personal protective equipment,” the moon suits that have become a visual emblem of the epidemic. Putting this outfit on and taking it off is an arduous, time-consuming process. One mistake and you can get virus on your skin. I refused to go anywhere that would require PPE.
DuCille also took to dead bodies like a moth to a flame. A corpse lying in the open beneath a line of drying laundry is a stunning image. I wanted nothing to do with them. For one thing, I couldn’t interview them. For another, I couldn’t tell where they had bled, vomited or defecated as they died. This is why health workers must spray chlorine widely when a corpse is found in public or a home, which is becoming increasingly common.
Early in our visit, UNICEF and the Liberian government took us to a small building where community members were caring for orphaned children and others whose relatives were being traced. The boys were sleeping in one big room, the girls in another. All the kids had tested negative for Ebola, we were told, so don’t worry about them being infectious. We spent about three hours there, doing interviews and shooting photos.
A few days later, UNICEF’s public affairs officer called. A mistake had been made, and one of the children — a charismatic little girl we had focused on — was now showing symptoms of Ebola infection. An investigation had been launched to determine how this could have happened.
We hadn’t touched anyone, of course, but my mind began racing. Had I sat in the same spots she had? Had I gotten too close? She wasn’t symptomatic when we were there, so we were probably fine. But what about the other children, and the adults who were watching them? And what about Liberians and West Africans who remain unprotected from the virus? As yet, there are no answers.
More from The Washington Post:

Wall Street falls on Ebola concerns; transport shares downWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

http://usat.ly/YTQJg2FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Ebola patient told hospital he had been to Liberia
A man infected with Ebola was allowed to leave the hospital last week because the results of a screening weren't shared with his health care team, which concluded he had a common virus and discharged him, hospital officials said Wednesday.
Post to Facebook
Ebola patient told hospital he had been to Liberia A man infected with Ebola was allowed to leave the hospital last week because the results of a screening weren't shared with his health care team, which concluded he had a common virus and discharged him, hospital officials said Wednesday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YTQJg2
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
264
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Ebola patient told hospital he had been to Liberia
Liz Szabo , USA TODAY 6:12 a.m. EDT October 2, 2014
Video Keywords Health Department Dallas County medical providers Health care facilities king James Liberia Africa Texas
A man infected with Ebola was allowed to leave a Dallas hospital last week because the results of a screening weren't shared with his health care team, hospital officials said Wednesday. VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  -- hospital spokesperson confirms the -- politician was initially sent
00:05  home from the hospital because he presented the symptoms that could
00:08  have been easily mistaken for an ordinary cold or flu. What's
00:12  concerning is that he told the nurse here that he was
00:16  from Africa. The case hospital officials confirm the patient told owners
00:21  that he was from Liberia when he walked into the emergency
00:24  room Thursday night. He was sent home with antibiotics before coming
00:28  back on Sunday by ambulance. Texas health presbyterian officials call it
00:33  a breakdown in communication. At. Information was not fully communicated throughout
00:39  the old team. And as a result of -- import of
00:43  that information. Wasn't factored into the clinical decision. Officials believe that
00:49  because the patient only had a fever and abdominal pain during
00:53  that first contact no health care workers are risk. But the
00:57  Health Department confirms that as a result others including five children
01:01  were likely exposed to Ebola between twelve and eighteen patients. We
01:06  don't want to miss it again Dallas County medical society along
01:09  with the Health Department has sent out this notice to all
01:12  county medical providers with new guidelines. -- collected travel history in
01:16  all patients with fever and then promptly isolate anyone who reports
01:21  traveled to credible affected country. All doctors out in the community
01:24  need to be aware. That you know travelers could be arriving
01:28  with fever and signs and symptoms and the important thing is
01:31  ask about travel. Health care facilities and I'm being told to
01:34  place posters at all entrance ways telling them that if they
01:38  are -- -- they should tell the staff. That they have
01:41  recently traveled to a foreign country. This is Janet king James
01:45  reporting from Dallas.
A patient was diagnosed with Ebola on Sept. 30 at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas.
(Photo: Mike Stone, Getty Images)
5699 CONNECT 477 TWEET 23 LINKEDIN 264 COMMENTEMAILMORE
A man infected with Ebola was allowed to leave a Dallas hospital last week because the results of a screening weren't shared with his health care team, which concluded he had a common virus and discharged him, hospital officials said Wednesday.
While health experts agree that the USA is not at risk for a large Ebola epidemic like the one affecting West Africa, some doctors are concerned that the  infected patient was sent home from the hospital without treatment the first time he sought care.
The Ebola patient, now in intensive care at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas, arrived in the USA on Sept. 20 without symptoms and sought care Sept. 26. He was sent home, only to return to the hospital two days later and be admitted.
United Airlines said in a statement Wednesday that it had been told by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that the Ebola victim flew part of his itinerary on the airline. The carrier said it believes the patient flew from Brussels to Washington's Dulles International Airport on Flight 951 and from Washington to Dallas/Fort Worth on Flight 822.
The Associated Press has identified the patient as Thomas Eric Duncan, noting that he was identified by his sister, Mai Wureh.

http://usat.ly/1qVJfjgFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Pepsi True to launch only on Amazon
The flailing soft drink industry hopes its found a middle ground to bring back customers:  mid-calorie soft drinks. PepsiCo on Wednesday announced plans to initially roll out Pepsi True in mid-October in 7.5
Post to Facebook
Pepsi True to launch only on Amazon The flailing soft drink industry hopes its found a middle ground to bring back customers:  mid-calorie soft drinks. PepsiCo on Wednesday announced plans to initially roll out Pepsi True in mid-October in 7.5 Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wYqJvZ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
13
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Pepsi True to launch only on Amazon
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 5:32 p.m. EDT October 2, 2014
Video Keywords new food regional growth Amazon media exposure
Pepsi is launching a new line of naturally sweetened soda, exclusively through Amazon- a big move in an industry that has lagged in e-commerce.    Video provided by Reuters Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  Not coming to a store near you right away Pepsi's
00:04  latest soft drink Pepsi true. He'll launch exclusively on Amazon. Beverage
00:15  digest editor and publisher John -- Our data shows carbonated soft
00:20  drinks have been in decline for ten years. Diets are now
00:24  under perform in the regulars because of us some consumers concerns
00:27  about sweeteners. And both pets and Coke after interface consumers want.
00:34  -- lower calorie beverages that natural sweeteners. Spoke Pepsi true was
00:39  launched today Coke launched Coke -- a few weeks ago in
00:42  the US. Both companies have to work hard and innovation. --
00:47  also. Experimenting with e-commerce through Amazon and recently said it would
00:52  bring back search facility a discontinued twelve years ago. Pitcher says
00:57  Pepsi is a master at marketing and that will play to
01:00  their advantage when they promote the product engage -- videos on
01:04  Amazon. Amazon e-commerce or driving a lot of the regional growth
01:08  in the US and the beverage companies are very under that
01:13  are on Amazon because of their -- systems. So it's a
01:17  way to launch product would have gone to get some high
01:20  media exposure. It's also a way to launch products were putting
01:25  it putting the following system. And allowing it to get some
01:28  scale which makes it easier from the bottlers to handle. But
01:32  there's a good reason consumers don't always want to buy new
01:35  food and drinks online. Reuters and tally at LA there really
01:40  to. Trying to reach out to first adopters and people were
01:44  willing to click a mouse and buy the product that they
01:47  might not be familiar. And that. Really represents a small population
01:52  and Pepsi true in 24 pack mini cans will be available
01:57  on Amazon. Ready to be delivered to customers' homes in mid
PepsiCO adds a new product, Pepsi True, to its beverage lineup. Sweetened with real sugar and stevia leaf extract, Pepsi True has 30% less sugar than regular Pepsi and contains no high-fructose corn syrup or artificial sweeteners.
(Photo: PepsiCO Beverages)
2973 CONNECT 74 TWEET 100 LINKEDIN 13 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The flailing soft drink industry hopes it has found a middle ground to bring back customers:  mid-calorie soft drinks.
PepsiCo on Wednesday announced on its website plans to roll out Pepsi True in mid-October on the e-commerce site Amazon.com.  The beverage is made with sugar and stevia (a sweetener made from stevia leaf extract) and contains about 30% fewer calories than regular Pepsi.  Just as important – particularly to influential Millennials – it contains no high-fructose corn syrup and no artificial sweeteners.
The 7.5-ounce cans will initially be sold in packs of 24 on Amazon but eventually will be sold in grocery stores.
"This is the latest part of a massive, transformational journey that we've been on," says Simon Lowden, chief marketing officer at PepsiCo North America, in a phone interview. Roughly 50% of the company's beverage portfolio is now zero or low-calorie, he says. That compares to less than 25% fifteen years ago.
The move comes even as Coca-Cola has recently begun testing its mid-calorie cola, Coca-Cola Life, in some stores in the Southern United States before a planned national rollout next month. Carbonated soft drink sales have been declining for almost a decade, and more recently diet soft drink sales have begun to decline at an even faster rate than regular, sugared soft drinks.  Suddenly, a new battlefront is taking shape in the mid-calorie arena.
"The cola wars are alive and well," says John Sicher, publisher of Beverage Digest. "Now, both Coke and Pepsi have similar products with Coke Life and Pepsi True.  Who will win?  The consumer."
Coca-Cola, last month, in another e-commerce link with Amazon, brought back the highly caffeinated citrus soda, Surge, also initially sold only online via Amazon.  In both cases, the brands will eventually be sold at grocery stores, executives say.
The Amazon rollout, Sicher says, "lets PepsiCo use a high-profile channel to gauge initial response.  It also allows the product to get some scale and awareness before it goes into the bottler system."
But the new soda war's most interesting battle front isn't in e-commerce, but the mid-calorie sector that has recently exploded with activity.
It's all about lower calories without the chemicals.  A 7.5-ounce can of Pepsi True, for example, contains 60 calories.  That compares with 100 calories for the identical-size can of regular Pepsi.  Similarly, the 8-ounce glass bottle of Coca-Cola Life, now sold in Fresh Market locations in a handful of Southern states, is 60 calories.
"We ultimately want to be leaders in this emerging segment," said Andy McMillin, vice president of Coca-Cola brands, in a statement.
Lowden says the target for Pepsi True is adults in their late 20s or early 30s.
Young women -- particularly young mothers -- are increasingly rejecting diet soft drinks because they don't like the chemicals in them. As a result, mid-calorie brands such as Coke Life and Pepsi True "have a real audience with Millennial women" concerned about both calories and chemicals, says Leann Leahy, president of The Via Agency.
2973 CONNECT 74 TWEET 100 LINKEDIN 13 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wYqJvZ
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

http://usat.ly/YSLwVOFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Stocks sink for 3rd day as Dow plunges 238 points
U.S. stocks are plunging Wednesday as global growth fears appear to be the newest big worry on the horizon even as the Hong Kong standoff drags on.
Post to Facebook
Stocks sink for 3rd day as Dow plunges 238 points U.S. stocks are plunging Wednesday as global growth fears appear to be the newest big worry on the horizon even as the Hong Kong standoff drags on. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/YSLwVO
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
36
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks sink for 3rd day as Dow plunges 238 points
Video Keywords the Fed's stock market interest rate USA today Hong Kong
Today kicks off the final quarter of the year. October is the "Jinx Month" for Wall Street, but history shows that conditions are ripe for gains.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:06  The stock market worries at all. Just closed the books
00:09  on its seventh straight quarter of gains. Can make it eight
00:12  in a -- Hi I'm Adam shell of USA today. Today
00:17  kicks off the final quarter of 2014. It's a fresh slate.
00:21  The good news is a fourth quarter is normally a bullish
00:24  period for stocks. The not so good news today is also
00:27  the first day of October and October's dubbed the jinx month
00:31  and it's Wall Street's version of horror novel. It's best known
00:34  for stock market crashes 19291987. The biggest and most famous crashes.
00:40  An October scary pass is always on the minds of investors.
00:44  But don't despair. October is not crash proof. It isn't as
00:48  bad as it's happens in the past fifty years the stock
00:51  market is posting gains of nearly 1% in October. And the
00:54  fourth quarter has also been wildly bullish with average gains of
00:58  around 10%. And years when there's a mid term election and
01:02  the sitting lame duck president. And that's -- we have this
01:05  year. That's not to say the market doesn't have challenges there's
01:08  the pro democracy protests in Hong Kong worries over the timing
01:12  of the Fed's first interest rate hike. The nation's fight against
01:15  the Islamic state. The start of earnings season and a lot
01:19  of talk about a market top you get the idea. But
01:22  all those worries are competing with a strong market and a
01:25  bullish seasonal backdrop. Getting a marketing good shot at extending its
01:29  quarterly winning streak to eight.
Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:55 p.m. EDT October 1, 2014
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
419 CONNECT 262 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 36 COMMENTEMAILMORE
U.S. stocks kicked off the first day of the fourth quarter on a sour note, with the Dow diving as investors react to a tired bull market being dragged down further by worries about global growth, ongoing protests in Hong Kong and angst over October's reputation as a scary month for stocks.
And Ebola joined the mix of market worries as the day wore on.
The Dow Jones industrial average plunged 238.19 points, or 1.4%, to 16,804.71. The S&P 500 dropped 26.13 points, or 1.3%, to 1946.16  and the Nasdaq composite  skidded 71.30 points, or 1.6%, to 4422.09.
"The bull is just a wee bit exhausted," says Edward Yardeni, president and chief investment strategist at Yardeni Research.
He adds the market is no longer cheap and with fresh risks on the horizon, investors are taking a time out and waiting to see how third-quarter earnings season plays out in coming weeks.
Small-cap stock slide hits 10% - that's correction territory http://t.co/kJtrZRBtuo
— USA TODAY Money (@USATODAYmoney) October 1, 2014
Concerns about the health of the global economy continue to weigh on Wall Street, as does the uncertainty surrounding how the Hong Kong protests will play out, Yardeni says.
Stocks in the Standard & Poor's 1500 hotels, airlines and casinos industry groups are down Wednesday on news of a confirmed Ebola case in the U.S.
"Ebola (is) having an effect on airlines and travel stocks, so yes that could be a component of (today's) selloff," says Gary Kaltbaum, a money manager at Kaltbaum Capital Management.
But whatever the reasons, perhaps stocks are in need of some slowing down, he says. "We haven't had a 10% correction in over two years … and we're way overdue. It would not be a bad thing."
Small cap stocks officially fell into correction territory as the Russell 2000 has now dropped 10.2% from its March peak.
The stock drop sent bond prices higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note dropped to 2.39% from 2.49% Tuesday. Yields move in the opposite direction of bond prices.
On Tuesday, the latest reading on eurozone manufacturing fell for the fifth straight month and a key manufacturing index in Germany slipped below 50, which signals contraction, for the first time since June 2013, according to Barclays. Adding to the angst was a weaker-than-expected ISM manufacturing report for September in the U.S.
Spooked by October stock market? Check out USA TODAY's monthly checkup. http://t.co/NWzgLeNRTp (AFP/Getty Images) pic.twitter.com/cFRaezPe77
— Anne Willette (@amwillette) October 1, 2014
"The problems suggest a challenging earnings environment due to overseas concerns," says Yardeni. "Any signals that the U.S. economy may not be able to offset weakness in the rest of the world raises questions about the profit outlook. Europe seems to be weighing more and more on the bull."
Wall Street is also closely monitoring the protests in Hong Kong, the latest geopolitical risk to weigh on markets and curb investor risk-taking. While the market has been able to shrug off global flare-ups in Ukraine, Iraq and now China, there's always a risk that one of these flashpoints will cause the market to rethink its bullish tone.
Cisco cuts CEO's pay: But will it help? http://t.co/uvyKawpZ1t
— John Waggoner (@JohnWaggoner) October 1, 2014
"Geopolitics have yet to hurt the bull so far, but that's not to say one of these events won't morph into a real threat to the market," Yardeni says.
October also makes investors uneasy, as it is a month known for major stock market crashes in 1929 and 1987.
Benchmarks in Hong Kong and mainland China are closed for the next two days because of holidays. However, Japan's Nikkei 225 index declined 0.6% to 16.082.25.
European stocks were hammered. The FTSE in Britain ended off 1% to 6557.52, Germany's DAX index dropping 1% to 9382.03 and the CAC 40 of France finishing 1.2% lower at 4365.27.
On Tuesday the Dow closed down 28.29 points, or 0.17%. The S&P 500 closed down 5.49 points, or 0.28%. The Nasdaq composite shed 0.28%.
General Mills plans to cut about 700 to 800 jobs (Photo: Joe Raedle, Getty Images) http://t.co/owOu4c52G5 pic.twitter.com/3V0LROO3eD
419 CONNECT 262 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 36 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/YSLwVO
USA NOW
This season's must-see holiday windows
Nov 23, 2014

Global Worries Rattle Stocks; Dow Down 200global worries rattle stocks; dow down 200
Stocks spiral lower on global fears  Dow drops 225Wednesday,  1 Oct 2014 |  4:30  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Markets now: Traders are nervous
Dissecting the current market environment for the first trading day of the new quarter, with the FMHR traders.
U.S. stocks declined sharply on Wednesday, with the fourth quarter starting off on a dour note after the S&P 500's seventh quarterly gain, as investors fretted global concerns, mixed U.S. economic data and earnings ahead.
Benchmark indexes posted their worst beginning to October since 2011 as investors sought safety in U.S. Treasury bonds and gold,with the CBOE Volatility Index , a measure of investor uncertainty, rising. The Russell 2000 fell into correction territory, down 10 percent from its July record.
"In the here and now, there are too many global-macro concerns for investors to have confidence," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities, listing worries about ISIS, Ukraine and Russia, the slowdown in China "and ebola, which is causing things like airline stocks to go down."
Read More Fear factors that are crushing stocks
"As we sit on the eve of earnings season, and we had a bunch of weaker economic data today, and as you look at continued weakness in Europe, there is concern of does it bleed into earnings. It raises some doubt for investors as to what the earnings picture will look like," said Jim Dunigan, managing executive, investments, at PNC Wealth Management.
"October is a ghostly month anyway," Dunigan added.
Read More October off to its worst start in three years
"It's hard to get constructive with headlines of airstrikes in different parts of the world, so there are some doubts about what the economic environment looks like, particularly as we end the asset-purchase program," said PNC's Dunigan, referring to the Federal Reserve's bond buys, which are on track to conclude later this month.
Biotech companies involved in developing Ebola drugs rose, with Tekmira Pharmaceuticals and Sarepta Therapeutics among those rallying. Carriers including Delta Air Lines and JetBlue Airways fell on worries the disease might curb air travel . EBay slid after JPMorgan Chase and Jefferies Group downgraded shares of the online auctioneer.
"Will somebody decide not to go to Dallas? Maybe. I don't see that as a lasting situation," said Dunigan of the U.S. city where the first confirmed U.S. case of Ebola is hospitalized.
The Institute for Supply Management reported its manufacturing index hit 56.6 last month.
A separate report had construction spending dipping 0.8 percent in August.
"At least for today the economic data are a mixed bag; ISM manufacturing and spending could be characterized as weaker than expected," said Hogan.
U.S. private employers created 213,000 jobs last month, with the ADP National Employment Report roughly in line with expectations and coming ahead of Friday's nonfarm payrolls for September.
Symbol

Ebola Outbreak Shows Deadly Costs Of Inequality: World BankEbola Outbreak Shows Deadly Costs Of Inequality: World Bank
Reuters
Updated:
10/01/2014  1:59 pm EDT
KENEMA, SIERRA LEONE - AUGUST 24: A group of young volunteers wear special uniforms to put the bodies of people, sterilized after dying due to the Ebola virus, to a car ahead of their burials in Kptema graveyard in Kenema, Sierra Leone on August 24, 2014. People work for 6 dollars per a day in burial and sterilizing works in Kenema where the infection of the virus is mostly seen. (Photo by Mohammed Elshamy/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images) | Anadolu Agency via Getty Images
reddit
WASHINGTON, Oct 1 (Reuters) - Fighting the Ebola epidemic  means confronting the issue of inequality, as people in poor  countries have less access to knowledge and infrastructure for  treating the sick and containing the deadly virus, the head of  the World Bank said.
Three poor countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and  Sierra Leone - have seen their health systems overwhelmed by the  worst outbreak of the disease on record. The epidemic has killed  at least 3,000 people in the region.
"Now, thousands of people in these (three) countries are  dying because, in the lottery of birth, they were born in the  wrong place," World Bank President Jim Yong Kim said in prepared  remarks at Howard University in Washington.
"This ... shows the deadly cost of unequal access to basic  services and the consequences of our failure to fix this  problem."
Kim, the first public health expert to lead the World Bank,  said the development institution was committed to addressing  income inequality as well as the inequality of access to things  like food, clean water and healthcare.
Kim spoke ahead of the IMF-World Bank meetings in Washington  next week, where the bank will focus on its goal of shared  prosperity, or boosting the incomes of the poorest 40 percent of  people in each country.
The World Bank has devoted $400 million to fight the spread  of Ebola and improve health systems in West Africa. It estimated  the outbreak could sap billions of dollars from economies in the  region by the end of next year if it is not contained.
After a slow initial response, foreign governments -  including the United States, Britain, France, China and Cuba -  are also now providing funds, supplies and personnel to the  affected parts of West Africa.
But health experts said the assistance was still  insufficient and not arriving quickly enough to halt the spread  of the deadly hemorrhagic fever.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  estimated last week that, in a worst-case scenario, the number  of infections could reach 1.4 million late January, compared  with about 6,000 today.
Kim said the delays in fighting Ebola echoed past problems  in quickly getting effective treatment for HIV to Africa.
"It has been painful to see us replay old failures from  previous epidemics," Kim said. "Concerned citizens need to  demand immediate deployments of capital and human resources to  the affected countries.
"Otherwise, thousands more will die needless deaths and an  economic catastrophe may take place."     (Reporting by Anna Yukhananov; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
Also on HuffPost:

