DeLorean franchises take fans Back to the Future with DMC salesDeLorean franchises take fans Back to the Future with DMC sales
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Automotive Industry Back to the Future (movie) Trips and Vacations
DeLorean dealer in Crystal Lake, Ill. lets fans go back in time by selling fully restored DMCs.
Whoa, this is heavy. DeLoreans are still being made by DMC franchises cashing in on nostalgic BTF fans.
Great Scott! Fully restored DeLoreans go Back to the Future for 30th anniversary of iconic 80s film.
One year from today will be Wednesday, Oct. 21, 2015, the date to which Doc Brown flew Marty McFly 30 years into the space-time continuum with the help of their flux-capacitor-powered DeLorean time machine in "Back to the Future." Yet we're still waiting on those flying cars, hoverboards and power-lacing sneakers. One company, however, is making DeLorean time machines.
Caption 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption 2015 Subaru WRX
Chicago Tribune, Robert Duffer
The redesigned 2015 Subaru WRX rally-inspired all-wheel-drive compact sedan with the wide body and the distinctive hood scoop remains the best total package for space and sport under $30,000.
The redesigned 2015 Subaru WRX rally-inspired all-wheel-drive compact sedan with the wide body and the distinctive hood scoop remains the best total package for space and sport under $30,000. (Chicago Tribune, Robert Duffer)
Caption 2015 Ford Mustang EcoBoost
Ford
The Ecoboost version is the middle child of the new Mustang lineup. It starts at $25,995 and comes with a 2.3-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine that makes 310 horsepower and 320 pound-feet of torque.
The Ecoboost version is the middle child of the new Mustang lineup. It starts at $25,995 and comes with a 2.3-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine that makes 310 horsepower and 320 pound-feet of torque. (Ford)
See more galleries
New cars for 2015
Most of the 2015 models are hitting dealer lots in the third quarter of 2014. Here's a look at redesigned or all-new 2015 vehicles.
New cars for 2015
Most of the 2015 models are hitting dealer lots in the third quarter of 2014. Here's a look at redesigned or all-new 2015 vehicles.
Yes, you can travel back in time on a nostalgia trip in an honest-to-goodness DeLorean car courtesy of the DeLorean Motor Co., which continues to keep the short-lived, long-defunct brand running all these years later. It not only restores and sells traditional DeLoreans, the company outfits some to be replicas of the famed movie car ... at a price.
The new DeLorean Motor Co., or DMC, is headquartered near Houston and has franchise locations near Fort Meyers, Fla., Chicago and Seattle, and in Huntington Beach, Calif., and The Netherlands. The company restores the cars and sells genuine DeLorean parts acquired from the original manufacturer after its ignominious ending just three model years (1981 to 1983) into production, when founder John DeLorean was arrested on drug-trafficking charges (of which he was later acquitted) and declared bankruptcy. DeLorean, who died in 2005, had previously worked at GM, helping develop a number of well-known cars before striking out on his own with the goal of creating an affordable performance car with a forward-thinking design. It was ironically nicknamed "the ethical sports car."
The result was the DeLorean — which also went by DMC-12, a working title that never caught on — unmistakable due to its unique, bare, stainless-steel body and gull-wing doors. While touted as a performance car, the rear-engine, rear-wheel-drive coupe's specs wouldn't really be considered very impressive in today's era of the 700-horsepower  2015 Dodge Challenger  Hellcat. Its 2.85-liter, twin-turbo V-6 makes just 130 horsepower and is mated to either a five-speed manual transmission good for 18/28 mpg city/highway, or a three-speed automatic good for 18/25 mpg. While the DeLorean's top speed is about 130 mph, U.S. speedometers around the time of the era's oil crisis were mandated only to reach 85 — which, incidentally, is 3 mph shy of the 88 mph needed to get the "Back to the Future" DeLorean up to flaming-tire-track-leaving time-travel speed.
Although DeLorean had initially intended to sell his Northern Ireland-manufactured car for $12,000, the expense of producing the would-be BMW competitor forced that price up to the then-rather-spendy $28,000. By the end, only 9,200 had been built in a factory equipped to produce 30,000 cars a year — leaving stockpiles of unused DeLorean parts.

DeLorean Motor Co s DMCCaption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)

Tash Elwyn Thinks Like A Woman-How Raymond James Private Client Group Is Better For Thatreddit
Woe is me - a lonely woman in financial services who's been known to use the Twitter hashtag #nolineintheladiesroom. Women (mostly in marketing and human resources roles) represent just over 40 % of the workforce in financial services and wealth management, but a lot less (Cerulli estimates 11%) in financial advisory roles. As the first woman elected to the Hedge Fund Association (HFA) Global Board Of Directors in 2014, I am thrilled with the progress, but know women have so far to go! What can one woman and a spoon do to move an entire mountain? Who can help?
Enter Tash Elwyn - a guy who can think like a 'woman,' but roll with the rest of the guys in private wealth. Tash is a 'mutt,' a self-proclaimed Alex Keaton character from the popular 80's TV sitcom, Family Ties. A conservative kid of very liberal parents, even his name is a tip-off: Tash. Tashtego, his namesake, was a brave, revered Native American harpooner from the epic novel, Moby Dick. An unlikely beginning for the president of Raymond James & Associates (RJA) Private Client Group, a so-called unicorn on Wall Street, is someone who deserves your attention to this story. Born in Boston but raised outside of Atlanta, Tash followed his parents (not on @Twitter but in political leaning) by majoring in political science, studying Russian, and being accepted into and almost joining the Peace Corps after graduation. Stay with me, I promise this is a story about financial services.
It turns out Tash's 2nd career choice was financial services. While these two 'missions,' at first glance may seem at odds, I learned that it made perfect sense in Tash's mind. A financial advisor is a mashup of advisor, rabbi, priest, and physician. We are a trusted profession, Tash emphasized, not an "industry." Tash feels that he crossed the Rubicon from the Peace Corps to leading a division of Raymond James with more than 2,400 financial advisors while each day demonstrating his underlying belief, a duty to serve clients who put their faith into their financial advisor.
In discussing the recent Raymond James Women's Symposium, I was pushing Tash to tell me why yet another women's conference was important. "It's all about understanding each other," Tash said casually. " I am energized by the range of topics we discuss, from Smashbox makeup to asset allocation! Any opportunity to be present with our advisors, especially our female advisors, hear from them, visit with them and learn alongside them is important to me."  It was at that moment I realized that Tash Elwyn could think like a woman and how Raymond James financial advisors, women, men, and end clients could all benefit from his outlook, attitude and refreshing point of view, as opposed to the proverbial 'stale, pale and male,' that I usually meet.
Tell me more, I asked Tash, and he did willingly, openly and honestly. Even though he is a senior C-suite executive at a leading financial services firm, it became the smallest part of the conversation. Whether Tash Elwyn is of Emory University, the Peace Corps, Raymond James Private Client Group, or whether he is a son, husband or father, he is comfortable talking Smashbox cosmetics or market volatility without a wardrobe change.
While today's advisors (professionals) should strive to shed any veneer and be themselves, it seems to be a way of life for Tash. We quickly moved to parenting where Tash told me, "Days are long; years are short." As I have just delivered my youngest son, my 'baby', to college, I certainly knew what he meant. I have often thought of my own parenting experience and of my own boys, ages 21 & 19, as an 'internship' of sorts to my own financial services career. Growing up with one sister and no brothers certainly colored my world.
As soon as Tash told me that he had a 13 y/o daughter and an 11 y/o son, I could not wait to hear about his kids. Tash said, "My daughter, Sophie, is focused and amazing. Here is a typical morning scenario: to brother Johnny, 'It's 7:10 am and you are not wearing a belt. Those pants need a belt.' To me, 'Dad we are leaving in 7 minutes and you have no tie. I don't want you to be late!" 13 going on 30 as girls are overall more mature than boys. Tash went on to tell me about one time he was able to make it home for family dinner during the week, his daughter asked, "Why are you home so early? Isn't there always one more thing to do?" Of course, now my story makes sense, and now you can see why the Peace Corps is not a million miles away from Wall Street; you can see from your backyard.
If you become the type of man (in financial services) who can say emotional intelligence without laughing, listening to what clients (and people) are telling you, helping them to separate the signal from the noise, you also can be a man who can think like a woman - someone who is the new fresh-faced voice of Wall Street. Tash feels his role as president of RJA's Private Client Group is an opportunity to impact societal good, to embrace a fiduciary responsibility and to change the world through capitalism and good advice. Tash is a Gen Xer, a, "we, our & us," guy and not a, "I me, my," guy.
I saw that Raymond James had a yoga session at their women's conference and I know that Tash was sitting with some of the advisors after the class during which time he discussed Smashbox cosmetics with ease. I neglected to ask him if he took the yoga class. But I would not be surprised to learn that he was the teacher.
Follow April Rudin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TheRudinGroup
More:

Jet Airways COO quits in eighth top-level exitHi Guest
Jet Airways COO quits in eighth top-level exit
Jet Airways chief operating officer (designate) Subodh Karnik is learnt to have quit the airline. This is the eighth top-level exit in the airline in recent months.Confirming the development, a Jet Airways spokesperson said: “Subodh Karnik, chief operating officer (designate), will be leaving  Jet Airways for family reasons and is returning to Atlanta to be closer to his wife and children who were unable to move to India. He will continue to work with Jet Airways in an advisory ...

Is Pichai being groomed for top job at GoogleIs Pichai being groomed for top job at Google?
Surabhi Agarwal | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 09:44 PM IST
When Google’s Sundar Pichai visited India about a month ago, one question that came up repeatedly was whether he was in line to assume the top job at the company. Pichai was polite and humble in his response, neither confirming nor rubbishing the speculation.
Perhaps, he could see the announcement coming a month and a half later.
“I’m very passionate about computing. And, Google is a place where I can have a long-term vision of computing, and a humbling place to be…Larry (Page) is committed to the very long term. It’s a partnership I enjoy,” Pichai had told Mint.
According to news reports, the Chennai-born Pichai has been appointed Google’s head of products, which include search, maps, Google+, commerce, advertising and infrastructure. Pichai already heads the Android, Chrome and applications business. As such, his combined portfolio now includes some of the biggest stars from the Google portfolio (with the exception of YouTube), the cash cows (revenues from search and advertising pretty much run the entire Google), along with the most promising products such as Android.
The development lends weight to the possibility that Pichai could be Google’s next chief executive, when Page decides to step down. After all, he is controlling most of the company as its operations man, leaving co-founder and chief executive Larry Page with more time to focus on the “big picture”. It seems Page, who started the search engine giant with Sergey Brin, wants to devote his energy towards building the Google of tomorrow, through restructuring.
Google X, the division responsible for the big gambles being taken at Google — glass and self-driving cars — along with digital-thermostat maker Nest Labs, which is dabbling in the ‘internet of things’, will be under Page’s watch. The corporate development, finance, business and legal segments will continue to report to Page.
Last year, Pichai, 42, was appointed the chief of Google’s popular mobile operating system, Android. Since taking over the division from Andy Rubin, he has worked towards bettering the collaboration between various Google departments on Android, as well as the company’s relations with key partners such as Samsung.
Perhaps, it is this acumen for maneuvering difficult situations and running day-to-day operations that makes Pichai and Page such great partners — the former is an ace executor and the latter, a technology visionary.

T-Series plans to expand portfolio  strike balance between big & small cinemaT-Series plans to expand portfolio, strike balance between big & small cinema
Urvi Malvania | Mumbai Oct 25, 2014 10:45 PM IST
T-Series is planning to expand its portfolio of movies and produce seven a year, riding on the back of 2013-superhit Aashiqui 2.
A sequel to 1990-musical blockbuster Aashiqui, T-Series' "formal entry" into film production was made on a modest budget of Rs 18 crore. It went on to earn Rs 85 crore at the domestic box office, making it the most profitable movie of the year.
"With Aashiqui 2, we made a formal entry into film production. Before that, we had done a few films here and there like Tum Bin (2001), Bhool Bhulaiyaa (2007) and Patiala House (2011). But with Aashiqui 2, we decided to go full swing and have six to seven titles a year," said Bhushan Kumar, chairman and managing director, Super Cassettes Industries Limited - known as T-Series.
After the mammoth success previous year, Kumar stuck to the low budget-low risk strategy this year. The four films from the T-Series stables this year were Yaariyaan, Hate Story 2, Bhootnath Returns and Creature, all of which did well enough at the box office to recover investments. Yaariyaan also went on to make a profit.
In 2015, however, T-Series will go no-holds-barred. Some of its projects are Ranbir Kapoor-starrer Roy (budget: Rs 45 crore); Baby (Rs 55 crore), starring Akshay Kumar; and Airlift (around Rs 50 crore), also with Akshay Kumar.
Apart from this, a Rs 70-crore project is being planned. It would be the biggest investment by T-series till date, said Kumar.
Besides signing on stars as leads, Kumar has also inked deals with directors in order to churn out a steady stream of movies across genres and budgets.
"We have signed on Milan Luthria in a two-film deal. Nikhil Advani and Anurag Basu are in for a film each. We will be working with the Bhatts on two movies, both directed by Pooja. We are also looking at young talent and upcoming directors," says the T-series chairman and managing director.
At a time when every producer is cautious to hedge the risk of movie-making through co-production deals and co-investment partnerships, Kumar believes in taking the maximum risk in order to get the maximum returns. At least 80 per cent of the cost in any project is borne by T-Series. The production house retains not only the intellectual property rights but also assumes the title of the principal producer as opposed to a co-producer.
Explaining his high-risk model, Kumar said if a movie is made due to his conviction in the script, it should not incur major losses or accrue profits for anyone but him. He believes that his slate of movies is well balanced with projects in the range of Rs 5 crore to Rs 25 crore and also those in the Rs 40 crore to Rs 60 crore range.
"We just locked in Airlift with Akshay. It is a big budget film. Saif Ali Khan's and Nikhil Advani's film will also be a big budget project. Milan Luthria and Anurag Basu will also be on the hig budget ventures. Then, we have two films with Pooja Bhatt, both are in the range of Rs 10 crore to Rs 15 crore," said Kumar, displaying the variety of films under his banner.
He added: "We will also make Hate Story 3. The previous one - Hate Story 2 - had a budget of around Rs 6 crore. The sequel will have a slightly larger budget - around Rs 7.5 crore."
Analysts believe that T-Series' model of investing in low budget films (leading to higher profitability) has worked until now.
"It is difficult to say whether the model can be translated to bigger films or not, but scaling up is always a good idea for a studio. They have a knack for picking up good musicals and still continue to make small budget films. Given the right balance, they should be fine," said a trade analyst and critic.
Music continues to be the cornerstone of all T-Series productions said Kumar. From acquiring music, the label now also produces its own. In fact, in the case of Bhootnath Returns, which had little scope for songs, Kumar went ahead and added two songs to the movie's album. These turned out to be quite popular.
"Music will always be an integral part of our movies and business. People have been asking me if the increased competition in the music industry is worrisome, especially since the industry is going through a change. Frankly, I am glad that there are new players. Now, I can be even more selective in picking up movies in terms of music rights. The first choice for any producer (to sell the music rights) is always T-Series given our track record," said Kumar.

Dhoni opens innings in hockey leagueDhoni opens innings in hockey league
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 25, 2014 10:09 PM IST
The captain of the nation cricket team now has a stake in the national sport. M S Dhoni is the new co-owner of the Ranchi franchise of the Hero Hockey India League (HHIL), along with Sahara Adventure Sports. The team - formerly known as Ranchi Rhinos - will now be called Ranchi Rays. It had won the inaugural Hero Hockey India League in 2013 but was scrapped because of disagreement between former owners - Patel-PS Group and Uniexcel Group - and Hockey India.
This is Dhoni's second foray into sports entrepreneurship. He also has a minority stake in Hero Indian Super League's Chennai franchise - Chennaiyin FC, of which he is the co-owner, along with actor-producer Abhishek Bachchan and Vita Dani of Asian Paints.
Hero Hockey India League chairman Dr Narinder Batra said: "This is a great moment for Hockey India League to have M S Dhoni on board as a franchise owner, along with Sahara India Pariwar, of the world's most prominent hockey league. This initiative by Sahara India Pariwar showcases the faith that they have in Hero Hockey India League and I am happy by the kind of support that the league is garnering from all quarters. This development also shows the advancement of the HHIL, where reputed corporate and sports promoters are coming together to take Indian hockey to a new level altogether."
Dhoni said: "I am very happy to own the franchise of the Ranchi team in the HHIL. I was always interested to do something for this region. Also, I want to see hockey do better at the grassroots level. I have got this franchise with the support of Sahara India Pariwar, one of the prime promoters and patrons of sports in India."
Speaking on co-owning Ranchi Rays, Abhijit Sarkar, head, corporate communications, Sahara India Pariwar, and a director of Sahara Adventures Sports Ltd, said: "Hockey is our national sport. We are proud to be associated with the Ranchi franchise and are elated to continue our patronage and support of the game. We will achieve greater laurels and success in the sport of hockey in the coming years and Sahara India Pariwar is committed to the development of the sport at all levels."
Sahara India Pariwar also owns the Lucknow team - Uttar Pradesh Wizards.

Fresh violence in Trilokpuri  prohibitory ordersimposedPrint
Hindus, Muslims clash in Trilokpuri on Saturday. Forces struggled to contain the violence that began Friday. (Source: Praveen Khanna)
Written by Sarah Hafeez , Dipankar Ghose | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 10:02 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:23 pm
Clashes between Hindus and Muslims that began in Delhi’s Trilokpuri area on Friday evening were on till 24 hours later, leaving at least 13 people injured, including eight with bullet injuries.
Though prohibitory orders were imposed under Section 144 of the CrPC on Saturday night, security forces struggled to gain control, with clashes spreading to at least five blocks in the area. At least three of those injured are critical.
PHOTOS: Communal violence grip’s East Delhi’s Trilokpuri after Diwali
Groups armed with knives and swords roamed the streets till 1 pm on Saturday. Despite heavy presence of security personnel, including forces from neighbouring districts and the Rapid Action Force and CRPF, rioters, many of them in their teens, threw stones at each other.
Sources said that clashes had also spread to neighbouring East Delhi areas of  Khichripur and Kalyanpuri, though the incidents there were not as violent. “Forces have been deployed from adjoining police stations, including North-East, North and East Delhi. The situation is under control,” said a senior police officer.
Special Commissioner of Police (Law and Order) Deepak Mishra said there was sufficient police deployment to meet any eventuality. “There are no casualties,” he added.
While there were different versions on what triggered the violence on Friday evening, all involved a “mata ki chowki (a temporary religious structure set up by East Delhi simmers for 24 hrs, 13 hurt in riotsHindus to house a deity)”. One group said some individuals had desecrated the structure, but others claimed tension had been simmering in the area since Bakrid on October 6.
Sources in the police said an altercation had also been reported in the area on Diwali night, but it had been brought under control within an hour.
In a statement late on Saturday night, the Delhi Police said at least 60 suspects had been detained for rioting and arson. “In the evening of October 24, a riot took place in Tirlokpuri area of East Delhi between two groups. Fourteen persons, including 13 policemen, were injured in the melee,” the statement said.
The Trilokpuri MLA, the Aam Aadmi Party’s Raju Dhingan, blamed “vested” interests. “It started with an altercation and politically vested interests escalated it. The police and a peace committee are trying to reach out to people, asking them to maintain calm,” he said.
Former BJP MLA from Trilokpuri Sunil Vaid claimed he had warned about the presence of bootloogers and gambling dens in the area, and had been shot at as a result. “The area has been declared sensitive by the Election Commission and Delhi Police. It requires proper law and order,” he said.
A resident, Nishu Singh, claimed tension had been simmering continued…

Mamata woos industry with boat ride to Gangasagar  SundarbansMamata woos industry with boat ride to Gangasagar, Sundarbans
Probal Basak | Kolkata Oct 25, 2014 10:46 PM IST
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee might not have many policies to attract investors, but she is never short of innovative ideas.
After about half-a-dozen investors meets in Kolkata, Haldia, Delhi, Mumbai and the latest in Singapore without much success, Banerjee is now planning to take a boat ride next month with industrialists. West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation (WBIDC) has been asked to organise the trips. According to officials in WBIDC, the chief minister has lined up two boat trips with city-based industrialists – the first one on October 30-31 to Gangasagar and the other is scheduled for December 8-9 to Jharkhali, an island in the Sundarbans.
“Some leading industrialists said they would not be available for the first trip, hence the second one has been planned. Either both or at least the second trip will surely take place,” said an official. The night halt and the meeting with industrialists over dinner for both the trips are being planned at Sajnekhali Tourist Lodge, near Gosaba in the Sunderbans.
“The chief minister will also have a discussion with the invitees on board. She wants to sell tourism prospects in the region during the trip. There is a lot of scope for investment in tourism,” the official added.
Also, state Finance and Industry Minister Amit Mitra might visit Delhi by October-end. This is also one of the reasons for chalking out the second trip, as Mitra too will be accompanying industrialists, according to the plan.
According to officials, there would be 40 people, including key ministers, secretaries and industrialists who will take part in the boat trips. Although the state government is yet to make a formal announcement, sources said, CESC chairman Sanjiv Goenka, Ambuja-Neotia group Chairman Harsh Neotia, Dhunseri Petrochem and Tea chairman CK Dhanuka are among the invitees for both the trips. Invitations have been sent to presidents of the Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Bengal National Chamber of Commerce Industry, Merchants' Chamber, Indian Chamber of Commerce and Bharat Chamber of Commerce.
Some of the industrialists, who had excused themselves from the first trip citing prior engagement, however found themselves in a spot with the second trip plan.
“I have not yet received the invitation for the Jharkhali trip. But, you can say no and be excused once, but certainly not twice, when the invitation is from chief minister herself,” said an industrialist.
However, this is not the first time Banerjee has come up with such an idea. Earlier in June this year, Banerjee led members of her industry core committee, comprising cabinet ministers and several industrialists, to a meeting at an air-conditioned glass house on an island in Rajarhat’s Eco Tourism Park. The industrialists and the chief minister travelled in motorised country boats and a floating jetty for about 500 metres to reach the venue.
But there seems to be fewer takers for the two-day trips this time around. At least for the first one, it looks like ministers and government officials could outnumber industrialists

http://usat.ly/1FKeh8IMortgage rates continue to fall
Mortgage rates decline and the 30-year loan has declined to its lowest level since June 2013.
Post to Facebook
Mortgage rates continue to fall Mortgage rates decline and the 30-year loan has declined to its lowest level since June 2013. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wmXKlS
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Mortgage rates continue to fall
The Associated Press 2:04 p.m. EDT October 23, 2014
FILE - This Jan. 23, 2013 file photo shows a real estate sign in front of  a home in Downey, Calif. California home sales declined in July 2014 compared to the same time the previous year as buyers struggled to find something they could afford in the tight market, a research firm said Thursday, Aug. 14, 2014. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) ORG XMIT: LA106
(Photo: Jae C. Hong AP)
367 CONNECT 116 TWEET 140 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
WASHINGTON (AP) — Average U.S. long-term mortgage rates continued to slide this week, raising prospects of a wave of consumers refinancing their loans. The 30-year mortgage fell further below 4%.
Mortgage company Freddie Mac said Thursday that the nationwide average for a 30-year loan declined to 3.92% from 3.97% last week — the lowest level since June 2013. It stood at 4.53% back in January. The average for a 15-year mortgage, a popular choice for people who are refinancing, fell to 3.08% from 3.18%.
It was the fifth straight week that mortgage rates retreated.
The possibility of locking in a mortgage rate below 4% can be tantalizing for consumers. Across the country last week, homeowners and would-be homeowners eager for a bargain rate fired off inquiries to lenders.
Before last week, many bankers, lenders and borrowers had assumed that mortgage rates would soon start rising closer to a two-decade average of 6%. That was based on expectations that the Federal Reserve would start raising its key short-term rate next year — a move that likely would lead to higher mortgage rates.
But that assumption fell suddenly into doubt as stocks plunged last Monday and Wednesday amid fears about global economic weaknesses, the spread of Ebola and the threat of the Islamic State militia group in the Middle East.
Seeking safety, investors poured money into U.S. Treasuries. Higher demand drives up prices for those government bonds and causes their yields to drop. The yield on the 10-year note traded as low as 1.91% last Wednesday.
This week, the yield on the benchmark Treasury note recovered to 2.22% Wednesday. It traded at 2.26% Thursday morning.
To calculate average mortgage rates, Freddie Mac surveys lenders across the country between Monday and Wednesday each week. The average doesn't include extra fees, known as points, which most borrowers must pay to get the lowest rates. One point equals 1% of the loan amount.
The average fee for a 30-year mortgage was unchanged from last week at 0.5 point. The fee for a 15-year mortgage also remained at 0.5 point.
The average rate on a five-year adjustable-rate mortgage slipped to 2.91% from 2.92%. The fee was steady at 0.5 point.
For a one-year ARM, the average rate rose to 2.41% from 2.38%. The fee held at 0.4 point.
367 CONNECT 116 TWEET 140 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wmXKlS

India-Born Executive Pichai to Oversee Major Google ProductsIndia-Born Executive Pichai to Oversee Major Google Products
Office assistant  45  arrested for Bangalore school rapeThe arrest was made on the basis of medical evidence, statements by the child, and a confession by the suspect.
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: October 25, 2014 9:03 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 9:04 pm
The Bangalore police on Saturday arrested a 45- year-old office assistant at an international school in connection with a sexual assault on a four year old pre-nursery student. The accused has been identified as Gundappa Munivenkatappa, 45, of AK Colony in Jalahalli North Bangalore.
The arrest was made on the basis of medical evidence, statements by the child, and a confession by the suspect, police commissioner M N Reddi said.
“The case is still under investigation and we can’t disclose more details. We have recorded the confession statement of the accused person before the concerned magistrate under the provisions of section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code,” Reddi said.
The commissioner said the case proved a tough one to crack because the victim was a four-year-old and obtaining her statements were not easy.
Reddi said that the school did not have clearances from the education department for imparting education. The police have registered a separate case about the school functioning without permits.

Delhi: 19 injured in communal clashes in Trilokpuri102
0
New Delhi: At least nineteen people were injured including five with gunshot injuries after communal clashes erupted in Trilokpuri in east Delhi on Saturday.
Some families have left the area following the outbreak of violence. The police have detained 65 people so far and say the situation is now under control. Section 144 has been imposed in the area. The Rapid Action Force remains deployed.
Thirteen policemen have been injured as well. Police declined to comment on whether any of the miscreants are aligned to any political party but essentially they have said that rumour-mongering was done to antagonize two communities.
The police have detained 65 people so far and say the situation is now under control.

Three flying squads in each Jammu assembly constituency: DEOPress Trust of India | Oct 25, 2014 at 09:53pm IST
Jammu: Three flying squad surveillance teams would be deployed in each constituency of the Jammu district to keep a tab on the expenditure incurred by candidates and to check the use of muscle and money power in the upcoming assembly elections in the state.
"There will be three flying squads for one constituency and the number of squads may be increased in expenditure sensitive constituencies to keep a tab on use of money and muscle power during the upcoming assembly elections," said Deputy commissioner Jammu Ajeet Kumar Sahu, who is also the district election officer (DEO) during a one-day training programme of the 'flying squad surveillance teams' held on Saturday.
The program was held at Deputy Commissioner office to acquaint the surveillance teams of police and civil officers about the Expenditure Monitoring Mechanism (EMM) and other guidelines of Election Commission of India to ensure free, fair and smooth conduct of forthcoming Assembly Elections.
Three flying squad surveillance teams would be deployed in each constituency of the Jammu district to keep a tab on the expenditure incurred by candidates and to check the use of muscle and money power in the upcoming assembly elections in the state.
"The training programme focused on improving the participants' ability to handle election related situations, including effective control on violations of Model Code of Conduct, election expenditure of political parties and candidates, complaints of intimidation, influence, movement of antisocial elements, liquor, arms and large sum of cash," an official spokesman said.
The officials were told that entire poll process will be video recorded, including all the major rallies, public meetings, other political activities and their expenses. The Election Commission today announced a five-phased schedule for elections in the state.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Netaji deputy  Nehru aide ACN Nambiar was Soviet spy: British documents136
0
London: A deputy of freedom fighter Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, an "old friend" of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru and a former Indian ambassador, ACN Nambiar, has been described as a Soviet spy.
According to documents declassified under the 30-year-rule at the National Archives, Nambiar went to Berlin in 1924 as a journalist and worked with the Indian communist group, visiting Moscow as a Soviet "guest" in 1929.
"On the outbreak of the Second World War, Nambiar was expelled from Germany but later allowed to return as Subhash Chandra Bose's deputy in Berlin. Nambiar became the German- financed leader of the Free India Movement in Europe when Bose moved to the Far East to join the Japanese.
Nambiar went to Berlin in 1924 as a journalist and worked with the Indian communist group, visiting Moscow as a Soviet "guest" in 1929.
"He was also concerned with the Indian Legion, composed of Indian prisoners of war, which in 1944 was absorbed by the SS," an archive release said in a statement.
Arathil Candeth Narayan Nambiar was arrested in Austria in June 1945 and interrogated as a Nazi collaborator.
After the war, he worked as counsellor at the Indian Legation in Berne, as Indian Ambassador to Scandinavia and then to West Germany and finally as European correspondent of the Hindustan Standard RPT Standard.
He claimed this last post was a cover for industrial intelligence collection, the documents claimed. In 1959 he was reported by a defector source to have been an agent for the Soviet GRU from the 1920s.
The British documents include names and details of Netaji-led Azad Hind activities in Germany and elsewhere in Europe.
The declassified files also include copies of letters from Nambiar to Bose recovered from the German submarine U-boat 234 after it surrendered during the Second World War.
A note in the files by VW Smith implies Nambiar's close association with Nehru, saying: "one may hazard the conjecture that the 'very prominent person' referred to be Nambiar is Pandit Nehru, who undoubtedly knows the full facts".
It goes on to say that his appointment as an Indian diplomat made him "indebted to his old friend Pandit Nehru".
The documents released on Friday include the latest batch of files on Britain's MI5 activities as well as seven files on British Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm and his activities as a member of the Communist Party and the wartime stories of British fascist sympathisers and 'Fifth Columnists' exposed by an MI5 agent posing as a representative of the Gestapo.
46

Mumbai University has 12 billionairesMumbai University has 12 billionaires
India s Mars Orbiter Mission: The frugal innovationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

AbRam Debuts in  Happy New Year ; Steals Dad Shah Rukh s Thunder [PHOTOS + VIDEOAbRam Debuts in  Happy New Year ; Steals Dad Shah Rukh s Thunder [PHOTOS + VIDEO
India-born Sundar Pichai is Google s new product chiefIndia-born Sundar Pichai is Google s new product chief
About 25 banks in Europe are said to have failed ECB testsAbout 25 banks in Europe are said to have failed ECB tests
What the world is reading: what was hethinkingSatya Nadella
Written by Aleesha Matharu | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:10 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 8:12 am
Satya Nadella, the CEO of Microsoft, apologised last week for the remarks he had made at a women-in-computing conference on October 9, saying he had been “humbled” by his experience.
On October 20, while making a presentation on cloud computing in San Francisco he said, “Men and women get paid equally at Microsoft.”
But the figures dispute that. A male Microsoft senior software development engineer makes about $137,000 per year, according to Glassdoor, compared to about $129,000 for women.
Nadella was named CEO in February  and reports this week say that Microsoft has given him a pay package of $84.3 million, most of it in the form of long-term stock awards.
Nadella had suggested that women not need not ask for raises and have “faith” that the “system” would reward them. There was a major backlash on social media following the controversial remarks. One Twitter user even questioned whether the Microsoft CEO was “venturing into stand-up comedy”. Some cited a study by the American Association of University Women about how women typically earn 78 per cent of what equally qualified men are paid.
“Nadella seemed to be evoking the pop-culture notion of karma: what goes around comes around,” wrote Vauhina Vara for The New Yorker. “But his use of the term was reminiscent of how others have used the term and similar religious language in the past—just behave, and you’ll be rewarded later.”
“What on Earth possessed Nadella, a man who is so careful about his words, to suddenly start talking like a patronising, penny-pinching middle manager?” questioned Chris Taylor for Mashable.
In an open letter published by TIME, Nilofer Merchant, an author and speaker based in Silicon Valley, California, wrote: “Harvard research shows that women often face a choice of being perceived as either competent or likable (a problem men don’t face). Catalyst research shows that women are punished for being ambitious.”
In Forbes, Kathy Caprino was more sympathetic. She didn’t think Nadella wanted to keep women down, she wrote. Just that he “lacked empathy and a true understanding of what women go through every day in corporate world”.

Early Apple Computer Sells For Almost $1 Million At AuctionEarly Apple Computer Sells For Almost $1 Million At Auction
Reuters
reddit
(Reuters) - One of the few remaining examples of Apple Inc's first pre-assembled computer, Apple-1, sold for $905,000 at an auction in New York on Wednesday, far outstripping expectations.
The relic, which sparked a revolution in home computing, is thought to be one of the first batch of 50 Apple-1 machines assembled by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak in Steve Job's family garage in Los Altos, California in the summer of 1976.
Auction house Bonhams had said it expected to sell the machine, which was working as of September, for between $300,000 and $500,000.
The buyer was The Henry Ford organization, which plans to display the computer in its museum in Dearborn, Michigan.
"The Apple-1 was not only innovative, but it is a key artifact in the foundation of the digital revolution," Henry Ford President Patricia Mooradian said in a statement.
There were few buyers for the first Apples until Paul Terrell, owner of electronics retailer Byte Shop, placed an order for 50 and sold them for $666.66 each.
After that initial success, Jobs and Wozniak produced another 150 and sold them to friends and other vendors.
Previously, a working Apple-I was sold by Sotheby's auction house in 2012 for $374,500. (http://reut.rs/1yYUAZ4)
Fewer than 50 original Apple-1s are believed to survive.
(Reporting By Lehar Maan and Devika Krishna Kumar in Bangalore; Editing by Ted Kerr)
More:

Ethical and restrained use of natural resources needed: RSS  Suresh SoniE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Iran re-arrests leading human rights lawyer NasrinSotoudehPrint
By: Reuters | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:39 am
Iranian security forces arrested world-renowned human rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh and several others on their way back from a protest on Saturday, her husband said.
“While returning from the sit-in outside the Bar Association in Tehran, Nasrin was detained along with several friends and colleagues,” her husband, Reza Khandan, said on his Facebook page.
“They photographed and ran identity checks on all the detainees and then released everyone but Nasrin, who is still detained wantonly and without a court order.”
Sotoudeh, who has represented Iranian opposition activists, was sentenced to six years in jail in 2010 and banned from practice after being convicted of spreading propaganda and conspiring to harm state security.
Her case came to international attention in 2012 when she embarked on a 50-day hunger strike against a travel ban on her daughter.
The United States and human rights campaigners like Amnesty International criticised the Islamic Republic over the case and Sotoudeh was freed in September 2013 ahead of a visit to the United Nations by President Hassan Rouhani, soon after he swept to election victory in part on promises of liberal reforms.
Speaking to Reuters by telephone on Wednesday, Sotoudeh said she was protesting outside the Iranian Bar Association to demand a reversal of a three-year ban on her practicing law.
Iran’s Bar Association, under pressure from conservative hardliners who dominate the judiciary, this month banned her from practice, enforcing that part of her 2010 sentence.
“From the first day in prison, my interrogator vowed to use all his powers to stop me from practicing law,” she had said on the second day of her protest. “Four years on, he seems to have succeeded with the help of others.”
She said on Wednesday she would stop protesting once the right of dissidents to work and the bar’s independence were restored. She had been accompanied in her protest by 15 other people, including human and women’s rights activists.
“For years Iranian dissidents have been denied the right to live, work and seek education,” she said on her husband’s Facebook page last week, referring to a crackdown on pro-democracy activists since 2009.

Happy New Year  (HNY) Fans  Review: Funny Tweets About Shah Rukh and Farah KhanHappy New Year  (HNY) Fans  Review: Funny Tweets About Shah Rukh and Farah Khan
Indian portfolio manager in US fined $500 000Hi Guest
Indian portfolio manager in US fined $500,000
Reema Shah pleaded guilty to insider trading and cooperated with the US government for accepting insider info from a Yahoo! executive An Indian portfolio manager, who had pleaded guilty to insider trading and cooperated with the US government in its crackdown on securities fraud cases, avoided jail term and has instead been sentenced to two years' probation and a $500,000 fine.Reema Shah, 42, had pleaded guilty in 2012 to securities fraud in connection with an insider trading scheme in which an ...

Ebola test positive for New York doctor who treated patients in AfricaDr. Mary Travis Basset, NYC Health Commissioner, second from left, speaks during a news conference at Bellevue Hospital to discuss Craig Spencer, a Doctors Without Borders physician who tested positive for the Ebola virus. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | New York | Posted: October 24, 2014 10:02 am | Updated: October 24, 2014 12:41 pm
A physician with Doctors Without Borders who returned to New York City after treating Ebola victims in West Africa tested positive for the virus, setting off fresh fears about the spread of the disease.
Dr. Craig Spencer, 33, is in isolation at Bellevue Hospital . Two friends and his fiancée have been quarantined. At a news conference, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio sought to reassure the public that they are safe from Ebola.
“Being on the same subway car or living near someone with Ebola does not in itself put someone at risk,” De Blasio said.
The first confirmed case in America ‘s largest city set off renewed fears about the spread of the virus, which has killed nearly 4,900 people, largely in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
There have been nine cases of Ebola seen in the United States since the beginning of August.
The U.S. stock market reacted to the news and S&P futures fell 9 points or 0.45 percent. The dollar slipped against the euro and the U.S. 10-year Treasury rose, lowering its yield to about 2.24 percent.
Spencer developed a fever and gastrointestinal symptoms after working for the humanitarian organization in Guinea, one of three West African nations hardest hit by Ebola.
He felt the first symptom about 10 a.m. ET on Thursday when he developed a fever, city Health Commissioner Mary Travis Bassett said. People with Ebola only become contagious when they start feeling sick, she said.
He had been monitoring his temperature twice a day, she said.
A specially trained team wearing protective gear transported Spencer to Bellevue Hospital from his Manhattan apartment, the city said in a statement.
He came into close contact with two friends and his fiancee who have been placed in quarantine, she said. One of them is now in the hospital, she said.
A fourth person, a taxi driver, did not come into close contact and was not considered at risk, she said.
Spencer’s apartment in Manhattan’s Harlem neighborhood is sealed off, the health commissioner said.
His test will be sent to the Centers for Disease Control for confirmation which should come within 24 hours, she said.
The commissioner said Spencer completed work in Guinea on Oct. 12 and left two days later. Spencer’s Facebook page, which included a photo of him clad in protective gear, said he stopped over in Brussels.
Spencer arrived at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York on Oct. 17. After arriving home, he took a 3-mile (4.8-km) run, rode several subways, went bowling and may have eaten at a restaurant, the health continued…

Ottawa shooter had sought Libyan passport: Libyan embassy officialPeople look at the makeshift memorial near the National War Memorial near Parliament Hill, where Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, 24, was killed by a gunman. (Source: AP)
Ottawa | Posted: October 24, 2014 10:07 pm | Updated: October 24, 2014 10:13 pm
The man suspected of shooting dead a Canadian soldier on Wednesday had sought a Libyan passport in recent days but had been unsuccessful, an official at the Libyan embassy in Ottawa said on Friday.
“Even if your father was born in Libya, there are many documents that are required in order to get a passport. It is not easy,” said the official, who refused to give his name.
The suspected shooter, Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, was a Canadian citizen who may also have held Libyan citizenship, Canadian police said on Thursday.

WHO sending experts to Mali after first Ebola diagnosis in the West African countryBy Abby Ohlheiser October 24 Follow @abbyohlheiser
In Anniston, Ala., the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is training health providers who will be going to West Africa to fight the Ebola outbreak. (Jorge Ribas/The Washington Post)
The World Health Organization is preparing to send a team of experts to Mali after the country announced that it had its first Ebola case, a WHO spokesperson said Friday.
Mali's health minister said Thursday night that a 2-year-old girl who recently traveled from Guinea with her grandmother was admitted to a hospital in Kayes this week and tested positive for Ebola.
On Friday, WHO spokesperson Fadéla Chaib told The Post in an e-mail that four experts would travel to Mali as soon as possible to provide help with clinical management, epidemiology, contact tracing and social mobilization. "These functions need to be deployed within the next 24 hours," Chaib said.
The group will join a team of three WHO workers already in Mali, where they have been working on outbreak preparedness in the country since Oct. 19.
According to the WHO's statement on the case, the toddler's symptoms included a 102.2-degree fever, a nose bleed, bloody stools and a cough.
Chaib said the child first saw a health-care worker in Kayes, in the western region of Mali, on Monday. The next day, she was moved to the Fousseyni Daou Hospital and admitted to the pediatric ward.
Officials took samples from the patient on Wednesday, which were analyzed at the Bamako University Lab on Thursday. (An earlier statement from Malian officials said that the patient was admitted to a hospital on Wednesday.)
The WHO said that 43 contacts of the child have been isolated, including 10 health-care workers in Kayes. Local authorities are in the process of contact tracing and training personnel at the isolation site treating the child, the organization added.
In a second statement Friday, the WHO said that, based on an initial investigation, officials believe the grandmother traveled to a funeral in southern Guinea. The grandmother then returned to Mali on Oct. 19 with the child. The pair used public transportation.
"The case history revealed that bleeding from the nose began while both were still in Guinea, meaning that the child was symptomatic during their travels through Mali," the statement said. "Multiple opportunities for exposure occurred when the child was visibly symptomatic."
WHO officials are "seeking confirmation of media reports that the funeral was for the child’s mother, who is said to have shown Ebola-like symptoms before her death."
The number of people being monitored for symptoms of Ebola in the U.S. is growing. Here's how the virus spreads and how contact tracing works to stop outbreaks. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Mali is now the sixth West African country to record an Ebola case during the deadliest outbreak in history . The epidemic, whose death toll is rapidly approaching 5,000, has been centered in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia; Nigeria and Senegal have also recorded cases.
Just hours before Malian health officials announced the diagnosis, WHO assistant director general Keiji Fukuda said to reporters that the organization had "reasonable confidence right now that we are not seeing widespread transmission of Ebola into the neighboring countries," including Mali, Guinea Bissau and the Ivory Coast.
However, WHO hadn't ruled out the possibility of an Ebola case in Mali, as it was one of 15 countries identified as a "priority" by the WHO as the outbreak spread -- due in part to its proximity to the most severely affected regions. That's why, Chaib said, there was already a small WHO team in Mali before the first case was identified.
A sign at the Mali-Guinea border, in Kouremale. (Joe Penney/Reuters)
The Kayes region of Mali, where the first case was diagnosed, borders Guinea, one of three countries hardest hit by the Ebola epidemic. Guinea alone has recorded 904 Ebola deaths and 1,540 total cases of the disease, according to the latest figures available from the WHO .
In all, there are 4,877 confirmed deaths and 9,936 confirmed, probable and suspected cases of Ebola in seven countries: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone, Spain, the United States, Nigeria and Senegal.
Two of those countries are now considered Ebola-free: Nigeria and Senegal. Senegal, which also neighbors Mali, had a single case of Ebola, also imported from Guinea.
Also on Friday, the WHO announced that "several hundred thousand" doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine will be available by the first half of 2015.
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Cheaper oil actually hits oil PSU marginsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Lenders against plan to limit appraisals for large loans to big banksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

2 killed and 4 injured in US school shootingPrint
Police and sheriff vehicles are parked in the driveway of Marysville Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Wash., Friday, Oct. 24, 2014, the afternoon after a morning shooting in the school's cafeteria. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 25, 2014 12:45 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 10:11 am
In yet another tragic shooting in a US school, a student opened fire in a school cafeteria, killing one student and critically injuring four others before taking his own life, police said.
The shooting occurred on Friday in the cafeteria of Marysville-Pilchuck High School, 55km north of Seattle in Washington State.
The shooter was identified as Jaylen Fryberg, who was recently named the school’s homecoming prince. He shot himself and died, the police said. Eyewitness said the shooting began from cafeteria. Before turning the gun onto him, Fryberg killed one girl student. Two other girls and two boys were wounded. The injured were taken to a nearby hospital.
The four injured, including two cousins of the gunman, were shot in the head, the BBC reported.
Hundreds gathered at The Grove Church in Marysville, Wash., in the evening for a vigil to honor victims of a shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck High School on Friday, Oct. 24, 2014. (Source: AP)
Zach Yarbrough, a junior, told the local Seattle Times that he saw the shooter “extend his arm across a round table and fire his gun three to four times.” He watched the shootings but didn’t see what happened afterward because he “was already out of the cafeteria.”
One of the injured students, Jarron Webb, 15, said the shooter was angry about a romantic relationship he was involved in, and that the girl was one of the people shot. He said he believes one of the victims was his friend since kindergarten, the daily reported.
According to CNN, the shooter used the gun of his father. It is a “high capacity” weapon, the channel reported.
The school was locked down after the gunshots in the building, the school district said.
The FBI is sending its personnel to assist local officials in investigation.
This was the second shooting incident in a school in the region this year.

India picks Israel s Spike anti-tank missile over US Javelin: sourceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi takes tea  but no questions  in first press event as PM of IndiaNarendra Modi takes tea, but no questions, in first press event as PM of India
Reuters | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 25 2014, 19:39  IST
Oct 25 2014, 19:39  IST
 

Maharashtra: BJP plays hardball with Shiv Sena over govt formationBJP plays hardball with Sena over govt formation
Dharmendra Jore , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 25, 2014
First Published: 18:34 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:13 IST(26/10/2014)
A confident BJP on Saturday prepared to form a government on its own in Maharashtra, refusing to accede to the Shiv Sena’s “unreasonable demands” in lieu of its support.
Advertisement
BJP insiders said the party would go ahead with a minority government instead of giving the Sena a big share of cabinet berths and important departments.
BJP, which emerged as the single largest party in the 288-member Assembly with 122 seats, has already been offered outside support by the 41-member NCP. It also has the support of another MLA. With 63 MLAs, the Sena is the second largest party in the house.
The Sena had earlier sought 14 berths but later scaled down its demand to 10. However, the BJP is not willing to give Sena more than 5 berths, the sources added.
The new government is likely to be sworn in at the Wankhede Stadium on October 29.
State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis, who is likely to be the next chief minister, held a meeting with senior leader Vinod Tawde and national joint general secretary V Satish on Saturday ahead  of their meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Mumbai.
They are expected to request Modi to let them go ahead without Sena. Union home minister Rajnath Singh is expected to visit the city on Monday for the electing the legislature party leader.
Amidst the talks of government formation,  senior BJP leader and union transport minister Nitin Gadkari met RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat at the Sangh headquarters at Nagpur on Saturday morning.
Gadkari met Bhagwat a day after Fadnavis had called on the RSS chief.
Though Fadnavis is seen as the front-runner for the CM’s post, over 40 party MLAs from the Vidarbha region are backing Gadkari for the top job.
When asked about the meeting, Gadkari said they discussed many important issues barring Maharashtra politics and the issue of chief ministership.

Bangalore: School attendant held for raping 3-yr-oldComments
The city police, on Saturday, arrested a 45-year-old attendant in connection with the rape of the three-year-old girl in school.
Addressing a press conference late on Saturday evening, police commissioner M N Reddi said that Gundanna, the attendant, was behind the crime. Although he has been the prime suspect all along, the police waited to ensure they had enough evidence, he said.
“He was arrested after the girl identified his photo in front of a child psychiatrist at NIMHANS (National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences) and a statement was recorded under section 164 CrPC before a judicial magistrate,” Reddi added.
He has been working at the school for two years and police sources said that they are investigating if Gundanna has committed similar crimes in the past.
While the arrest has provided some closure to the parents of the victim, the incident has cast a shadow over the future of nearly a thousand other children studying in classes 1 to 7 at the same school. The education department has banned these classes as they were found running without a license from the CBSE. KRK Reddy, the general secretary of the trust that runs the school, has been arrested.
Parents of the children affected by the ban order held protests against the education department. “We are not willing to believe that the education department was unaware of the school’s license issues,” demanded Pramod Menon, a parent.

5-phase poll too exhaustive  say Jharkhand parties5-phase poll too exhaustive  say Jharkhand parties
Pak Parliament s support for Sharif derails ...You are here: Home > Collections > Pakistan
In Pakistan, a coup that wasn't
AP Oct 26, 2014, 12.21AM IST
Tags:
Imran Khan
(Khan & Qadri had accused…)
ISLAMABAD: It had all the elements of a classic coup: thousands descending on the capital, clashing with police outside parliament and commandeering state TV to demand the ouster of a civilian leader who had locked horns with the military in a country with a long history of turmoil and dictatorship.
But when the tear gas cleared in Islamabad in August, Pakistan's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif remained in office with the support of the entire parliament, the troops were still in their barracks, and the protesters had dwindled to a few thousand, their ``revolution'' confined to a festive, shrinking tent camp.
The uprising led by former cricket star Imran Khan and cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri failed to overthrow Sharif, but it did rattle the conventional view of Pakistan as a tottering state perpetually leaning on an all-powerful army. ``Parliament's unanimous support for Nawaz Sharif played a key role in saving democracy in Pakistan,'' political analyst Mahdi Hasan said.
Khan and Qadri had accused Sharif of massive fraud in the 2013 election that brought him to office in Pakistan's first-ever democratic transfer of power. International monitors reported irregularities in the vote, but have not questioned the outcome.
Beyond the voting allegations, Khan and Sharif are longtime political opponents, while Qadri holds Sharif personally responsible for the deaths of 14 of his supporters in clashes with police in Lahore in June.
At the peak of the protests in August some 70,000 people thronged the heart of the capital. On Aug. 30 the demonstrators burst through security barricades and clashed with police outside parliament. The police fired tear gas and rubber bullets. Three people were killed in the melee and another 500 - including police - were wounded.
The military, which had troops deployed to back the police, might have chosen that moment to side with the protesters and push for Sharif's ouster. The army overthrew Sharif in 1999, ending his previous stint as prime minister. More recently the army had clashed with him over his decision to bring a treason case against Pervez Musharraf , the general who had ousted him, and his support for a private TV channel that accused the country's spy chief of trying to kill its top anchor.
But instead of sweeping Sharif from power, Pakistan's powerful army chief Gen. Raheel Sharif met with the protest leaders to try to convince them to resolve the impasse.
Critics of the protesters say the military should have intervened to disperse them. Defense analyst Talat Masood said the army's ``reluctance to forcefully resolve the crisis encouraged the demonstrators.''
The army says it deployed troops to protect government buildings but that it was up to the 30,000 police and paramilitary groups - who take orders from government - to handle crowd control.
In the end, most of the protesters left on their own. Qadri officially ended his sit-in in Islamabad this week. Khan's supporters remain, but it's unclear whether the crowds of mainly college students that swell in the evenings are drawn there for political reasons or to hang out and hear popular singers who regularly perform at the rallies.
Sharif's government has said it is ready to let Khan use an open-air theater to ``entertain their supporters.''
Most of Khan's supporters in parliament, where his Tehreek-e-Insaf party had been the third largest bloc, have resigned from the assembly. And Javed Hashmi, who was president of Khan's party, broke with him over the decision to march on the prime minister's house on Aug. 30. Like other critics, he raised the specter of military involvement in the protests, alleging Khan had endangered democracy. Both Khan and Qadri have denied conspiring with the military.
The protests have not been a complete failure. In August Sharif announced the formation of a judicial commission to probe the vote rigging allegations. Khan and Qadri have rejected the commission, but Ishaq Dar , the chief government negotiator in talks with the protesters, says Sharif will step down if the commission finds that the election was fraudulent.
``We will have no moral authority to remain in power if the commission finds us guilty of rigging the elections,'' Dar said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi: Prohibitory orders clamped after communal clashes in Trilokpuri  60 arrestedCommunal clashes in east Delhi trigger tension
Mohit Sharma , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 25, 2014
First Published: 20:15 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:27 IST(26/10/2014)
Prohibitory orders were clamped in Trilokpuri area in east Delhi as sporadic violence continued unabated for the third day on Saturday.
Policemen patrol a road in Trilokpuri, New Delhi. (Mohd. Zakir/HT Photo)
Over 14 people, including 13 policemen, have been injured. Police said five of those injured sustained bullet injuries. Over 60 people have been arrested. Property worth crores has been damaged, with the mobs torching several shops and vehicles.
The police imposed Section 144 in the area on Saturday and personnel of the anti-riot Rapid Action Force (RAF) were deployed to quell the spiral of violence.
Though nobody was able to point a particular reason that triggered clashes between people of the two communities in block 27 on Thursday on the occasion of Diwali, police said the violence had engulfed major parts of the area, known as a resettlement colony.
After late night clashes on Friday, fresh stone pelting was reported from the area on Saturday morning.
“They threw stones, bottles and anything they could lay their hands on,” said a resident of block 15. Police said some people threw bottles filled with acid used as toilet cleaners, injuring some RAF personnel.
Brick bats are seen at a road in Trilokpuri, a day after a clash between two groups. (PTI Photo)
By afternoon, the police and RAF jawans climbed atop the rooftops to ensure people do not launch attack from vantage points. The area is congested with narrow lanes and bylanes separating one block from the other.
Read: Unabated violence in Trilokpuri triggers exodus, life crippled
The police and RAF personnel took over almost all blocks and were marching the streets in anti-riot gear.  Blocks 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 22, 28 29 were the worst affected by violence, police said.
Police sources said since clashes broke out at regular intervals over three days since Thursday, the police could not concentrate their efforts on restoring peace at one place.
RAF men patrol in Trilokpuri. (PTI Photo)
“We have deployed forces on the building terraces, to avoid make sure that people are not hoarding stones. Check points and pickets have been erected at every nooks and cranny in the colony,” said a senior police officer.“We have the situation under control and are asking the people to maintain peace in the area,” said Ajay Kumar, DCP (East).
After the police controlled the violence that erupted on Thursday, stone pelting was again reported between groups from the two communities on Friday night. The police used mild force and fired tear gas shells to brought the situation under control.
Intelligence Bureau and other agencies are keeping a watch on the situation of the area. Senior police officials are camping in the area and additional force from neighbouring districts have also been deployed in the area.
Read: Did Delhi police ignore alert by home ministry?
Meanwhile, Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee (DPCC) president Arvinder Singh expressed serious concern over the clashes in Trilokpuri and appealed to the people to maintain peace.
The DPCC, in a letter to the Delhi Police Commissioner, has asked him to immediately restore peace and order.
Chief spokesperson of the party Mukesh Sharma said that as the news of the clashes reached them, party leaders spoke to top police officials to get  complete details of the clashes and appealed to the police to provide people security and protection.

Indian rupee gains 17 paise to close at one-week high of 61.27 against dollarE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nissan to recall 9 000 cars for faulty airbagsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

5 Simple Stress Relievers For The Small Business OwnerThere's no getting around the fact that running your own business is hard. It can be, at once, scary, overwhelming, and stress-inducing.
But it can--and should--also be rewarding, productive, and enjoyable.
You don't have to live your life as a veritable ball of stress when you own a business. There are several steps you can take to ensure that you tackle each new day with a clear mind and calm attitude.
Here are five things you can do today (and every day) to relieve your small business-induced stress:
1. Have a daily plan (but be flexible)
The most successful, productive, and stress-free business owners start every day with a plan. Some people write lengthy to-do lists, others jot down the few things that must get done. However, you choose to approach it, you should begin your day with a clear idea of what you want to accomplish. This relieves stress by clearing your mind of the 101 tasks you know you need to complete and ensures that you'll accomplish what you need to, when you need to accomplish it.
2. Schedule your time in chunks and minimize distractions
Here's the hard truth: You are not a good multi-tasker. None of us are. We are cognitively unable to juggle several tasks at once, while still performing each of them efficiently and effectively. Batch your projects and minimize distractions: Set aside a block of time for writing-related tasks or client projects, checking and responding to email or reading and commenting on the blogs of influencers in your industry. And, all the while, keep distractions at a minimum. Give each important project a solid chunk of focused time and you'll be amazed what you can accomplish.
3. Practice yoga/meditation
Nothing clears your mind--quite literally--like meditation and yoga. By taking the time to exercise your mind and body and focus on your present circumstances you can see any stress-inducing conflicts with proper perspective: Are these things deserving of your headspace? What can you let go of? What can you solve today? Take regular time to clear your head and reevaluate what's deserving of your time and energy.
4. Hire people to help
This one's a fairly practical tip, but one that too many business owners avoid. You can hire help long before you think you can afford it! Many business owners work with affordable freelancers and virtual teams to delegate work. And, if you think about it, you're only losing money by spending your valuable time and precious energy on basic administrative tasks--like writing social media content, managing your bookkeeping, and scheduling calls and meetings--that other people can do for (and probably better than) you!
5. Take some time off
We get it--you own a business; it lives and dies by the time that you put into it. But you're not putting anything valuable into your company if you're working 24/7 and not taking care of your own body and mind.
You don't have to take a vacation every month, but I encourage you to set aside regular time for yourself! Give yourself an hour during the day to grab lunch and take a walk. Schedule time to unplug and spend uninterrupted time with your family. Designate a day where you remain email- and social media-free.
We promise, if you've incorporated the four steps before this, taking time away from work will be easier than ever and will allow you to come back to your business more refreshed, clear-headed, and stress-free than ever before.
As a small business owner, how do you overcome the inevitable stress? Let us know in the comments!
Follow Perry Paolini on Twitter: www.twitter.com/merrittbookkeep
More:

Subrata Roy s Sahara Group  M S Dhoni buy Hockey India League s Ranchi franchiseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Number of Ebola cases crosses 10 000: WHONumber of Ebola cases crosses 10 000: WHO
Mauritania closes border with Mali after Ebola deathMauritania closes border with Mali after Ebola death
Happy New Year  Ends Shah Rukh  Salman and Aamir Khan Fans  Twitter FightsHappy New Year  Ends Shah Rukh  Salman and Aamir Khan Fans  Twitter Fights
Googles Pichai to oversee major products servicesSundar Pichai, Senior Vice President, Google
By: Reuters | San Francisco | Posted: October 26, 2014 1:28 am
Google Inc Chief Executive Officer Larry Page has put Sundar Pichai, one of his key lieutenants, in charge of the Internet company’s products.
The India-born executive will have oversight over products such as search, maps, Google+, commerce, advertising and infrastructure, according to a Google spokesman.
Six executives who previously reported to Page, including the heads of research, social media and search, will now report to Pichai, according to Re/code, which first reported the change on Friday, citing an internal memo.
The change will free Page from having as many direct reports and product units to oversee so that he can better focus on “the bigger picture,” according to the Re/code report, which also cited anonymous sources. YouTube, Google’s popular video website, will be unaffected by the new structure and will continue to report directly to Page.
The move puts Pichai, 42, in charge of many of Google’s main services, including its core search and advertising units, which generate the bulk of the company’s revenue.
Google, the world’s No.1 Internet search engine, has experienced several high-level management changes this year. Chief Business Officer Nikesh Arora departed unexpectedly in July to become Vice Chairman of Japan’s SoftBank Corp and was replaced by longtime Google executive Omid Kordestani. Vic Gundotra, the head of Google’s social networking services, left in April.
Pichai, who has risen rapidly through the ranks since joining Google in 2004, is viewed by many industry insiders as potential CEO material. In addition to his duties overseeing the various products, Pichai will continue to lead Google’s Android and Chrome software operating systems as well as Google’s Apps business.

Centre to take up illegal sand mining with states nextweekThe Union mines ministry is asking states if the Centre should assist states in eliminating illegal mining
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 26, 2014 1:19 am
Concerned over large scale illegal sand mining across states, the Union mines ministry has convened meeting of all states and Union Territories next week to discuss the legal and administrative frameworks in place in each state to govern sand mining and the actual experience of states in handling such cases.
Sand is a minor mineral under Section 23C of the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act and states have been granted powers to frame rules regarding illegal mining.
In a letter to mining departments of all states and Union Territories including early this week, the ministry said though sand was a minor mineral and was under jurisdiction of states, it has become necessary to examine whether the Centre should take some steps in assisting states to curb and eliminate illegal mining of sand, especially because there are serious environmental consequences that follow from this activity.
The illegal sand mining ws discussed at recent meetings of Parliamentary Standing Committees on water resources as well as steel and mines.
In the meeting to be held in Delhi next week over three days, the mining secretaries of each state and union territory would discuss with the mines ministry on steps taken by them to curb and eliminate illegal sand mining and prevent adverse consequences of illegal sand mining on environment.
Sources said states would also suggest as to what further needs to be done in this regard.
While Orissa and 11 other states including Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh would be consulted on October 29, Assam, Kerala and 11 other states would meet on October 30. The remaining 11 states and Union Territories would be consulted on October 31.
In a 2011 judgment on mining in Haryana the Supreme Court said that the increasing demand for sand due from building and construction sectors was placing immense pressure on the supply of the resource, which has led to mining activity — both legal and illegal.

Shutting down KNPP unit proves it will not ...'Shutting down Unit-1 of KNPP proves it will not benefit Tamil Nadu'
PTI Oct 25, 2014, 08.32PM IST
(Udhayakumar alleged…)
MADURAI: Anti-nuclear activist S P Udhayakumar today said shutting down of the first unit of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project due to a problem had proved right his view that KNPP would not benefit Tamil Nadu.
Participating a demonstration organised by Social Democratic Party of India here, he said KNPP officials had claimed the plant was safe and had done trial runs after "thorough inspections"; but now a fault had been detected in the unit.
"My view that the plant will not benefit Tamil Nadu has been proved right after the first unit was shut down due to some problem," he said.
Udhayakumar, convener of the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy, alleged that commercial generation of power from Unit 1 had not taken place even for a single day, but did not elaborate.
On October 20, the first unit was shut down due to a "minor problem" in its turbine generator which had been in operation for just over 190 days, even as officials assured that the problem would be set right in six to eight weeks.
Unit-1 of the Indo-Russian joint venture at Kudankulam in Tirunelveli district had attained criticality on July 13, 2013, after much delay following protests against the poject by anti-nuclear activists, spearheaded by PMANE, in areas around the complex, citing safety reasons.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MUZAFFARNAGAR : 3 juveniles among 5 of family named in UP riotcasePrint
Written by Manish Sahu | Lucknow | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:02 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 6:15 am
Three juveniles are among five of a Jat family who have been accused of torching a Muslim neighbour’s house during the September 2013 riots in Lisad village of Muzaffarnagar district in Uttar Pradesh. The parents of one of the juveniles are the other two accused in the case.
The family, however, claims that the complainant was not present in the village on September 8, 2013 — the day the house was torched — and framed them because of an old dispute over a loan.
The family has filed a petition with police asking them to remove their names from the FIR. The case is being investigated by the Special Investigation Cell formed by the state government to probe the riot cases. The family says they learnt of the three juveniles — aged 11, 15 and 16 at the time of the incident — being named in the case after receiving summons from a local court.
Inspector Ajay Kumar Gupta, investigating officer of the case, said being a minor could not be a criterion to give a clean chit to any person. He said the case was under investigation and police moved court since the accused had not been responding to notices.
According to the FIR, the complainant, Shakeel Ahmed, said the accused turned up at his house around 11 am on September 8 with a sword, country-made pistols and a bucket of kerosene. He said the accused hurled abuses and torched his house after he fled with his family. He lodged an FIR on September 14, 2013.
The mother of one of the juvenile accused — the other two juveniles are relatives — sent a petition with an affidavit on October 8 to the Senior Superintendent of Police, Muzaffarnagar, with a prayer to look into facts in the case and removal of names from the FIR. She also submitted her son’s school certificate and a character certificate. In her affidavit, she asked that  proceedings against her son be dropped.

5 Small Business SEO Tips You Can Implement In-House Right Nowreddit
Every small business owner should implement search engine optimization into his or her online marketing strategy, but many shy away because they think they need a huge budget to get started. An effective and complete strategy will cost money, but that doesn't mean you have to sit idle until you can afford to hire an SEO agency.
Here are 5 small business SEO tips that you can implement right now in-house. These can help you improve your online presence and begin to attract website traffic. Some businesses have to start small because of budget limitations, and there is nothing wrong with that. Following these tips will help you build a solid foundation that an agency can build on when the budget becomes available.
1. Google My Business
The majority of consumers turn to Google search when they are looking for information. It is the dominant search engine, commanding a 67.6% market share , making it extremely important that your small business is found in Google's local search results.
Make sure that you create a Google My Business profile, fully complete all sections and select the most appropriate categories for your business listing. Fill out your full business address exactly as it appears on your website, business location hours, write a complete description of your business, and include the maximum number of photos.
2. Encourage Customer Reviews
Gathering positive reviews online is an important part of small business SEO. There are many ways that you can ethically encourage reviews without straight-up telling your customers to leave a review. E-commerce websites can send an email to previous customers letting them know that their feedback is valuable, and providing links to popular review sites such as Yelp and Google My Business.
Businesses with physical locations can create a page on their website that has links to all of the review websites and direct their customers to the address on receipts and postcards placed in bags. There is a right way and a wrong way to collect reviews. For more information read over Google's local review policies .
3. Secure Links From Trust Sources & Local Organizations
Is your business an accredited member of the Better Business Bureau? If not, then you are missing a great link opportunity. Is your business a member of your local Chamber of Commerce? Again, this is a great link opportunity. Membership organizations like these are a great way to earn high quality links, but they also convey a level of trust.
You can also find amazing link opportunities from local organizations, including charitable groups, schools, and community events. Often times these can double as a link opportunity as well as an opportunity to put your business in front of your local community.
4. Create Citations & Audit NAP Data
There are many business directories that allow you to create a listing for free, complete with your business name, address and phone number. This is often referred to as NAP data, and it is very important that your NAP remains 100% consistent across every business directory.
Listings like Yelp, yp.com, and foursquare are all great listings that you should claim and complete. There are tools available, such as Moz local that will help you identify, claim and manage local listings. Moz local also audits your listings, identifying duplicate listings and inconsistent data.
5. Publish Consistent Content
You should have a blog on your website and it is important that you publish new fresh content on a regular basis. Not only does a frequent content schedule give your website visitors something new to engage with each time the visit, but it also gives you a change to target long tail local-focused keywords to rank in the organic search results.
Hiring an SEO agency or a full-time writer to create content might not be in the budget at the beginning, but that doesn't mean you should neglect your content publishing. Source blog posts from within your business -- assign topics to employees and develop contributors from within.
Want more free online marketing tips? Make sure you sign up for the Market Domination Media weekly newsletter. Click here to instantly download a free copy of "The Complete A-Z Online Marketing Strategy Guide" and you will also automatically receive free online marketing tips in your inbox every week.
Follow Jonathan Long on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MDMSEO
More:

Your Two Jobs As A Managerreddit
Over the years I've ended up hiring and training a lot of people in their first jobs as a manager, and I always tell them they have two responsibilities: to set clear expectations and to reduce uncertainty for their teams. (I think this is true of anyone in management, but if you're a founder/CEO, you're also responsible for overall vision, strategic direction, etc. but I won't get into that here.)
I was thinking about this yesterday because I've been having the expectations/uncertainty conversation a lot lately with more senior/C-level managers and have had to articulate what I mean, so I figured it might be useful to do it here.
Set Clear Expectations
Nothing sets people up to fail faster than being unclear about what you expect them to achieve in their jobs. One of the mistakes that I see a lot of first-time managers make is failing to do this from the outset. They worry more about building up a good friendly rapport with the people they're managing (which is not unimportant*) and many of them try a little too hard to be liked because they have some guilt about being the authority figure in the relationship, which is often a new experience for them. The downside of this is that if expectations are not articulated in the beginning, there's a good chance that the employees flail because they are trying to please the boss and do the right thing, but don't know what is actually required, or they lose respect for the manager because they assume the manager doesn't actually know what their objectives should be.
How do you determine what expectations you should be articulating? Start with what you'd consider success for the individual employee and then outline success for the team/company as a whole. Quantitative goals are the easiest to figure out, but there are probably some qualitative aspects of how the job gets done that are important and the person working for you needs to know what those are. (If you have trouble defining those things in positive terms, think about what would be dealbreakers for you.)
A corollary to this is that you should never massively oversell a job during the hiring process. If there's a tedious part of the job that's also an absolute requirement of the job, don't gloss over it just to land the candidate, or you may end up with a miserable employee you have to replace sooner rather than later.
I personally don't believe in micromanagement and when I find myself doing it, I always consider it a sign that I hired badly. I like to give people goals that are a bit of a stretch, but not unattainable and let them come up with a plan to get there, which we then review and come to an agreement about what will work and what won't. I try to keep an eye out for when they're getting in the weeds and make sure they're comfortable asking for help, but I give them as much autonomy as they can productively handle because it's the fastest way to learn.
But it should always be apparent to everyone that the company is moving in a specific direction toward a specific goal, and everyone should be able to articulate their role in getting it there with codified benchmarks for whether they're succeeding or failing.
I have a pretty direct management style. This is not a euphemism for "I'm a giant asshole," it just means that if there are problems, I try to confront them head-on and I don't couch an urgent message in qualified language that undermines the urgency of the message. If someone's not meeting expectations, we talk about it as soon as I realize that it's a problem. If I've done a good job of setting expectations in the first place, he or she is never surprised by that conversation.
I also don't believe in qualifying praise. I've had two bosses myself who after I hit a positive hard-to-reach milestone would qualify the acknowledgement with something underminery about how maybe the goal was too easy or I had too many resources. These people were famously bad managers to everyone, so I didn't take it too personally, but it made them seem small and petty, and I don't think that attempting to instill insecurity in your employees in order to motivate them is a good management strategy. If your employees are actually competent and know they're doing a good job, they just lose respect for you. Don't exaggerate praise to the point of suggesting that mediocre work is good work, but err on the side of generosity.
Reduce Uncertainty
This is something that's a little harder for a lot of people to learn and / or accept.  Talented hardworking people become unproductive and demoralized in environments where they don't know what's going on. It makes them feel insecure about their work, even when it's good, and it makes them feel that their jobs are at risk.
In small companies and start ups, there's inherently a lot of uncertainty. Pivots happen all the time in small and big ways. But it's always surprising to me how frequently managers neglect to communicate those changes, or clam up when employees rightly want to know what's going on. Generally, people don't need answers to everything, but when things seem overly opaque or they're getting conflicting messages, managers have to be able to articulate a) what's happening in the moment, and b) give people a reasonable idea of where the company is going. If specific questions can't be answered because decisions haven't been made yet, or there are dependent variables that haven't been determined, "I don't know yet," is a perfectly acceptable answer. But sometimes hard to get senior managers to learn to say "we haven't decided yet, but here's the timeline for the decision and we'll let you know when we decide." This is not weakness; it's honesty. (That said, too much I don't know for too long is also a problem, and probably indicative of an indecisive management team.)
You can't be transparent about absolutely everything, but erring on the side of transparency even when the news is negative builds trust, which is what will take your company through any unexpected rough spots. If your employees think you're withholding information or being cagey, they'll generally assume it's because you're hiding something bad. Your employees aren't looking for a perfect story with a fairy tale ending; they're looking for certainty-about what's happening, the stability of their jobs, and what management thinks about their performance. And they'd rather have someone who gives them hard news in a way that treats them like the adults they are, rather than patronizing them with misdirection and rosy assurances that everything is fine when they can see that it plainly isn't. Trust is more important than likability -- though certainly if everyone hates you, it's very unlikely that they're going to trust you. But you can't tell people falsehoods that they want to hear on the basis that they'll have more benevolent feelings toward you with the idea that it'll make it easier for you to lead. It won't. Your team probably already has an inkling of the truth and if they don't, they'll find out sooner or later. Do not lie to them.**
But uncertainty can also be a problem when things are going extremely well. Anxiety can be a reaction to both very positive and very negative events.  If you're expanding and scaling rapidly, the process is going to introduce a lot of chaos and anxiety about how the process is going to be managed. If your employees are getting significant promotions or benefiting in material ways from the company's success (i.e., big windfalls), those things create anxiety too. It's not your job to be anyone's therapist, but you should understand that with all the changes, where the company's going and how you're getting there is an ever-shifting thing.  Which means you have to articulate what's happening now and what you anticipate will happen as urgently as you do when things are going badly.
In companies that are small enough, there may be a sense that these things don't need to be articulated because "everyone knows". It's better to assume they do not. I see founders and CEOs do this a lot when mid-level and junior employees don't feel comfortable asking them those questions directly, or they may feel like they're imposing on the senior manager's time. Then they quietly become stressed out, demoralized and unproductive. Communicate iteratively, and often.
* Likability can be an important asset as a manager, but it shouldn't be conflated with respect or trust. We understand this implicitly in our personal relationships-there are people we enjoy being around, but we wouldn't trust with anything we care about, and there are people we think are trustworthy but find personally irritating sometimes. Ideally, all of these things go together, but in messy, complex real life they often don't.
** This may seem obvious, but apparently it isn't: DO NOT LIE TO YOUR EMPLOYEES. I had a job-I won't say which one-where I gave a mid-level manager reporting to me a heads up that I had to deliver a piece of bad news to the staff. He suggested I lie about it since there it wouldn't have been easy for the staff to verify one way or the other. I told him that if I ever caught him doing that I'd fire him. I have no idea if he makes a practice of doing that, but if so, I'd imagine it's going to bite him in the ass sooner or later. And more importantly, it's just the wrong thing to do.
Elizabeth Spiers is a journalist and digital media expert. This post first appeared on her website, www.elizabethspiers.com .
More:

India spikes US  Javelin missiles for Israel s  SpikeIndia spikes US' Javelin missiles for Israel's 'Spike'
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 12.03AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(The sources said, would…)
NEW DELHI: India today decided to buy 8,356 Spike anti-tank guided missile and 321 launchers from Israel for Rs 3,200 crore, rejecting US offer of Javelin missiles that Washington was lobbying hard for.
The decision was taken following a meeting of the Defence Acquisition Council , chaired by Defence Minister Arun Jaitley , that lasted for over two hours with Defence Secretary , the Chiefs of all three services, DRDO Chief and other senior officials attending it.
India will outright buy 8,356 missiles and 321 launchers from the Israeli firm Rafael Advanced Defence Systems, official sources said.
They said the missiles would be brought to India in various stages and pieces.
This, the sources said, would be followed by transfer of technology (ToT) to defence PSU Bharat Dynamics Limited for large-scale manufacture.
Asked how much missles the Indian army needs to have to fully equip the Army's 382 infantry battalions and 44 mechanised infantry units, sources put the figure at about 40,000.
Spike is a man-portable 'fire and forget' anti-tank missile that locks on to targets before shooting.
The Israeli missile trounced US' Javelin weapons system, built by Lockheed Martin Corp and Raytheon Company but sold to global customers through the US government under the Foreign Military Sales route.
The deal for the missile had been stuck since 2010. The decision to purchase the Israeli missiles came just days after India and US, in principle, agreed to extend their defence agreement for another 10 years which will take forward the cooperation between the two countries in the crucial area.
The US has been pushing defence deals with India worth over Rs 20,000 crore, including the sale of Apache attack choppers, Chinook heavy lift helicopters and the Javelin anti-tank guided missiles.
To sweeten the deal, US had recently offer to co-produce and co-develop the missile. It had initially not agreed to provide critical technologies of the missile demanded by India and had also shown reluctance to make available the missiles for being evaluated by Indian experts in the field trials.
Army sources said the trial and staff evaluation of the Spike missile had been completed.
US has already sold equipment worth Rs 60,000 crore in the last 10 years to India but none of these weapon sales programme is about joint production or co-development and does not include transfer of technology.
India has raised the FDI cap in defence sector recently from 26 per cent to 49 per cent with the aim of boosting indigenous defence production.
India imports almost 70 per cent of its defence needs from foreign sources.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SpaceX Dragon capsule splashes down in Pacif...SpaceX Dragon capsule splashes down in Pacific Ocean
By Reuters | 26 Oct, 2014, 02.33AM IST
READ MORE ON » SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket | SpaceX | Pacific Ocean | NASA TV | Dragon cargo ship
The capsule returns with about 3,800 pounds (1,724 kg) of science experiments and equipment no longer needed aboard the station.
In pic: In this still image from an October 25, 2014, NASA video, SpaceX's unmanned Dragon spacecraft leaves the International Space Station to return to Earth on Saturday after a month in orbit, NASA said. Astronauts at the orbiting lab manipulated the space station's robotic arm to detach the Dragon on time, at 9:57 am (1357 GMT), in what the US space agency called a 'very clean release.'
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
A Space Exploration Technologies Dragon cargo ship ended a monthlong stay at the International Space Station on Saturday and splashed down on schedule in the Pacific Ocean near Mexico.
Reid Wiseman and Barry Wilmore, astronauts with US space agency NASA, used the station's robotic crane to release the capsule, built and operated by California-based SpaceX, as the company is known, at 9:57 a.m. EDT (1357 GMT) as the two vehicles soared 260 miles (418 km) over the northwest coast of Australia.
"Dragon is free," mission commentator Rob Navias said during a live broadcast on NASA TV .
The capsule made a parachute descent into the Pacific Ocean, splashing down at 3:38 p.m. EDT (1938 GMT) west of Mexico's Baja California.
The capsule returns with about 3,800 pounds (1,724 kg) of science experiments and equipment no longer needed aboard the station.
It blasted off aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida on Sept. 21 with more than 5,000 pounds (2,268 kg) of food, supplies, experiments and equipment, including a prototype 3D printer and 20 live mice that will be used in medical experiments to assess bone and muscle loss during long-duration space flights.
Dragon also delivered a $26 million NASA science instrument called RapidScat that was attached to the outside of the station to measure wind speeds over the oceans.
The mission is the fourth of 12 under SpaceX's $1.6 billion contract with NASA for station cargo runs. The company is one of two recently selected by NASA to also develop capsules to fly astronauts to and from the station, a $100 billion research laboratory owned and operated by a partnership of 15 nations.
SpaceX's next resupply mission to the station is targeted for Dec. 9. On Monday, NASA's second station cargo shipper, Orbital Sciences Corp, is slated to launch its Antares rocket and Cygnus freighter from the Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. Launch is scheduled for 6:45 p.m. EDT/2245 GMT.

Student Who Stood Up To GOP Congressman Says He Was Shocked By Homophobic RemarkStudent Who Stood Up To Don Young Says He Was Shocked By Homophobic Remark
Posted:
Updated:
10/24/2014  8:59 am EDT
Rep. Don Young (R-Alaska) made highly insensitive remarks about gay marriage and suicide at a Wasilla, Alaska high school earlier this week. (Photo By Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call) | Tom Williams via Getty Images
reddit
WASHINGTON -- An Alaska high school student said he and his classmates were stunned by Rep. Don Young's (R-Alaska) insensitive comments during a school assembly Tuesday and thinks the congressman’s apology was insincere.
Zachary Grier, 17, a senior at Wasilla High School, asked Young during the assembly why he still opposed same-sex marriage, even after a court struck down Alaska's ban on same-sex unions . Young responded by asking Grier, “What do you get when you have two bulls having sex?” When Grier answered that he didn’t know, Young told him: “A whole lot of bull.”
Grier said his principal cut the assembly short after his question. Many teachers later thanked him for pressing Young.
“I was pretty upset,” Grier told The Huffington Post. “I can understand having your own opinion, and that’s fine. But having your own opinion and coming into a room filled with high schoolers and telling them that same-sex marriage is the same as two bulls having sex -- in my opinion, that’s wrong.”
Even more shocking, Grier said, was the way Young talked about suicide less than a week after a high school classmate took his own life. Young told the assembly of about 130 students that suicide was caused by a lack of community support, which angered a close friend of the deceased student. When the student interrupted Young to say that wasn’t true, the congressman called him a “smartass,” Grier said.
“To hear that it was because you weren’t a good friend, I mean that makes someone hurt more than just having that happen,” Grier said. “To hear that it’s your fault after the fact is definitely a heavier blow.”
The leader of the nation's largest suicide prevention organization expressed dismay at Young's comments.
"Alaska has one of the highest rates of suicide in the United States and it is disappointing that Representative Young would say such ill-informed remarks about something that is taking the lives of his constituents, young and old, across the Frontier State," said Robert Gebbia, CEO of the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
Gebbia said it's imperative for people to be sensitive when talking about suicide, and responsibility is greater for those who hold public office. "Members of Congress, and elected officials across the country, should lead by example on this important health concern," Gebbia said.
Grier said he had not heard from Young personally, but the school received an apologetic letter from Young’s campaign. Grier said the letter was meaningless because Young on Wednesday said he stuck by his comments.
“In my opinion, a written apology doesn’t mean crap because it’s not from him,” Grier said. The teen also dismissed a statement released by Young’s office on Tuesday that said Young “did not mean to upset anyone with his well-intentioned message.”
“I don’t know how anything was well-intentioned there,” Grier said. “Whatever was intended well was not taken well, I’ll put it like that. Because of the way he made it come across and because of the views that he’s sticking to, a day after he heard how badly it affected our school.”
Grier added that he thought his school would appreciate a genuine apology from the congressman.
Young, who has served in Congress since 1973, exposed viewpoints that Alaska voters may not have known he held, Grier said.
“Why would people from Alaska have voted this guy in so many times if these are his views and he’s not afraid to stick by them whether it hurts high schoolers or not?,” Grier said. “I still don’t understand how people could have voted him in as much as they have.”
Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) said Thursday night that she had talked to Young and "encouraged him to rethink the past few days and apologize to Alaskans" for his remarks.
"One of Don's qualities that Alaskans appreciate is his willingness to speak from the gut," Murkowski wrote on her Facebook page. "On a serious issue like suicide, that casts an enormous and dark shadow across our state, much more thought needs to be given before speaking up. Words matter, and I hope Don can recognize the need to apologize to all Alaskans who have been impacted by the tragedy of suicide."
This article has been updated to include comment from Sen. Murkowski.
Jennifer Bendery contributed reporting.
Need help? In the U.S., call 1-800-273-8255 for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline .
Also on HuffPost:

PM Narendra Modi appreciates Shashi Tharoor s joining Clean India campaignPM Narendra Modi appreciates Shashi Tharoor's joining Clean India campaign
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 12.16AM IST
Tags:
Insurability
("A great effort by @ShashiTharoor!…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today appreciated Congress MP Shashi Tharoor for actively participating in 'Swachh Bharat' campaign, saying his effort is "very encouraging".
"A great effort by @ShashiTharoor! His active participation in Swachh Bharat Mission is very encouraging," Modi tweeted.
He also re-tweeted the photographs showing Tharoor leading a group of people in clearing garbage at one place in Vizhinjam in Kerala.
Tharoor, who was removed from the post of spokesman by his party for praising Modi, defended his active participation in the cleanliness drive, saying "this is not the prerogative of any political party and the message of keeping one's surroundings clean was first given by Mahatma Gandhi."
He has said no political meaning should be read into it. "Gandhi had said sanitation was more important than independence. But for Gandhi, cleanliness of body and mind was equally important, which meant that ridding the heart of hatred and violence was also important," Tharoor said when asked whether his action would be dubbed as violation of party's warning.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dehradun man kills 4 family members overpropertyPrint
By: Express News Service | Dehradun | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:10 am
A man in his early 20s who allegedly killed four members of his family on Diwali, was produced before a local court and sent to 14-day judicial remand on Saturday.
Harmeet Singh had allegedly stabbed to death his father Jai Singh, stepmother Kulwant, their adopted daughter Harjeet (29) and Harjeet’s daughter Sukhmani (3) while the four were sleeping at home in Adarsh Nagar.
The police said Harjeet was pregnant and had come to her father Jai Singh’s house in Dehradun to deliver her third child. Jai Singh, who was in the advertising business, had married twice. The accused Harmeet is the son of the first wife who stays in UP’s Saharanpur. The police believe that Harmeet killed the four out of fear that his father might transfer his properties to his adopted daughter Harjeet.

US FDA issues emergency authorisation for two new EbolatestsThe US Food and Drug Administration granted emergency authorisation on Saturday for two new Ebola tests.
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:01 am
The US Food and Drug Administration granted emergency authorisation on Saturday for two new tests made by BioFire Defense that detect Ebola in humans.
FDA said in a news release that it has been working closely with Salt Lake City-based BioFire Defense to obtain the necessary performance data to enable the authorisation of the Ebola tests.
“We understand the importance of quickly diagnosing Ebola cases in the US and abroad. FDA is committed to working with companies in the most expedited manner to increase the availability of authorised diagnostic tests for Ebola for emergency use during this epidemic,” the agency said.

UP lowest among traditional BIMARU states in 9-yr growthUP lowest among traditional BIMARU states in 9-yr growth
Jharkhand regional parties unhappy with five-phaseelectionPrint
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:14 am
For the regional parties of Jharkhand, which fought an election earlier this year, slugging it out in a five-phase election spread over 26 days may be an uphill task.
There are worries that a long-drawn-out electoral process will favour the national parties as they can manage the logistics, ration out funds and keep cadres motivated over such a long period.
“Yes, we are worried that the bigger parties will have an advantage. This could have been held over three phases. We could not make a representation to the Election Commission about it this time, but it is something we should have considered,” said Pradeep Yadav, general secretary of JVM(P), former CM Babulal Marandi’s party.
The state chief of the TMC also expressed reservations. “The decision to have elections over five phases was taken for administrative reasons — to contain the security threat. It could be a problem for smaller parties,” admitted Bandhu Tirkey.
Those like the AJSU, whose chief Sudesh Mahto had fought a bitter and yet unsuccessful battle for the Ranchi seat earlier this year, had fought in earnest in the Lok Sabha elections. Marandi of the JVM(P) as well as TMC’s Tirkey had contested too, with similar results.
The JVM(P) has been visibly hit by Marandi’s morale-sapping loss, with six legislators and a clutch of leaders leaving the party since. The TMC, which surged pre-Lok Sabha polls, has had trouble sustaining that momentum, with many leaders leaving.

First phase of J&K elections: EC pins hope on BandiporeturnoutPrint
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:12 am
Concerned over the boycott factor, the Election Commission has yet again decided to hold the elections in the three constituencies of Bandipore district of Kashmir in the first phase of polls in the state. In the 2008 elections, 64 per cent voters had turned up in Bandipore, setting the tone for high voter turnout in the state.
In the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, south Kashmir went to polls in the first phase. With people staying away from the polling booths — the turnout was 28 per cent in Anantnag — the trend followed in other parts of the Valley as well.
Chief Electoral Officer of Jammu and Kashmir Umang Narula said on Saturday that in the first phase, 15 assembly constituencies would go to polls, including five from the twin districts of Bandipore and Ganderbal districts.
Immediately after the press conference of the Election Commission in New Delhi, Narula addressed the press in Srinagar, giving details about the assembly segments that will go to polls in five phases.
Narula said that they have asked the deputy commissioners to do a detailed survey to relocate the polling stations due to the floods. “So far they (deputy commissioners) have indicated that there are only about 99 polling stations that needed to be changed as per their preliminary estimate,” he said.  “But we have asked them to do a detailed survey and in case there is any requirement, they will tell us and we will relocate.”

19 trades in 67 seconds19 trades in 67 seconds
Botswana ruling party leads in early voteresultsThe party that has ruled Botswana for nearly five decades was leading Saturday in early results.
By: Associated Press | Gaborone | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:31 am
The party that has ruled Botswana for nearly five decades was leading Saturday in early results from the country’s election, but the opposition appeared to have made gains after capitalizing on voter discontent.
The ruling Botswana Democratic Party had secured at least 18 parliamentary seats in the peaceful election on Friday, according to a live broadcast of preliminary results at polling stations. An opposition group, the Umbrella for Democratic Change, had won nine seats and another group, the Botswana Congress Party, had secured two seats, after about half of the constituencies had been counted.
A party needs 29 seats to take power in Botswana and the new parliament elects the president. There are 57 directly elected members of parliament, and the new parliament selects another four members. The president and the attorney general also become members, bringing the total to 63.
The southern African country has a reputation for stability and clean governance, although opposition figures allege the leadership has become increasingly intolerant.
In the 2009 elections, the ruling party won 45 of the 57 directly elected parliamentary seats, but won the popular vote by a smaller margin at 53.3 percent, leading fractious opposition groups to complain they were inadequately represented.
The ruling party is led by President Ian Khama, a retired army general and the son of independence leader Seretse Khama. He was seeking re-election on a platform of economic stability and efforts to alleviate persistent poverty. He has also promised to bring down Botswana’s high unemployment, but the president has become increasingly unpopular with the country’s unions after he proposed stricter labor laws.
Election results also showed that the ruling party secured a majority in council constituencies. Opposition parties made a strong showing in the country’s urban centers, including the capital, Gaborone.
Voting proceeded smoothly. The electoral commission reported minor irregularities on the voters’ roll that the commission said were quickly corrected.

Consumer advocate Ralph Nader asks Apple to pay workers more  than activist investorsConsumer advocate Ralph Nader asks Apple to pay workers more  than activist investors
US students fight for lives after latest school shootingUS students fight for lives after latest school shooting
School Shifts Gears After NBC Synthetic Turf Reportschool shifts gears after nbc synthetic turf report
Olfactory Artist Has Crafted A Sculpture That Smells Like Vaginareddit
Peter De Cupere , our favorite olfactory artist, has created a new work exploring the space between divine and embodied representations of women. His piece, entitled "The Deflowering," contains a rather unusual medium: the (organically and mysteriously obtained) scent of vagina.
De Cupere has crafted a statue of the Madonna made from what he refers to as "frozen holy water." In an olfactory performance, the statue is placed atop a spot carefully fashioned to smell like woman (i.e. vagina). When the holy water begins to melt, the immediate vicinity of air is imbued with the scent of passion. The work will only be on view for two hours, while the Madonna figure melts. Viewers are then permitted to rub their fingers in the puddle of holy water, but doing so results in a vaginal odor lingering on your person for an extended period of time.
When we reached out to De Cupere for more information on this unorthodox endeavor, our first question was: Why? His answer was twofold. "Religion has always been an interesting issue in art," he began. "The reason is simple, because it's conservative, an old and closed idea and art is the opposite, it's progressive and open -- like a vagina."
The artist then added his secondary method of reasoning: "A woman's vagina smells, in general, great and more men should respect that."
"I use the Madonna statue as a symbol because it's the most known religious symbol of a woman," De Cupere said. His artistic mission is, in part, to break through the aspects of femininity and sexuality often deemed taboo by organized religion -- not only Christianity. "I don't say that women are always treated wrong in religion, but it still happens too often!"
The melting of the Madonna metaphorically yields a sense of sexual freedom, while physically oozing a sexually liberated perfume. At its core, De Cupere's project is simply and wonderfully a celebration of scent -- in particular, a natural, feminine scent all too often deemed unsavory or unwelcome. "Passion is smelling and enjoying the scent of your love," De Cupere states. "It's too taboo! And what is taboo should set be free."
In case you were curious, De Cupere isn't dealing with any imitation odors here. "I ordered the fragrance from a lab and they've made it," he specified. "I wanted to be sure that it's a mix of different women and that they are from different origins. The scent is not synthetic. It's the real vaginal scent distilled in special ways. How they do it is the secret of the labs."
This is surely one of the stranger feminist artwork's we've seen smelled in our day, but we wholeheartedly support the scentiment. The performance takes place today in Antwerp, but you can get a whiff of the experience in the video below.

US-led aircraft pound IS group with 23 air s...US-led aircraft pound IS group with 23 air strikes
By AFP | 25 Oct, 2014, 09.14PM IST
0
Share More
The dam is the country's largest and, if destroyed or dismantled, it could unleash major flooding of the city of Mosul and the capital Baghdad.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The US-led military coalition pounded the Islamic State group Friday and Saturday, with 22 air strikes in Iraq and one in Syria, the Pentagon said.
Eleven of the bombings in the heavy barrage targeted IS units, buildings, positions and vehicles near the strategic Mosul Dam, US Central Command, which is overseeing the air war against the jihadists, said in a statement.
The IS militants briefly held Mosul dam in August, but Kurdish forces and Iraqi army troops -- backed up by US air strikes -- succeeded in retaking the dam later that month.
The large dam in northern Iraq is a crucial piece of infrastructure and IS has repeatedly tried to seize it back.
The dam is the country's largest and, if destroyed or dismantled, it could unleash major flooding of the city of Mosul and the capital Baghdad.
A further four strikes hit near Fallujah, while others targeted Bayji, Qurayat al Hajjaj and other locations in Iraq.
These raids were carried out by US and coalition partners, using bombers, fighter jets, and unmanned drones.
The sole strike in Syria, near Kobane, destroyed an artillery piece, Centcom said, and was conducted by US aircraft.
"The destruction of ISIL targets in Syria and Iraq further limits the terrorist group's ability to project power and conduct operations," Centcom said.
Kurdish forces, backed by US air power, have been holding out against an IS offensive around Kobane for weeks.

Burdwan bomb meant for attacks in Bangla: NIAPrint
The agency issued a statement late night stating that it had completed the initial phase of probe into the bomb blast in a house at Khagragarh village in Burdwan district of West Bengal.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:16 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 6:26 am
Confirming the initial suspicion in the October 2 Burdwan blast, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) Friday said the accused arrested in the case and their associates were members of terror group Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bang-ladesh (JMB), who were preparing Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) for transporting them to that country for possible terror attacks.
The agency issued a statement late night stating that it had completed the initial phase of probe into the bomb blast in a house at Khagragarh village in Burdwan district of West Bengal.
While two persons — Shakil Ahmed and Suvon Mandal alias Subhan — both allegedly residents of Bangladesh, were killed while manufacturing IEDs, one Abdul Hakim alias Hassan was injured. Hassan and three others including two women, one of them the widow of a suspected terrorist who died in the blast, were arrested.
“Investigation so far has revealed that the accused persons and their associates were the members of JMB, a terrorist organisation proscribed in Bangladesh and they were preparing IEDs which were being transported to Bangladesh,” the NIA said in the statement.
The agency said it is focussing on the activities of JMB covering all aspects including the funding of terror activities. It said it is also considering announcement of cash rewards for any information leading to the arrest of the absconding accused who include JMB members from Bangladesh.
The NIA statement came hours after its Director-General, Sharad Kumar, inspected the house in Burdwan where the blast took place also took stock of the field investigation being conducted by the agency.
After spending about 30 minutes at the blast site, Kumar inspected another house at nearby Mathpara on Badsahi Road where 40 improvised hand grenades were found. He also visited a house which one of the suspected dead terrorists Shakil had rented in Beldanga in Murshidabad. He later went to ‘Burqa Ghar’, apparently a burqa making unit run by Shakil but suspected to have been used as a place to meet the other accused.
The visit came two weeks after the agency took over investigations. Later, Kumar held a meeting with the agency’s Kolkata team after which he said strategies have been worked out to arrest the absconding accused persons.
“I have come to Kolkata to review the investigation. I had a detailed discussion with my officers. We have evolved strategies regarding arrests of absconding accused persons. I can’t reveal anything because it will affect the investigation,” Kumar said on his return.

Iran re-arrests leading human rights lawyer Nasrin SotoudehPrint
By: Reuters | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:39 am
Iranian security forces arrested world-renowned human rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh and several others on their way back from a protest on Saturday, her husband said.
“While returning from the sit-in outside the Bar Association in Tehran, Nasrin was detained along with several friends and colleagues,” her husband, Reza Khandan, said on his Facebook page.
“They photographed and ran identity checks on all the detainees and then released everyone but Nasrin, who is still detained wantonly and without a court order.”
Sotoudeh, who has represented Iranian opposition activists, was sentenced to six years in jail in 2010 and banned from practice after being convicted of spreading propaganda and conspiring to harm state security.
Her case came to international attention in 2012 when she embarked on a 50-day hunger strike against a travel ban on her daughter.
The United States and human rights campaigners like Amnesty International criticised the Islamic Republic over the case and Sotoudeh was freed in September 2013 ahead of a visit to the United Nations by President Hassan Rouhani, soon after he swept to election victory in part on promises of liberal reforms.
Speaking to Reuters by telephone on Wednesday, Sotoudeh said she was protesting outside the Iranian Bar Association to demand a reversal of a three-year ban on her practicing law.
Iran’s Bar Association, under pressure from conservative hardliners who dominate the judiciary, this month banned her from practice, enforcing that part of her 2010 sentence.
“From the first day in prison, my interrogator vowed to use all his powers to stop me from practicing law,” she had said on the second day of her protest. “Four years on, he seems to have succeeded with the help of others.”
She said on Wednesday she would stop protesting once the right of dissidents to work and the bar’s independence were restored. She had been accompanied in her protest by 15 other people, including human and women’s rights activists.
“For years Iranian dissidents have been denied the right to live, work and seek education,” she said on her husband’s Facebook page last week, referring to a crackdown on pro-democracy activists since 2009.

Electronics sector to get `5K crore investments in 2-3 yrsElectronics sector to get `5K crore investments in 2-3 yrs
California: Three officers suspected of sharing nudephotosOfficer suspected of stealing nude photos from the cellphones of a women sent them to at least two fellow officers.
By: Associated Press | Martinez | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:41 am
Authorities say a California Highway Patrol officer suspected of stealing nude and racy photos from the cellphones of women arrested on drunken driving charges sent those photos to at least two fellow officers.
The Contra Costa Times reported Friday that Officer Sean Harrington confessed to investigators in what he and other officers called a game.
Investigators say Harrington sent photos to fellow officers in Dublin, but learned it working in Los Angeles, and confessed to doing this half a dozen times over several years.
CHP Commissioner Joe Farrow says his agency has launched an investigation, adding that the allegations anger and disgust him.
Contra Costa County prosecutors are considering criminal charges.
Attempts by The Associated Press to reach Harrington and two other officers under investigation were unsuccessful.

Two laws on censorshipThe CBFC and its sister organisation, the Film Certification Appellate Tribunal (FCAT), act with an arrogance that has no sanction in law.
Written by Pankaj Butalia | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 1:01 am
Two individuals stand at opposite ends of the film-censorship spectrum in India: One a Bollywood filmmaker, Vishal Bhardwaj, who made Haider, and the other a young documentary filmmaker, Shubhradeep Chakravorty, who made En Dino Muzaffarnagar, a documentary on last year’s riots. Bhardwaj, who agreed to 41 cuts, was able to state in his film that the Indian army was responsible for the disappearance of Kashmiri men in 1995, blew up homes at will, tortured people in the most brutal way and let loose a counter-terrorism force that played havoc with Kashmiri society. He was also able to incorporate in his film another holy cow of a censorious society: incest.
This is a major step forward for free speech. Unfortunately, the benefits of the censor board’s “largesse” do not percolate down to “lesser” filmmakers like Chakravorty, who could not get permission to screen his film. The lame excuse was that he had shown a specific political party to be responsible for the riots and that a particular caste had also been mentioned. A depressed Chakravorty died due to a brain haemorrhage soon after. At about the same time that the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) was sanctioning Bhardwaj’s film, my documentary, The Textures of Loss, on depression in Kashmir, was rejected because it had the line: “ the paramilitary forces reacted with disproportionate violence”.
The CBFC and its sister organisation, the Film Certification Appellate Tribunal (FCAT), act with an arrogance that has no sanction in law. At the heart of this arrogance is the misconception that cinema lies outside the pale of freedom of speech, guaranteed by the Constitution.
It is widely believed, including by the filmmaking fraternity, that the act from which film censorship in India derives its powers overrides free speech. But the grounds on which a film may be refused sanction for public exhibition have been clearly specified. These grounds are precisely the “reasonable restrictions” on free speech listed in the Constitution. No more. Nowhere is there any mention of why film needs to be treated differently from other media. The only difference is that a film is vetted before it enters the public domain, as opposed to other media, where action is taken ex-post.
There is no dearth of Supreme Court judgments which have held that reasonable restrictions have to be put to test and enforced minimally.
In Ramesh vs Union of India, the SC observed that “that the effect of the words must be judged from the standards of reasonable, strong-minded, firm and courageous men, and not those of weak and vacillating minds, nor of those who scent danger in every hostile point of view”. Yet, small-time officials in the CBFC and FCAT feel emboldened to object to a film on absurdly subjective grounds and a desire to please their masters. The biggest victims of such arbitrariness continued…

Rural issues  local solutionsEven 67 years after Independence, the quest for replicable models of development has relegated us to a constant state of experimentation.
Written by Ronnie Screwvala | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:00 am
In his first Independence Day speech from the Red Fort, the prime minister laid out his vision for rural India. He drew a broad sketch of what all Indians must aspire to; now it needs finer details, so that the vision is rooted in possibility. An action plan for rural India needs a sense of urgency, priority and direction.
To understand the problem, we need to tear ourselves away from our desks in our urban headquarters and view rural issues through local lenses. This calls for an altering of approach. In the new government’s promise to build a toilet for every home in every village is the underlying assumption that villagers will instantly abandon the common recourse of defecating in the open and use the facilities built for them, and that one year down the line, these toilets will automatically be maintained and used by the local populace. Unfortunately, our experience at the Swades Foundation suggests that things won’t play out quite like that.
In the last 30 months that my wife Zarina and I have been operating in rural Maharashtra, we’ve equiped schools expecting children and their parents to line up for admission before the paint dried; we assumed that every child will aspire to complete Class X, move forward and frame career goals. We’ve held eyecare camps and after identifying a staggering 19 per cent in need of spectacles or simple cataract surgeries, we expected huge turnouts. Sadly, we couldn’t be further from the truth.
India’s development agenda suffers from being predominantly top-down. Even 67 years after Independence, the quest for replicable models of development has relegated us to a constant state of experimentation. The era of mass models needs to be left behind. Instead, we must tailor our interventions to geography, prevailing culture and lifestyle of the communities for whom interventions are planned. One of our prime minister’s new schemes, the Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana, concerns me for this reason. It seeks to create a model village in every constituency, but our experience suggests that villages should be built on the framework of local needs rather than on a formula. No model can be effective unless it is replicable over a minimum cluster of villages (around 500-1,000 in each). Approximately 65 per cent of our population lives in villages. To form a model for all to follow, we will need a needle-moving number of model villages in each constituency to be able to make a significant impact.
The problem stems from a general misconception that rural India is eagerly awaiting sophisticated solution providers from urban India to rescue it, which simply isn’t the case. To be able to truly help improve the lives of rural communities, we need to internalise four words: trust, empathy, aspiration and empowerment. There is a vast chasm of mistrust that needs to be crossed continued…

The trains on trackSri Lankan ethnic Tamils gather on platforms and welcome the train "Queen of Jaffna," as it arrives at Jaffna in Sri Lanka.
Written by Aaranya Rajasingam | Posted: October 24, 2014 9:54 am
There was much hype and celebration on October 13, as the Yal Devi (Queen of Jaffna) Express chugged into Jaffna railway station after 24 years. Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa boarded the train at Palai and declared its station open, as well as those of Kodikamam, Chavakachcheri and Navatkuli, which fall between Palai and Jaffna. This was a momentous event for the people of Jaffna, who had not been connected by rail to the south for a whole generation because of the war. But while the government hailed it as an example of reconstruction efforts in the north, the boycott of the opening by the Northern Provincial Council (NPC), the only ethnic minority and opposition-controlled provincial council in the country, was an indictment of the lack of reconciliation efforts.
The northern line, built in the early 20th century by the British, ceased to function in 1990 due to increasing LTTE attacks. More than two decades later, the trains that whiz past Kilinochchi, the former de facto economic and administrative capital of the LTTE, paint a deceptive picture of peace in the war-ravaged region. The government hopes that the train will connect the majority Tamil north with the Sinhala south, unthinkable during the war. But five years after the fighting ended, the north still remains entirely alien and separate from the south because of continued surveillance, militarisation, detention without trial, as well as the failure to address issues such as land grabs by the military, the ever-growing number of missing people and the large, unaccounted number of woman-headed households that are vulnerable to exploitation and abuse. The list goes on. In addition, the government action plan for the implementation of the Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission report remains fundamentally flawed due to its refusal to accept the need to redress the genuine political grievances of Tamils. Combined with the continued refusal to extend the 13th Amendment provisions to the NPC — it doesn’t enjoy the basic privileges that other provincial councils do — it becomes easy to see why people in the north are disillusioned.
Ircon, a subsidiary of the Indian Railways, has invested more than $800 million in the project. In Sri Lanka, the need for infrastructure, essential for development, is most apparent in the north and east. But the government seems to be missing the larger picture in the reconstruction efforts — this was clear when the overwhelmingly Tamil electorate (more than 80 per cent) in the NPC elections voted the Tamil National Alliance to power in 2013.
The voters’ voices were clear: you cannot rebuild on the surface but let gross injustices continue in the north. Despite largescale reconstruction projects, poverty and unemployment remain rampant in the north. A case in point is Mullaitivu district, where the poverty headcount is at a national high of 28.8 per cent, continued…

India may strike deal with Vietnam for oil e...India likely to strike deal with Vietnam for oil exploration
PTI Oct 25, 2014, 07.56PM IST
Tags:
Dharmendra Pradhan
(India is likely to strike…)
NEW DELHI: Looking to deepen its economic ties with Vietnam, India is likely to strike a deal for exploration and production of oil and gas during the visit of South East Asian nation's Prime Miniter Nguyen Tan Dung on October 27.
Ahead of its Prime Minister's two-day visit here, Vietnam has also evinced keen interest in greater cooperation in key areas of defence, security and oil exploration and has hoped that some pacts will be signed during the trip.
"We are looking at enhancing India's cooperation in the fields of hydrocarbons and oil exploration," Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan told PTI.
He said he interacted with Vietnamese authorities on further cooperation in the oil sector during President Pranab Mukherjee's visit to Vietnam in September and wants this cooperation to be taken further.
"We are exploring more options to further our cooperation with Vietnam in the oil sector," he said, hinting at further talks and some possible tie-ups during the Vietnam Prime Minister's visit.
Pradhan said a team of officials of state-run Indian Oil Corporation had visited Vietnam and explored some business ventures which may come to fruition during the Vietnamese President Pranab Mukherjee's visit.
During Mukherjee's visit in September, ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-run explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC), had signed an agreement to expand its oil and gas exploration in offshore Vietnam.
The Indian flagship firm agreed to consider exploring in 2-3 blocks out of the 5 areas in South China Sea that Vietnam had offered on nomination basis in November last year.
The five blocks or areas - 17, 41, 43, 10 & 11-1 and 102&106/10, offered in November last year lie outside the territory claimed by China in the South China Sea.
OVL forayed into Vietnam as early as 1988, when it bagged the exploration license for Block 06.1. The company got two exploration blocks - Block 127 and Block 128, in 2006.
However, Block 127 was relinquished after completing the work programme, and the other Block 128 is currently under exploration.
Additionally, ONGC Videsh and PetroVietnam have been engaged in further discussions for possible expansion of cooperation in hydrocarbon sector of Vietnam.
OVL had relinquished Block 127 in offshore Phu Khanh Basin after it failed to find any oil or gas in the area.
Though it had decided to withdraw from adjacent Block 128, it has decided to stay put because of India's strategic interests in the region. The exploration period for the block has been extended until June 15, 2015.
China claims sovereignty over most of the South China Sea where Block 127 and 128 are located and had warned the Indian arm from drilling in the region.
OVL continues to own 45 per cent in Vietnam's offshore block 6.1 and its share of production was 2.023 billion cubic metres of gas and 0.036 million tonnes of condensate.
During his visit, Tan will be accompanied by a delegation of a number of businessmen, who will hold talks with the top Indian leadership on strategically-important bilateral issues of security and energy as well as regional matters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

In Pakistan  a coup that wasn tYou are here: Home > Collections > Pakistan
In Pakistan, a coup that wasn't
AP Oct 26, 2014, 12.21AM IST
Tags:
Imran Khan
(Khan & Qadri had accused…)
ISLAMABAD: It had all the elements of a classic coup: thousands descending on the capital, clashing with police outside parliament and commandeering state TV to demand the ouster of a civilian leader who had locked horns with the military in a country with a long history of turmoil and dictatorship.
But when the tear gas cleared in Islamabad in August, Pakistan's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif remained in office with the support of the entire parliament, the troops were still in their barracks, and the protesters had dwindled to a few thousand, their ``revolution'' confined to a festive, shrinking tent camp.
The uprising led by former cricket star Imran Khan and cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri failed to overthrow Sharif, but it did rattle the conventional view of Pakistan as a tottering state perpetually leaning on an all-powerful army. ``Parliament's unanimous support for Nawaz Sharif played a key role in saving democracy in Pakistan,'' political analyst Mahdi Hasan said.
Khan and Qadri had accused Sharif of massive fraud in the 2013 election that brought him to office in Pakistan's first-ever democratic transfer of power. International monitors reported irregularities in the vote, but have not questioned the outcome.
Beyond the voting allegations, Khan and Sharif are longtime political opponents, while Qadri holds Sharif personally responsible for the deaths of 14 of his supporters in clashes with police in Lahore in June.
At the peak of the protests in August some 70,000 people thronged the heart of the capital. On Aug. 30 the demonstrators burst through security barricades and clashed with police outside parliament. The police fired tear gas and rubber bullets. Three people were killed in the melee and another 500 - including police - were wounded.
The military, which had troops deployed to back the police, might have chosen that moment to side with the protesters and push for Sharif's ouster. The army overthrew Sharif in 1999, ending his previous stint as prime minister. More recently the army had clashed with him over his decision to bring a treason case against Pervez Musharraf , the general who had ousted him, and his support for a private TV channel that accused the country's spy chief of trying to kill its top anchor.
But instead of sweeping Sharif from power, Pakistan's powerful army chief Gen. Raheel Sharif met with the protest leaders to try to convince them to resolve the impasse.
Critics of the protesters say the military should have intervened to disperse them. Defense analyst Talat Masood said the army's ``reluctance to forcefully resolve the crisis encouraged the demonstrators.''
The army says it deployed troops to protect government buildings but that it was up to the 30,000 police and paramilitary groups - who take orders from government - to handle crowd control.
In the end, most of the protesters left on their own. Qadri officially ended his sit-in in Islamabad this week. Khan's supporters remain, but it's unclear whether the crowds of mainly college students that swell in the evenings are drawn there for political reasons or to hang out and hear popular singers who regularly perform at the rallies.
Sharif's government has said it is ready to let Khan use an open-air theater to ``entertain their supporters.''
Most of Khan's supporters in parliament, where his Tehreek-e-Insaf party had been the third largest bloc, have resigned from the assembly. And Javed Hashmi, who was president of Khan's party, broke with him over the decision to march on the prime minister's house on Aug. 30. Like other critics, he raised the specter of military involvement in the protests, alleging Khan had endangered democracy. Both Khan and Qadri have denied conspiring with the military.
The protests have not been a complete failure. In August Sharif announced the formation of a judicial commission to probe the vote rigging allegations. Khan and Qadri have rejected the commission, but Ishaq Dar , the chief government negotiator in talks with the protesters, says Sharif will step down if the commission finds that the election was fraudulent.
``We will have no moral authority to remain in power if the commission finds us guilty of rigging the elections,'' Dar said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra & Haryana polls: Decoding the mindset of a new generation of voters(The minor trends seem to…)
By Harish Nambiar
The elections in Maharashtra and Haryana have given the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) controlling stake in two of India's most urbanized states. However, those reading this as a resurgence of Hindu chauvinism may be using older benchmarks to plot out new trends.
There are indications that the elections in these two states might have more to do with the country's deepening democracy and a shift that was first available on television in 2002.
That was the year Dhirubhai Ambani died and the country saw a huge display of public mourning never seen before on the streets of Mumbai for an industrialist and businessman.
That singular event suggested that India's sensibility was changing course irreversibly from being a primarily socialist country to becoming an unabashedly capitalist one. The current elections might signal a similar shift in the country's political sensibility too.
More than two decades after economic reforms started, the idea of a polyphonic India has only now achieved critical mass. Across Bangalore, Gurgaon, Pune, Hyderabad as much as Kochi, Guwahati, Bhubaneswar, Nagpur, Jaipur and Vizag. You can see this as the slipstream that feeds the telecom services world, which of course it also is. Young men and women in these cities have given multiple fractures to any global idea of an Indian accent. And, in the process, they have strengthened the idea of India.
Speedy Urbanization
One of the reasons to be taken into account is India's speedy urbanization. A 2011 study, using the temporal satellite data and the latest census results by The Energy and Resources Institute India (TERI), says this country is riding the fastest urbanization process in the world with 12 cities expected to cross the 2.5-million mark by 2015.
Urbanisation's primary propeller is the opportunity to get a job and earn a living. But for refugees from oppression, the urban sprawl is also a warren of hope.
The romantic belief that citylights seduce rural folk with false hope is plain wrong. To a lot of individuals from smaller places — and not necessarily rural dalits, social outcasts and many such fugitives from a powerful majority consensus — the poverty and decrepitude of urban slums hold the one opportunity that rural poverty does not; it gives every sucker an even chance.
It is something that every country in our neck of the woods has been responding to. A 2012 World Bank report said south Asia as a whole was urbanizing at the speed of thought, despite vastly varying degrees of economic inequity.
"Pakistan is already 36% urban, India 31.16%, Bangladesh 30%, and even Nepal — south Asia's least urbanised country with a 20% share — is having to contend with a 5% annual urban population growth."
Political Shakeout
Maharashtra is the third most urbanized big state in India after Tamil Nadu and Kerala. As per the 2011 Census, 5.08 crore people in the state live in urban areas. Haryana's industries and proximity to New Delhi have made malls and cineplexes ubiquitous in the state.
It is these two states that are at the forefront of the Modi wave's residual effects. And both states have thrown up BJP-led governments. The BJP's aggressive canvassing has extended the Modi magic of last summer's Lok Sabha polls and achieved a political shakeout in these states. In that sense, the consolidation is based on a massive support for speedy development and the anger against the earlier government's seeming sloth.
However, there are smaller trends that may have not received due attention. And these trends show a decisive shift towards a market-set political value for politicians, parties and even social causes. In the notoriously cast-ridden Haryana, where the BJP is not as widespread as in Maharashtra, the saffronnites put up 25 Jat candidates. Jats have dominated Haryana politics for years. Only seven of the BJP's 47 MLAs are Jats.
Maharashtra's election was split wide open when the two primary political alliances parted on the eve of the polls. In the five-cornered elections, BJP emerged as the single largest party, but the election also confirmed the state's more varied political landscape. The incumbent Congress-NCP alliance retained a fair number of seats, but again some traditional calculations failed.
With the opening up of the political space, the Hyderabad-based Islamic party the Majlis-e-Ittehad-ul Muslimeen ( MIM ) opened its account in the state with two seats out of the 24 it contested. Openly seeking only Muslim votes, the MIM's success suggests that it has thrown up a more transparent political counter to Hindu chauvinism. And reaped its reward.
If that is disheartening for those afraid of the rise of chauvinism and divisive politics, perhaps it bodes well that the party came a cropper in the three Muslim-dominated hotbeds of communal riots: Bhiwandi, Malegaon and Mumbra. These minor trends seem to indicate that Indian politics might decouple from the ideological alliance of the previous generation of voters.
Also, for a country set to be the world's youngest by 2020 with a median age of 29, when the Chinese median age would be 37, this demographic dividend would make India the biggest consumer market. And it bodes well that Indian voters are consuming their politics like they do their watches, shoes and bikes.
(The writer, a former journalist, now travels and writes)
FEATURED ARTICLES

MONEY MONEY MONEY DIWALI SPECIALDhoni is defenitly a genius in...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 12:15      Category: Rei Agro
   37 comments
Media Report is your technical...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 10:58      Category: SpiceJet
Advances & Declines

How new chief economic advisor is well positioned to guide IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > India
Arvind Subramanian well positioned to guide India as it moves into world leadership positions
Oct 26, 2014, 03.17AM IST
Tags:
(The new CEA can be counted…)
By: C Fred Bergsten
A top economic policymaker in any government must meet three tests. She or he must be able to conceptualize the problems that the country faces. She or he must be able to devise solutions to them that are both effective and practical. And she or he must be able to articulate those strategies clearly, inside the government and publicly, and persuade the many relevant players to support them.
On all these counts, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made an inspired choice by picking Arvind Subramanian to become Chief Economic Adviser (CEA) to the Government of India.
As a close colleague and friend of Subramanian for the past seven years at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, I can personally attest to his superior talents in all of the arenas that will be critical to his own success and, much more importantly, to that of his country and of the Modi administration.
Subramanian is a superb conceptualizer and creator of innovative policy proposals. In fact, he will have many more ideas that his (or any) government can pursue even over the course of an extended period in office.
Development Economist
The breadth of his expertise, as demonstrated by the dazzling array of his publications over his stay at the Peterson Institute, is exceptional: macroeconomics, development, finance, trade, the environment and many others.
For example, he has proposed creative responses to such key issues facing the new government as its treatment of intellectual property rights and its defence of food security for the Indian population in the context of the World Trade Organization debate, fully defending Indian interests but with tactical shifts from the previous government that would be much more likely to succeed.
Some observers have in fact suggested that Subramanian has too many interests to focus on those of greatest importance to India at this point in time.
But the president of the Center for Global Development in Washington, Nancy Birdsall, where he has also been a Senior Fellow, has rightly observed that he "is a development economist at heart."
He has been leading the "Understanding India" initiative at the Center and his greatest intellectual ambition is to write the definitive study on development.
There is no reason to doubt that he will be a source of thoughtful proposals to address the priority concerns of India, whose greatness and huge potential is deeply rooted within him, both today and for the foreseeable future.
Moreover, India will soon be the world's most populous country and third largest economy and it can only benefit by drawing on such a top global economist.
  Subramanian also has exceptional talent in conveying his ideas clearly and forcefully. His written work ranges from lengthy books to refereed articles in scholarly journals to short policy briefs to opeds in most of the world's leading newspapers, especially in India. He has been a widely sought-after speaker around the globe.
His sophistication on the politics of economic issues — both domestic and international — will help him greatly in selling his own ideas and those of his government. I hope that his new environment will deploy him as extensively as possible to help bring its message to the widest possible audience. There are important personal characteristics that will reinforce Subramanian's substantive knowledge and skills.
Perhaps, the most salient is intellectual integrity, a commitment to advance one's ideas firmly and forcefully in seeking to persuade the country's leadership to adopt new courses of action that may at first glance seem too difficult conceptually or, especially, politically.
This will be reinforced by his enormous energy and tenacity, as demonstrated repeatedly by his persistence in championing ideas that may be too new or controversial to win immediate support.
The new CEA can be counted on to "stick to his guns" in pursuit of important and especially fresh ideas even in the face of entrenched and powerful resistance. The Prime Minister and the Minister of Finance, and the people of India, will be well served by an adviser with this rare combination of integrity and energy.
Attuned to India
The unquestioned integrity of Subramanian has been on display with his willingness, along with his strong support for the Modi government from its outset, to publicly question a couple of its early policies.
In these cases, notably the initial budget and the WTO debate, he has, in fact, proposed constructive alternatives that would fully promote the interests of both India as a whole and the new government.
I understand from afar that concern was expressed that Subramanian had spent a long time outside India and thus is not sufficiently familiar with the country's problems and political realities.

PM Modi inaugurates Sir HN Reliance Foundation HospitalPM Modi inaugurates Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital
CNBC TALKS TO SATYA NADELLADhoni is defenitly a genius in...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 12:15      Category: Rei Agro
   37 comments
Media Report is your technical...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 10:58      Category: SpiceJet
Advances & Declines

Welcome goodbye to formalitiesWelcome goodbye to formalities
A long-expected battleA long-expected battle
PM Modi appreciates Tharoor s joining Clean India campaignOct 25, 2014 at 10:05pm IST
PM Modi appreciates Tharoor's joining Clean India campaign
33
1
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday appreciated Congress MP Shashi Tharoor for actively participating in 'Swachh Bharat' campaign, saying his effort is "very encouraging".
"A great effort by @ShashiTharoor! His active participation in Swachh Bharat Mission is very encouraging," Modi tweeted.
He also re-tweeted the photographs showing Tharoor leading a group of people in clearing garbage at one place in Vizhinjam in Kerala.
"A great effort by @ShashiTharoor! His active participation in Swachh Bharat Mission is very encouraging," Modi tweeted.
#narendra modi #sashi tharoor #clean india campaign #swachch bharat abhiyaan
Tharoor, who was removed from the post of spokesman by his party for praising Modi, defended his active participation in the cleanliness drive, saying "this is not the prerogative of any political party and the message of keeping one's surroundings clean was first given by Mahatma Gandhi."
He has said no political meaning should be read into it. "Gandhi had said sanitation was more important than independence. But for Gandhi, cleanliness of body and mind was equally important, which meant that ridding the heart of hatred and violence was also important," Tharoor said when asked whether his action would be dubbed as violation of party's warning.
3

UP lowest among traditional BIMARU states in 9-yr growthE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Centre okays defence projects worth Rs. 80 000 crCentre okays defence projects worth Rs. 80,000 cr
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 25, 2014
First Published: 18:29 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:29 IST(26/10/2014)
Comments
India has picked Israel over the US to supply anti-tank guided missiles as the government Saturday cleared projects worth Rs. 80,000 crore to modernise ageing military hardware and boost domestic industry.
The defence acquisition council (DAC) gave its go-ahead to Israeli’s Spike, knocking the American Javelin missile out of competition. Israel will supply 321 launchers and 8,356 missiles, with the rest of the army’s requirements being met through home production under transfer of technology. The order is worth Rs. 3,200 crore.
The government has been pushing for greater indigenisation of the military industry as India imports around 70% of its defence hardware, with the US recently overtaking Russia as its biggest arms supplier. The government has also raised to 49% the cap on foreign investment to speed up modernisation of the military.
Spike is a man-portable “fire and forget” anti-tank missile that locks on to targets before shooting. It is produced by Israel’s Rafael Advanced Defence Systems.
The DAC, headed by defence minister Arun Jaitley, also set the ball rolling to scale up the undersea capabilities of the navy. The council cleared a Rs. 50,000-crore project for six next-generation submarines to be built in India in collaboration with a foreign partner. The decision is in line with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s “Make in India” campaign.
The new submarines will be capable of recharging batteries without having to surface for more than three weeks.
They will also have land-attack missile capability. Initially, the plan was to directly import two submarines and manufacture the remaining four in India.
The defence ministry would form a panel that would examine the capabilities of both public and private shipyards over the next six to eight weeks, a source in the defence ministry said. The ministry will then issue a request for proposals to a specific yard.
French, Russian, German and Spanish firms are interested in partnering with India for the project.
Purchase of 12 Dornier aircraft for the navy at a cost of Rs. 1,850 crore and 362 infantry combat vehicles for R662 crore were also cleared by the DAC in its meeting, third after the Modi government took over in May.

5-phase elections in Jharkhand  J-K announced; counting on December 23Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand will be held in five phases between November 25 and December 20, it was announced on Saturday. Votes will be counted on December 23.
 
Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir will vote on November 25, December 2, December 9, December 14 and December 20, Chief Election Commissioner VS Sampath said at a press conference in New Delhi. By-elections to three Delhi assembly constituencies--which fell vacant after BJP legislators got elected to Lok Sabha--would also be held on November 25.
 
The BJP has high stakes in these polls: it hopes to form a majority government in Jharkhand, emerge as a strong player in J-K and retain all three assembly seats of Delhi that would keep the hope of government formation in the national capital alive.    
 
The Congress is hard pressed to retain Jharkhand and J-K after losing Maharashtra and Haryana to the Narendra Modi-led BJP. Its alliance with the National Conference (NC) in J-K broke up ahead of the elections and there is no clarity on whether it will go along with the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) in the tribal state. Losses in J-K and Jharkhand would mean further marginalisation for India's grand old party, barely months after it was reduced to just 44 seats in the Lok Sabha.
 
Flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir
 
The ruling NC heads into the polls reluctantly, having asked for a deferment owing to floods that devastated the state.
 
The opposition Peoples Democratic Party would believe time is ripe to oust the NC. The BJP too would rate its chances bright, particularly after a strong showing in the parliamentary polls.
 
The PDP and the BJP won three Lok Sabha seats each, blanking out the NC and the Congress.
 
The BJP would be hopeful of a better performance in Jammu and Buddhist-dominated Ladakh, but the Valley must be a priority to achieve the majority mark of 44 in the 87-member assembly.
 
Hobbled by the floods, the NC would also face heat over street agitations, killing of youth, unemployment and even charges of corruption in the state's cricket association as the elections approach.
Read: After floods, J-K to brave cold for polls
 
The hanging of Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru too is expected to cast an emotive shadow on the elections.
 
Turbulent Jharkhand
 
The JMM-led alliance with the Congress and the Rashtriya Janata Dal has been in power for the last one-and-a-half years in Jharkhand, where the BJP must be fancying its chances of regaining power.
 
The BJP has not projected a 'face' in Jharkhand, but it has indicated a non-tribal may become the chief minister if party gets the majority. Every CM in the state has been a tribal.
 
In parliamentary polls earlier this year, the BJP won 12 out of the state's 14 seats. Modi had addressed nine rallies in Jharkhand ahead of the national elections and the state party unit, which has tasted power intermittently, would be hoping for an encore.
 
The BJP's performance in the Lok Sabha elections, computed across the state's 81 assembly seats, shows an impressive lead in 56 (70%) out of 81 seats with second position in 23 seats. Only in the remaining two seats, the party stands third. The majority mark is 41.
 
After 2004 and 2009, this will be the third assembly elections in Jharkhand, which has thrown up fractured mandates and seen political instability under coalition rules since its creation in 2000. No party has ever got a majority in the tribal state that has seen nine different governments and President's rule on three occasions.

BJP is now becoming permanently poll-readyBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Career couples freeze family dreamsComments
Simran and Ankur*, a Bangalore-based couple, want to have a baby but don’t have the time for it. The two IT professionals have demanding careers and are often travelling on work. Ankur is on a three-month assignment in the United States and as soon as he returns Simran will fly out of the country.
Last Wednesday, 36-year-old Simran got inseminated with her 38-year-old husband’s frozen sperm.
“Their biological clock is ticking and they want to have a child but at the same time don’t want to compromise their careers. Most times they live in different cities making it difficult to have a physical relationship, and nearly impossible when the wife is ovulating,” said Dr Rashmi Yogish, clinical director, Nova IVI fertility, Bangalore.
Apple and Facebook recently offered to cover expenses for egg banking for their employees, in an acknowledgement of the need for women to have both children and high-powered careers. But egg and sperm banking was an alien concept to Indians just a few years ago.
Now, an increasing number of couples are opting for it as they struggle to manage their careers and have children at the same time. Doctors say the number of takers has increased with couples working in different shifts and living in different cities. Yogish says about 30% of couples she sees are in same situation as Simran and Ankur.
“At least 30% of the men whose sperm has been frozen at our clinics are either living in a different city or country as their partner. This makes physical conception impossible,” said Dr Duru Shah, Gynaecworld, a fertility clinic in Mumbai.
Dr Shah recalled a case where a woman conceived while her husband was on an assignment in the UK for three years. “The couple is career-oriented and don’t want to leave their jobs. Also, modern science gives them the option to have a baby together though they are physically apart at the time of conception.”
Though sperm banking has risen by about 20% in fertility clinics, egg banking is still not a popular choice.
Dr Nandita Palshektar who runs multiple fertility clinics in India, said less than 10 women freeze their eggs annually.
“Many of these women have not found their partner or are too busy working and want to postpone child-bearing. Comparatively many men are freezing their sperm to help conception while they are not around,” said Dr Palshetkar.
Doctors said that while such couples may not necessarily have fertility issues, lack of common time is forcing them to use artificial reproduction techniques for conceiving. “We have many couples working in BPOs where they have different shifts and may only meet on weekends.
Freezing sperm for such couples is the best way to aid conception in the man’s absence,” said Dr Shivani Gour, director, ISIS Hospital, New Delhi, that stores frozen sperm of many military personnel and marine engineers.
Dr Gour added that the option of egg freezing has become commercially available only in the last two years. “Earlier it was an experimental procedure and even today we have limited data on Indian women. Also egg freezing is costly and an invasive procedure compared to sperm freezing, and hence not as popular in India.”
(*names of couples changed to protect their identity)

Prohibitory orders clamped after communal clashes in Delhi s Trilokpuri  60 heldCommunal clashes in east Delhi trigger tension
Mohit Sharma , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 25, 2014
First Published: 20:15 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:27 IST(26/10/2014)
Prohibitory orders were clamped in Trilokpuri area in east Delhi as sporadic violence continued unabated for the third day on Saturday.
Policemen patrol a road in Trilokpuri, New Delhi. (Mohd. Zakir/HT Photo)
Over 14 people, including 13 policemen, have been injured. Police said five of those injured sustained bullet injuries. Over 60 people have been arrested. Property worth crores has been damaged, with the mobs torching several shops and vehicles.
The police imposed Section 144 in the area on Saturday and personnel of the anti-riot Rapid Action Force (RAF) were deployed to quell the spiral of violence.
Though nobody was able to point a particular reason that triggered clashes between people of the two communities in block 27 on Thursday on the occasion of Diwali, police said the violence had engulfed major parts of the area, known as a resettlement colony.
After late night clashes on Friday, fresh stone pelting was reported from the area on Saturday morning.
“They threw stones, bottles and anything they could lay their hands on,” said a resident of block 15. Police said some people threw bottles filled with acid used as toilet cleaners, injuring some RAF personnel.
Brick bats are seen at a road in Trilokpuri, a day after a clash between two groups. (PTI Photo)
By afternoon, the police and RAF jawans climbed atop the rooftops to ensure people do not launch attack from vantage points. The area is congested with narrow lanes and bylanes separating one block from the other.
Read: Unabated violence in Trilokpuri triggers exodus, life crippled
The police and RAF personnel took over almost all blocks and were marching the streets in anti-riot gear.  Blocks 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 22, 28 29 were the worst affected by violence, police said.
Police sources said since clashes broke out at regular intervals over three days since Thursday, the police could not concentrate their efforts on restoring peace at one place.
RAF men patrol in Trilokpuri. (PTI Photo)
“We have deployed forces on the building terraces, to avoid make sure that people are not hoarding stones. Check points and pickets have been erected at every nooks and cranny in the colony,” said a senior police officer.“We have the situation under control and are asking the people to maintain peace in the area,” said Ajay Kumar, DCP (East).
After the police controlled the violence that erupted on Thursday, stone pelting was again reported between groups from the two communities on Friday night. The police used mild force and fired tear gas shells to brought the situation under control.
Intelligence Bureau and other agencies are keeping a watch on the situation of the area. Senior police officials are camping in the area and additional force from neighbouring districts have also been deployed in the area.
Read: Did Delhi police ignore alert by home ministry?
Meanwhile, Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee (DPCC) president Arvinder Singh expressed serious concern over the clashes in Trilokpuri and appealed to the people to maintain peace.
The DPCC, in a letter to the Delhi Police Commissioner, has asked him to immediately restore peace and order.
Chief spokesperson of the party Mukesh Sharma said that as the news of the clashes reached them, party leaders spoke to top police officials to get  complete details of the clashes and appealed to the police to provide people security and protection.

BJP plays hardball with Sena over govt formationBJP plays hardball with Sena over govt formation
Dharmendra Jore , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, October 25, 2014
First Published: 18:34 IST(25/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:13 IST(26/10/2014)
A confident BJP on Saturday prepared to form a government on its own in Maharashtra, refusing to accede to the Shiv Sena’s “unreasonable demands” in lieu of its support.
Advertisement
BJP insiders said the party would go ahead with a minority government instead of giving the Sena a big share of cabinet berths and important departments.
BJP, which emerged as the single largest party in the 288-member Assembly with 122 seats, has already been offered outside support by the 41-member NCP. It also has the support of another MLA. With 63 MLAs, the Sena is the second largest party in the house.
The Sena had earlier sought 14 berths but later scaled down its demand to 10. However, the BJP is not willing to give Sena more than 5 berths, the sources added.
The new government is likely to be sworn in at the Wankhede Stadium on October 29.
State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis, who is likely to be the next chief minister, held a meeting with senior leader Vinod Tawde and national joint general secretary V Satish on Saturday ahead  of their meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Mumbai.
They are expected to request Modi to let them go ahead without Sena. Union home minister Rajnath Singh is expected to visit the city on Monday for the electing the legislature party leader.
Amidst the talks of government formation,  senior BJP leader and union transport minister Nitin Gadkari met RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat at the Sangh headquarters at Nagpur on Saturday morning.
Gadkari met Bhagwat a day after Fadnavis had called on the RSS chief.
Though Fadnavis is seen as the front-runner for the CM’s post, over 40 party MLAs from the Vidarbha region are backing Gadkari for the top job.
When asked about the meeting, Gadkari said they discussed many important issues barring Maharashtra politics and the issue of chief ministership.

The spar over split continuesUpdated: October 26, 2014 02:42 IST
The spar over split continues
C. Gouridasan Nair
The Hindu CPI(M) State secretary Pinarayi Vijayan and CPI State secretary Pannian Ravindran at a function in Thiruvananthapuram on Saturday. Photo: S. Gopakumar
CPI, CPI(M) organs further the debate over 1964
The CPI(M) and the CPI appear far from done with the debate over the 1964 split in the Communist Party.
While the CPI sought to reply to the attack on it by the CPI(M) organ Deshabhimani on Thursday with an article in the editorial page of its organ Janayugom on Friday, the CPI(M) kept the debate going with an article by party Polit Bureau member Sitaram Yechuri dealing, among other issues, with the circumstances of the split.
In his article, Mr. Yechuri said that though those who indulge in thoughtless splits would get isolated from the people, conflicts and splits were inevitable if the leadership sought to take the party on the path of class compromise. “In India, total extermination of the Communist Party, as had happened in many countries, had not happened only because of the struggle against revisionism. Thus, the split in the CPI over revisionism and policies of class compromise had helped preserve the revolutionary content of the Communist movement and taken it forward,” he said.
However, writing in Janayugom, CPI leader Binoy Viswam said the inner party debates in the Communist Party fully complied with the Leninist organisational principle of the minority accepting the views of the majority until the Chinese Communist Party came on the scene. Once the Chinese party came in with its ‘divisive philosophy’, everything went topsy-turvy, he said.
Reacting to the CPI(M) accusation that the CPI had committed right deviation by joining hands with the Congress, Mr. Viswam reminded the CPI(M) leadership that their party had supported Indira Gandhi in Parliament when she was faced with threat from the ‘Syndicate’ Congress in 1969.
Referring to the Deshabhimani contention that the CPI(M) had fared better in the Assembly election held immediately after the 1964 split, he said, it should be remembered that the CPI(M) had fought the polls in alliance with the Indian Union Muslim League. “If vote alone is the basis for deciding right and wrong, we will have to accept the arguments of the BJP and the Trinamool Congress in West Bengal to be true,” he told his CPI(M) counterparts.

Anti-Occupy mob roughs up three Hong KongjournalistsThree journalists were roughed up in Hong Kong after being confronted by pro-government protesters.
By: Reuters | Hong Kong | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:52 am
Three journalists were roughed up on Saturday evening in Hong Kong after being confronted by pro-government protesters holding a rally to oppose a four-week long “Occupy” movement of the financial hub’s streets by pro-democracy demonstrators.
Hong Kong has been roiled by a tenacious, student-led people’s movement demanding full democracy in the former British colony that returned to Chinese rule in 1997.
But the protracted “Occupy Central” civil disobedience movement has also sparked clashes with police and has come under attack from sometimes hostile groups and sections of society who have condemned the disruptions to traffic and business, including blue-collar workers such as taxi and truck drivers.
In the latest sign of simmering tensions, more than 1,000 “anti-Occupy” supporters gathered to denounce the pro-democracy protesters close to the harbourfront Star Ferry pier.
Many chanted slogans like “Give me back Hong Kong!” and “Clear the streets immediately!” during the evening rally.
While there were not direct clashes between the two camps on this occasion, small groups of protesters, many wearing blue ribbons as a symbol against the yellow ribbon-wearing student activists, directed their ire at journalists on the scene.
During heated exchanges, a cameraman and reporter for the city’s largest free-to-air television station, TVB, were surrounded and harassed by hostile crowds, some of whom pushed them around, tore off the reporter’s tie and snatched off a pair of glasses from the cameraman amid shouting and cursing. The pair eventually had to be escorted from the melee by police officers.
A female reporter for Hong Kong’s public broadcaster, RTHK, Wong Wing-yin, was also kicked on the leg and body by blue ribbon supporters after being pushed to the ground. She was taken to hospital. RTHK and its programme staff union condemned the attack, while a spokesman said the station would take legal action.
Over the past month, leaders of the blue ribbon campaign have openly threatened the largely peaceful pro-democracy protesters with violence, leading in some cases to the forceful clearance of road barricades by angry mobs and street fights in the gritty district of Mong Kok, which has become the scene of some of the ugliest violence between the two sides.
Police say some of anti-Occupy attacks had been co-ordinated and involved triads or local organised criminal gangs.
The pro-democracy occupation movement, which has lasted beyond many people’s expectations despite intense government, police and public pressure, was sparked by Beijing’s decision in late August to rule out free elections for Hong Kong’s next leader in 2017, insisting instead that candidates be screened by a committee stacked with Beijing loyalists.
The turmoil presents the Chinese leadership with one of its biggest political challenges since it crushed pro-democracy protests in and around Tiananmen Square in 1989.
Hong Kong’s leader, Leung Chun-ying, reiterated over the weekend that he would not resign after local business leader and politician James Tien continued…

How Pistorius tried to get away with murder ...How Oscar Pistorius used his handicap as a crutch against murder sentence
26 Oct, 2014, 04.51AM IST
0
Share More
READ MORE ON » Sunday ET | Samantha Taylor | Reeva Steenkamp | Oscar Pistorius | International Paralympic Committee | Blade Runner
Pistorius knows he’s been a bad boy, but prison, a real prison bars and all? Jailed exactly a month before his 28th birthday for five years, he, his family and lawyers protest about him being a sitting duck, literally and metaphorically, in a place filled with hard-core criminals
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
by Shinie Antony
Overnight, Oscar Pistorius went from an athlete of global fame to qaidi number something. Yes, he shot his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp , last year on what just happened to be Valentine's Day, but it was a misunderstanding, okay? The double-amputee South African sprinter thought she was next to him fast asleep, but didn't wait to check or call out, no whisper-whisper, nudge-nudge to the other person occupying the bed, and he doesn't have legs in the first place but had too much money at last count and the gun kind of went off, oops, not once, but four times. Bang bang bang bang.
Pistorius knows he's been a bad boy, but prison, a real prison bars and all? Jailed exactly a month before his 28th birthday for five years, he, his family and lawyers protest about him being a sitting duck, literally and metaphorically, in a place filled with hard-core criminals. They fear he will be killed, sodomised, gang-raped or contract AIDS — not in that order.
A photogenic model and a sports hero, both under 30 — the stuff of fairy tale front-page headlines. A crime of passion, the world decided, typing up a storm, with gory pictures to boot. In a world where two-legged men routinely bash up their girlfriends, it is thinkable that a man without legs could whip out a gun in a jealous haze.

Data migration from China has nothing to do with IAF alert: Xiaomi India head Manu JainData migration from China has nothing to do with IAF alert: Xiaomi India head Manu Jain
Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 26 2014, 02:21  IST
Oct 26 2014, 02:21  IST
 

Minister Nitin Gadkari turns law breaker on ride to RSS HQE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Akhilesh Yadav sacks 82 chairmen  advisors of state minister rankE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Narendra Modi wants  Make in India    Digital India  as healthcare improving toolsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sentiment  in BJP against forming coalition govt with Shiv SenaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Five-phase poll too exhaustive  say Jharkhand partiesPress Trust of India | Oct 25, 2014 at 10:20pm IST
Ranchi: Main political parties on Saturday welcomed the Election Commission's announcement of Assembly polls for Jharkhand, but termed the five-phase election as too exhaustive.
"We expected a three-phase polling, because Lok Sabha elections in May had passed off peacefully. Five-phase election is a long drawn affair, which takes almost two months," BJP spokesman Ajay Maroo said.
"Last time, Jammu & Kashmir had seven-phase elections, and the EC reduced it to five-phase this time. It could have also reduced Jharkhand's phases," Maroo said.
Officially, 18 out of 24 districts of the state are naxal-hit while Dumka and Pakur districts reported major Maoist incidents.
JMM General Secretary Suprio Bhattacharya said, "We had informed the EC that a regional party can't sustain a long drawn campaign due to limited resources."
"Now that poll dates have been announced, we welcome it. Moreover, security matters are of prime importance," Bhattacharya said, indicating the Maoist problem in the state. Jharkhand PCC General Secretary Sailesh Sinha echoed Bhattacharya's statement saying the Congress was prepared for it.
Former union minister and senior Congress leader Subodh Kant Sahay said, "Jharkhand is a naxal-affected state and movement of security forces requires time."
However, RJD leader and Jharkhand Water Resources Minister Annapurna Devi expressed displeasure over the long drawn electoral battle for just 81 seats.
"Only two states are going to polls, and forces should not be a problem. One-phase elections would have been better," he said.
There had been a three-phase election in 2005 and five-phase in 2009.
Officially, 18 out of 24 districts of the state are naxal-hit while Dumka and Pakur districts reported major Maoist incidents.
Dumka SP Amarjeet Balihar was killed last year while several policemen and polling officials were killed or injured during the May Lok Sabha elections.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Burdwan blast: BJP blames Mamata Banerjee government  says CM should immediately resignNews360: Terrorists target 4 towns in Kashmir, 21 killed
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

UP government sacks 72 chairmen  advisors of state minister rankOct 25, 2014 at 11:06pm IST
UP government sacks 72 chairmen, advisors of state minister rank
9
0
Lucknow: Seventy-two chairmen and advisors of different organisations and institutions enjoying minister of state rank in Uttar Pradesh were today sacked by Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav with immediate effect, an official spokesman here said.
The chief minister has sacked 72 chairmen and advisors of different organisations and institutions with immediate effect, he said.
Earlier the spokesman said that 82 chairmen and advisors have been sacked but later ten of them were exempted from it. The chairman of Hindi Bhasha Sansthan, Gopal Das Neeraj, chairman of UP Hindi Sansthan UP Singh and deputy chairman of UP Planning Commission NC Bajpai would however continue on their posts, the spokesman said, adding that these three having constitutional posts enjoy the status of cabinet minister.
The chief minister has sacked 72 chairmen and advisors of different organisations and institutions with immediate effect.
#akhilesh yadav #sp #suspension
Those who have managed to safeguard their positions include chairmen of Hindustani Akakemi Allahabad, UP Agro, UP Pollution Control Board, advisor vocational education department, chairmen ex-servicemen welfare corporation, Urdu Academy, the spokesman said.
Head of SC/SC commission, women commission, backward commission and minority commission have also been exempted. The move comes, ostensibly in the wake of an incident of alleged misbehaviour by father of chairman of the Centre for Remote Sensing with policemen in Baghpat on Wednesday.
The father of the chairman, had allegedly threatened a sub-inspector and two constables who had gone to Mavikala village under Balauni police station area on Wednesday of stripping them of their uniforms, when they had gone there to arrest some people in a case.
The matter later came up in local media, as a villager had recorded the incident on his mobile phone.
Meanwhile, BJP has welcomed the government's decision saying that they (those sacked) had been "misusing government machinery" and asked the government to tell the people about what contribution they had made for the welfare of their respective organisations and people.
State unit spokesman of the BJP, Manoj Misra demanded an inquiry into the works done by those sacked.
1

Congress morale low  Sonia and Rahul must speak more  says ChidambaramPrint
Former Union minister P Chidambaram (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 24, 2014 8:18 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 1:04 am
Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Friday said the Congress morale was “pretty low” at the moment and that both party president Sonia Gandhi and vice-president Rahul Gandhi needed to “speak more”. They should show the “urgency” to reorganise the party and lead the Congress to play the role of the “true opposition”, Chidambaram told NDTV news channel. He also agreed a non-Gandhi could lead the party “some day”.
On the land deal between Sonia’s son-in-law Robert Vadra and real estate firm DLF in Haryana, he said, “I don’t know the facts. Whether they (the Haryana government) were helping him or whether they were taking a routine decision, I don’t know the facts. So how can I comment on that.”
“Without knowing the facts, I don’t think it is fair to comment on any particular transaction. Unless I have the papers in front of me, unless I have the facts in front of me, I can’t comment on any transaction,” he said. Asked if he was distancing himself from the issue, he said, “If I am obliged to comment, if I am authorised to comment, I will, provided I have before me the fact and the papers.”
Asked whether the Vadra issue created a perception problem for the Congress, he said, “May be it did. I don’t know.” Asked whether the party handled it effectively, he said, “I don’t know. May be it did, but these are questions which must be answered by people who were there in the field in Haryana, people who were contesting elections. I don’t know.”
Chidambaram said he was concerned about the lack of visibility of Sonia and Rahul Gandhi. “I would urge the Congress president and the Congress vice-president to speak more. I would urge them to come and address more rallies, I would urge them to meet the media. I would urge them to do that,” he said.
He said Sonia continues to be “the most acceptable leader of his generation” and Rahul has wide acceptance among the younger members of the party. Asked whether a non-Gandhi could become the Congress president, he said, “I think so. Some day, yes.”
He agreed that the Congress morale was pretty low but said it can be lifted. “I agree that the Congress morale is pretty low. But I don’t agree that the morale cannot be lifted, that a direction cannot be given… It’s a matter of time, more accurately a matter of timing. I am sure that the Congress leadership has its own timetable. I would urge again that the timetable be shortened and get on with the job of reorganising the party and getting on with the job of being true opposition.” Asked whether he felt the Congress leadership need to respond with a little more urgency, he said, “I think so.”
“I have, not only I, others have urged that the reorganisation that was promised in continued…

Canada PM Stephen Harper hid in a closet during attack: reportsBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Was more keen on rehabilitating flood victims: Omar Abdullah on pollsPrint
Omar said the verdict of the people was the only thing that mattered and the rest was "noise". (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: October 25, 2014 7:39 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 7:47 pm
As Election Commission announced the poll schedule for Jammu and Kashmir on Saturday, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said ruling National Conference was more keen on rehabilitating the flood-affected people before “anyone else’s political rehabilitation”.
It is now for the people to decide whether my efforts were good enough & their verdict is the only thing that matters, the rest is noise 3/n
— Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) October 25, 2014
“The announcement of elections in J&K effectively brings the curtain down on my first term as CM now that the MCC applies in the state. It has been an honour & a privilege to work for the people of my state. Through this term, I have done my best to serve the people of J&K,” Omar wrote on micro-blogging site Twitter.
“While NC was keen to rehabilitate the flood-affected people before anyone else’s political rehabilitation, the EC felt differently,” he said in another tweet.
“Now with election dates announced, there is no question of not contesting the forthcoming polls. We will put our best foot forward,” he said.
The Election Commission announced a five-phase election to the state assembly beginning, November 25.
Omar said the verdict of the people was the only thing that mattered and the rest was “noise”.
“It is now for the people to decide whether my efforts were good enough & their verdict is the only thing that matters, the rest is noise,” he said.
He said his party would work to “expose parties like PDP who have made it their stated mission to capitalise on the post flood misery of the people.”

Transport minister Nitin Gadkari courts controversy by riding scooter without helmetBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Three more women tortured in Assam for allegedly practicing witchcraftPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 25, 2014 8:55 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 9:13 pm
Ten days after a woman athlete was dubbed as a witch and subjected to physical torture in Karbi Anglong district, central Assam,  three more women have been targeted under similar charges in Tinsukia district in upper Assam.
The three women, Mala Bhumij, Ratani Kond and Gangi Orang, were beaten up and physically tortured by several men and women until police reached the spot and rescued them. The incident happened in Koomsong, a 720-hectare tea estate owned by McLeod Russel, whose website says it is the largest tea producer in the world.
While the incident took place yesterday, the police have not been able to arrest the main culprit, a local “bez” (faith-healer) called Santosh, with SP Akhilesh Kumar Singh saying he was absconding.
“A local bez on failing to cure a sick 14-year old boy put the blame on witchcraft and pointed at three women living close by following which the neighbours turned violent and severely beat up the three women. Luckily we intervened on time and saved the women from being lynched,” SP Singh told The Indian Express on Saturday.
A case was registered against the “bez”, but police have not been able to trace him despite raids in several houses. The 14-year boy, whom the police had shifted to the Assam Medical Hospital in Dibrugarh, died on Saturday. He was suffering from acute liver cirrhosis.
“The three women, who were initially moved to the local police station, have been shifted to an undisclosed location after an angry crowd blocked the highway demanding that the three women be handed over to them,” SP Singh said. The police had to resort to lathicharge to disperse the mob and clear the highway.
Tinsukia deputy commissioner Puru Gupta said this incident of targeting innocent persons in the name of witchcraft happened despite a series of campaigns carried out under “Mission Birubala” by well-known social reformer Birubala Rabha, who was a survivor of such an attack several years ago.
It was only on October 15 that Debajani Bora, a well-known veteran athlete and winner of several national and international level medals, was tortured by a group of men and women inside a naam-ghar (community prayer hall) at Dokmoka in Karbi Anglong after a local priest “identified” her as a witch who had allegedly spread diseases and misfortune among the local people.
While a group of men tied Bora with a fishing net, video clippings taken by some persons on the mobile phone showed the priest, one Biswa Medhi, sitting on the woman and beating her up. At least ten persons including eight women, have been already arrested in connection with the incident.

Unusual praise for ModiUnusual praise for Modi
5-phase polls in Jharkhand  J-K from Nov 25-Dec 20Assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand will be held in five phases between November 25 and December 20, it was announced on Saturday. Votes will be counted on December 23.
 
Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir will vote on November 25, December 2, December 9, December 14 and December 20, Chief Election Commissioner VS Sampath said at a press conference in New Delhi. By-elections to three Delhi assembly constituencies--which fell vacant after BJP legislators got elected to Lok Sabha--would also be held on November 25.
 
The BJP has high stakes in these polls: it hopes to form a majority government in Jharkhand, emerge as a strong player in J-K and retain all three assembly seats of Delhi that would keep the hope of government formation in the national capital alive.    
 
The Congress is hard pressed to retain Jharkhand and J-K after losing Maharashtra and Haryana to the Narendra Modi-led BJP. Its alliance with the National Conference (NC) in J-K broke up ahead of the elections and there is no clarity on whether it will go along with the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) in the tribal state. Losses in J-K and Jharkhand would mean further marginalisation for India's grand old party, barely months after it was reduced to just 44 seats in the Lok Sabha.
 
Flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir
 
The ruling NC heads into the polls reluctantly, having asked for a deferment owing to floods that devastated the state.
 
The opposition Peoples Democratic Party would believe time is ripe to oust the NC. The BJP too would rate its chances bright, particularly after a strong showing in the parliamentary polls.
 
The PDP and the BJP won three Lok Sabha seats each, blanking out the NC and the Congress.
 
The BJP would be hopeful of a better performance in Jammu and Buddhist-dominated Ladakh, but the Valley must be a priority to achieve the majority mark of 44 in the 87-member assembly.
 
Hobbled by the floods, the NC would also face heat over street agitations, killing of youth, unemployment and even charges of corruption in the state's cricket association as the elections approach.
Read: After floods, J-K to brave cold for polls
 
The hanging of Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru too is expected to cast an emotive shadow on the elections.
 
Turbulent Jharkhand
 
The JMM-led alliance with the Congress and the Rashtriya Janata Dal has been in power for the last one-and-a-half years in Jharkhand, where the BJP must be fancying its chances of regaining power.
 
The BJP has not projected a 'face' in Jharkhand, but it has indicated a non-tribal may become the chief minister if party gets the majority. Every CM in the state has been a tribal.
 
In parliamentary polls earlier this year, the BJP won 12 out of the state's 14 seats. Modi had addressed nine rallies in Jharkhand ahead of the national elections and the state party unit, which has tasted power intermittently, would be hoping for an encore.
 
The BJP's performance in the Lok Sabha elections, computed across the state's 81 assembly seats, shows an impressive lead in 56 (70%) out of 81 seats with second position in 23 seats. Only in the remaining two seats, the party stands third. The majority mark is 41.
 
After 2004 and 2009, this will be the third assembly elections in Jharkhand, which has thrown up fractured mandates and seen political instability under coalition rules since its creation in 2000. No party has ever got a majority in the tribal state that has seen nine different governments and President's rule on three occasions.

J&K  Jharkhand assembly polls to begin on November 25J&K, Jharkhand assembly polls to begin on November 25
Ashwini Phadnis
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 25:  
Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand will go to polls over five phases starting on November 25 to elect their new legislative assemblies, the Election Commission announced on Saturday.
Announcing the election schedule, V.S. Sampath, Chief Election Commissioner said polling in the two states will take place on November 25, December 2, 9, 14 and 20. Besides, three assembly constituencies in Delhi will also go to polls during the first phase of polls in J&K and Jharkhand, Sampath said.
Counting of votes in the two states and for the three assembly seats in Delhi will be done on December 23, the CEC said. The Commission said that the Model Code of Conduct comes into immediate effect. Among other things, the Model Code of Conduct prevents the government in a state going to the polls from making any announcements of new projects, programmes, concessions, financial grants in any form, laying of foundation stones which have the effect of influencing voters in favour of the party in power. Even the Central Government cannot announce key policy decisions which will have implications for the states going to the polls.
The tenure of the Jharkhand assembly expires on January 3 next year while that of the J&K assembly expires on January 19 next year, Sampath said.
There are 81 assembly constituencies in Jharkhand while there are 87 assembly constituencies in J&K. The total electorate in Jharkhand stands at 2.07 crore while there are 72.25 lakh electors in J&K.
Answering questions from the media, Sampath said that the decision to hold polls in J&K was taken as most political parties were in favour of holding elections on time. ``There is no justification to postpone,” the Chief Election Commissioner said.
Sampath added that the floods which have affected the state are unlikely to have an adverse impact on polling. Pointing out that it is difficult to guess polling percentages in a state like J&K, Sampath said that the floods will not have any special impact on polling.
The Chief Election Commissioner said that inquiries made especially about infrastructure where polling stations will be set up for conducting polls in J&K showed that alternate arrangements had been made in places where these had had been affected by the floods.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

Daughter Of Lesbian Houston Mayor Couldn t Get Driver s License Because She Has 2 Moms [UPDATE]Houston Mayor: Texas Wouldn't Give My Daughter A Driver's License Because She Has 2 Moms [UPDATE]
Posted:
Updated:
10/24/2014  5:59 pm EDT
Houston Mayor Annise Parker (D), right and her long-time partner, First Lady Kathy Hubbard, celebrate at their wedding on Jan 16, 1014 in Palm Springs, Calif. (AP Photo/Houston Office of The Mayor, Richard Hartog) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Houston Mayor Annise Parker (D) announced Thursday that the Texas Department of Public Safety had barred her daughter from taking a driving test because the daughter has two moms. Parker, who is the first openly gay mayor of a major U.S. city, wed her longtime partner in January .
Parker took to Twitter late Thursday to express her frustration.
Daughter needs drivers test. Has all docs, some in MomA name, some MomK, but w/ birth cert showing both. DPS says can only be from 1 mom!-A
— Annise Parker (@AnniseParker) October 24, 2014
DPS didn't return a request for comment, and Parker's communications director was unable to provide more information since the mayor was out of town for a speech. But around midday Friday, Parker tweeted that the situation had been resolved, though it took three trips to get the documentation approved.
Finally! After 3rd trip to DPS w/ different sets of docs in an unnecessary paper chase, last child has her drivers license.-A
— Annise Parker (@AnniseParker) October 24, 2014
The agency also came under fire earlier this year for denying a lesbian a driver's license. Connie Wilson took her spouse's name after they wed in California. But when Wilson moved to Texas and tried to get a driver's license, DPS refused to accept her marriage certificate as a secondary form of identification. Marriage equality is not legal in Texas, and DPS said Wilson would have to get a court order to receive a license with her new name.
A federal appeals court recently agreed to expedite a case on whether Texas can continue to ban same-sex marriage.
H/T Lone Star Q
UPDATE: 5:15 p.m. -- DPS Press Secretary Tom Vinger took issue with Parker's recollection of events, writing in a statement, "All individuals applying for their first Texas driver license must provide a variety of documents to prove their identity, Social Security Number, U.S. citizenship or lawful presence status, and Texas residency. In this case, the adult applicant did not initially present sufficient documentation to prove residency.  Once she provided the required documentation, she was able to complete the transaction. There is no indication that any delay in the process was related to same-sex marriage."
Want more updates from Amanda? Sign up for her newsletter, Piping Hot Truth.
Enter your email address:

Hindu-Americans ask US to protect Yezidis from Islamic State in IraqE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BJP  not very keen  on forming coalition government with Shiv Sena in MaharashtraOct 25, 2014 at 11:48pm IST
BJP 'not very keen' on forming coalition government with Shiv Sena in Maharashtra
22
0
Mumbai: As back channel talks continued between Shiv Sena and BJP to explore the possibility of a coalition government in Maharashtra, there were strong indications on Saturday that the latter may form a government on its own with NCP's outside support in keeping with the "sentiment" in the party.
"It (a coalition government) seems unlikely. The sentiment in BJP is that they want to go alone," a top party leader said.
"All MLAs and grassroots workers are strictly against forming an alliance with Shiv Sena. There are high chances that BJP will form the government without Shiv Sena," a senior state party leader said.
A senior central BJP leader, however, said the "final call" regarding renewing the alliance will be taken by the top leadership.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bjp #ncp #shiv sena
Many in the party, he said, were still peeved over personal attacks on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and party president Amit Shah by Sena leaders, including its chief Uddhav Thackeray.
A section of BJP leaders, including state party chief Devendra Fadnavis and leader of opposition in the legislative council Vinod Tawde met Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the airport to discuss government formation.
What transpired in the meeting with Modi, who was here for inauguration of a renovated private hospital and research centre, was not known, but the leaders were learnt to have conveyed to the Prime Minister the "negative sentiment" in the party over reviving its alliance with Sena.
A senior central BJP leader, however, said the "final call" regarding renewing the alliance will be taken by the top leadership.
A state BJP leader said the party was not prepared to accept any condition from Sena before the two parties reunite to form government.
"The party is not in favour of accepting any condition from Shiv Sena for forming the government," he said, apparently hinting at haggling by the former ally over ministerial berths and portfolios.
There were reports that Shiv Sena wanted the two parties to follow the 1995 formula under which the then junior partner BJP had got deputy chief ministership, but Sena leaders have denied making any such demands.
Despite Modi being in town, there was no meeting between him and Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
"The Prime Minister came to Mumbai only to inaugurate a hospital. At a time when the PM has come for a social cause, there will be no political talks. Talks will start only from Monday," Shiv Sena MP from Ratnagiri-Sindhudurg Vinayak Raut told reporters after meeting Thackeray at his residence.
Asked if any meeting between the two leaders was scheduled next week, he replied in the negative.
0

Divided Brazil votes for next presidentDivided Brazil votes for next president
Assam: 9 dead  26 injured as a bus falls into a ditchmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Mumbai: Major fire at a military canteen  no reports of casualties12
0
Mumbai: A major fire broke out at a military canteen adjacent to Dockyard Road railway station in South Mumbai. However, no casualty has been reported.
"We got a call around 11:30 pm that a fire has broken out in a closed military canteen adjacent to Dockyard Road station in south Mumbai, following which we sent 6 fire engines to the spot," a Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) official said.
"The fire, that was initially thought to be a Grade 1 fire had to be upgraded to Grade 2. A total of 12 fire tankers and 6 water engines are now at the spot trying to douse the flames," he said.
#mumbai #maharashtra #dockyard road #mumbai fire
Prima facie fire crackers that were being burst in the area seems to be the cause of the fire, the official said. "We can confirm the cause only after an investigation," he said, adding that had the fire broken out during the day time, there could have been major casualties.
Central Railway's Harbour line through which trains pass through Dockyard Road station have been temporarily suspended.
(With inputs from PTI)

Manohar Lal Khattar to be sworn in as Haryana CM at PanchkulaManohar Lal Khattar to be sworn in as Haryana CM at Panchkula
Apparently  We re All A Little Bit Face-istreddit
Seems everyone's a little bit "face-ist," sometimes. That is, we make subtle and essentially irrational judgments about people based on their facial features -- and use these judgments to make important decisions like hiring a new employee, voting for a political candidate, or determining the guilt or innocence of someone accused of a crime.
That's the troubling take-away from a new research paper entitled "Social attributions from faces bias human choices."
"Although we would like to think our judgments and choices are rational, impartial, consistent, and solely based on relevant information, the truth is that they are often biased by superficial and irrelevant factors," Dr. Christopher Olivola, lead author of the paper and a marketing professor at Carnegie Mellon University's Tepper School of Business, said in a written statement. "This is a troubling human tendency that needs to be corrected, or at least mitigated, because faces are not valid predictors of a person's traits ."
(Story continues below.)
Faces generated by data-driven computational models of evaluations of (A) competence, (B) dominance, (C) extroversion, and (D) trustworthiness. The face in the middle column represents an average face in the statistical model. Faces in the right column are above average for each trait, and faces in the left are below average.
Olivola and his colleagues reviewed previous studies in which people were shown faces and asked to judge how competent, dominant, extroverted, or trustworthy they appeared. These studies linked certain appearances to significant social outcomes, indicating that people have a consistent positive bias for some facial features and a consistent negative bias against others independent of age, attractiveness, ethnicity, or gender.
For instance, the research suggests that "trustworthy-looking" people -- those with prominent cheekbones and high eyebrows -- find it easier to get loans. People perceived as untrustworthy -- those with sunken cheeks, furrowed brows, and close-set eyes -- are less likely to receive a loan and more likely to be deemed guilty when accused of a crime.
When it comes to winning elections and getting hired and promoted, research indicates that people with faces judged as competent and dominant tend to come out on top.
It all seems so unfair, but the researchers suggest there's a way to ease these irrational biases.
"When people are knowledgeable and motivated to make good decisions, appearance is less likely to influence their choices," study co-author Dr. Alexander Todorov, a psychology professor at Princeton University, told The Huffington Post in an email. "Informing people about important information for the decision at hand is helpful."
The paper was published online in the journal Trends in Cognitive Sciences on Oct. 21.
Also on HuffPost:

Narendra Modi sings media praises  assures  deeper  tiesNarendra Modi sings media praises  assures  deeper  ties
8 tips to track your financial health this festive season8 tips to track your financial health this festive season
Shahid Charania
Business Line Festival of lights
October 21, 2014:  
We are in that part of the year when festivities take over. Nine days ahead of Navratri incarnations of Goddess Durga are worshipped across India. During this auspicious time many people plan to purchase homes, appliances, cars, etc. Most consumers buy goods by swiping credit cards or availing of EMIs.
In 2013, Indian consumers spent 25 per cent of their monthly salary on Diwali expenses. As per the latest media reports, the Indian e-commerce industry was already seeing a 30 per cent increase on average daily sales with people preparing for the festival season.
Under circumstances, it is critical for shoppers to understand their financial health, define what to purchase and its mode of payment. Hence, between Diwali presents, eating out and visiting family; don’t forget to keep track of your spending over the festive season.
Here are few tips
Stick to a realistic budget
It’s important to have a good understanding of how much you want to spend before heading out to the shops for festive buying. This will help you make smart decisions on your purchases during festival season and avoid any surprises! Make an honest assessment of your financial limits for this festive season.
Plan your gifts in advance
Make sure that you don’t overspend when buying gifts. Allocate an amount you can afford per gift and stick to it. If you want to limit your impulse spending, a list can be a great way to do so. The list will help you quickly identify sale items.
Use your debit or credit card sparingly
There are attractive offers on credit cards during festival time. It is recommended that you use your credit cards prudently and remember to pay-off all the bills on time to avoid any impact on your credit score. A good credit score will enable you to utilize credit on better terms in future
Compare online
It is important to compare prices of goods offered by different sites before ordering online. By comparing prices, you will be able to identify the best deals and help you score on savings. It is advisable to use your debit / credit card cautiously and use only one card during the shopping season to avoid any identity theft.
Plan holidays in advance
Booking travel in advance will enable you save some percent of accommodation and travel tickets expenses. Also, an advance registration for Christmas or New Year parties will ensure that you have the reservation in the right place and that too at a discounted rate.
Check your balance regularly
With all the spending, it is advisable that you keep checking your account balance and credit card spend regularly to avoid surprises. This will ensure that you are spending as per the budget and plan for festive spend.
Access your score
Dusherra - Diwali is a time when many people like to purchase homes. Many consumers buy them on EMIs. Check your credit score / credit history before making this decision. Accessing your credit score before applying for a home loan may actually give you better bargaining power with the lending institution for availing the loan at better terms and conditions.
You can reach out to Equifax or CIBIL if you want to know your credit score. Festive season comes with offers by car dealers / lending institutions to attract buyers. Just like it is advisable to check your credit score / credit history before deciding to purchase a home on loan, it is advisable to refer your credit standing when going in for a car purchase on loan.
Planning for year ahead
Don’t let the festive season stop you from planning ahead for your other goals. Plan for the year to come and its associated expenses. Prudent planning clubbed with cautious use of credit will ensure a bright financial health this festive season.
(The author is Managing Director, Emerging Markets at Equifax)
(This article was published on October 21, 2014)
Related

Indian IT firms expected to be more acquisitive going forward: Peter Bendor-SamuelIndian IT firms expected to be more acquisitive going forward: Peter Bendor-Samuel
Bibhu Ranjan Mishra |  Oct 25, 2014 10:49 PM IST
Peter Bendor-Samuel, founder and chief executive of management consulting and advisory firm Everest Group, has been watching the Indian outsourcing industry closely. In an interview with Bibhu Ranjan Mishra, he talks about how Indian technology firms have reached a level of maturity when they are expected to be more acquisitive. Edited excerpts:
Cognizant has shown rare aggression by acquiring US-based healthcare solutions provider TriZetto for $2.7 billion. What does it mean for Indian infotech services companies?
It (Cognizant’s acquisition of TriZetto) is really going to change the competitive dynamics. But there is no doubt that companies like Infosys and TCS can do it because they have great balance sheets to do these kinds of things. My guess is they will (do it). This is time for the industry to consolidate and this is an appropriate time for Indian heritage firms to step up their inorganic growth pursuits.
Are you seeing any change in the way these companies operate now as compared to a few years ago?
Clearly, the Indian infotech services majors are a matured lot. They have much more seasoned leadership. Look at TCS, it has a matured leadership team, very strategic in operation. No one else at the moment has that kind of capability. The next step for it is to be acquisitive.
How has TCS managed to get ahead of the rest?
From the early days TCS took a customer-centric view. TCS thought about value to clients whereas Infosys continued to focus on maintaining high margins. So TCS was more forward looking and more consistent in its approach. I think Infosys struggled with that. It (Infosys) was too focused on growth and profits, and customers did not agree.
But TCS has industry leading profit margins...
That’s true. But just think how they are doing it? From the very beginning, Infosys was focused on making a margin play, whereas TCS became a low-cost producer. It (TCS) drove huge investments in the labour pyramid to make it flatter and more efficient. It invested more in automation and productivity tools. The other aspect is scale helps in this business. So TCS was able to benefit from the scale advantage. It is particularly important in two aspects. It was able to get a large wallet share while it was able to price lower than Infosys.
With Vishal Sikka at the helm, people say Infosys is going to make a much bigger product play now. Your view?
I think it is unlikely to do so at this stage. It (Infosys) has to do significant intellectual property acquisition. Infosys has a huge capacity to do that. It has a great balance sheet and the right structure. It has a separate organisation that can run differently for products. Putting the investment to the product side makes a lot of sense. That will be a very attractive strategy to look for.
What key changes you are seeing at Infosys?
I think his (Sikka’s) next step will be to get talent. It is not that Infosys does not have enough of talent inside, but more to drive the kind of changes he wants. I would encourage him to bring in non-Indian talent. Infosys is very Indian-centric now.
What are your view about Wipro and HCL Technologies?
Wipro has become a much aggressive company led by T K Kurien. Wipro is competing in multi-tower transactions in domains which used to be the focus of companies like IBM and Accenture earlier. So it is seeing a lot of momentum. As far as HCL is concerned, while it is focused on infrastructure services, it needs to strengthen its applications and BPO offerings.
Beyond these four companies, does any other company come to mind that can be a challenger in infotech services?
You should keep an eye on Virtusa. It is very aggressive, very strong in digital; it is quite well positioned to take advantage of new technologies. It is growing very fast. So is Syntel, backed by an aggressive management team. Syntel’s success lies in its ability in turning key accounts to very large accounts. Then there are companies like Mindtree, but I think it will have to figure out how to differentiate in a market where scale matters.

Monarch Group sale saves 2 500 jobsMonarch Group sale saves 2,500 jobs
Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/18502e6c-5bca-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nissan to recall 9000 units of Micra  Sunny in IndiaOct 25, 2014, 02.21 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Nissan to recall 9000 units of Micra, Sunny in India
The recall will cover cars manufactured between 2008 to 2012 that use safety airbags made by its supplier Takata.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nissan to recall 9000 units of Micra, Sunny in India
The recall will cover cars manufactured between 2008 to 2012 that use safety airbags made by its supplier Takata.
Post your opinion here
 
Japanese auto major Nissan is recalling 9,000 units of its compact car Micra and mid-sized sedan Sunny in India to replace defective airbags as part of a global recall.
 
The recall will cover cars manufactured between 2008 to 2012 that use safety airbags made by its supplier Takata.
"Nissan plans to begin notifying customers soon. Nissan dealers will replace the driver airbag inflator with a correctly manufactured part at no cost to the customers for parts or labour," a Nissan India spokesperson said.
The global recall of 2,60,000 units by the Japanese auto major affects models, including Note, March/Micra, Sunny/Almera/Versa, Patrol and Cube. These are affected by a driver airbag concern that Takata reported to Nissan, the company said.
Ever since auto industry body SIAM started voluntary vehicle recall for safety related issues in India in July 2012, over seven lakh vehicles have been recalled by various manufacturers including Maruti Suzuki , Mahindra & Mahindra , Toyota, Ford, Honda and General Motors.
Last month Maruti Suzuki India announced recall of 69,555 units of Dzire, Swift and Ritz models manufactured between March 2010 and August 2013 to repair wiring harness fitment.
In April this year, in one of the biggest vehicle recalls in India, Maruti Suzuki recalled 1,03,311 units Ertiga, Swift and DZire -- manufactured between November 12, 2013 and February 4, 2014 to replace faulty fuel filler neck.
Last year, General Motors India recalled over 1,10,000 units of its multi-utility vehicle Tavera to address emission and specification issues.
The government is in process of framing a mandatory recall policy that would entail penalties as part of the new Central Motor Vehicle Rules.
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On December 05, 2014, Maruti Suzuki India closed at Rs 3397.00, down Rs 9.5, or 0.28 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 3432.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 1541.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 102.82 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 33.04. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.89.
RELATED NEWS

Nickel sees longest losing streak since 2001Nickel sees longest losing streak since 2001
Bloomberg |  Oct 25, 2014 09:07 PM IST
Nickel capped the longest slump in 13 years, as inventories climbed to an all-time high, signaling ample supplies as the economy slows in China, the world's top metals consumer. Stockpiles monitored by the London Metal Exchange (LME) climbed 15 per cent since September 1, reaching a record on Friday. Prices have slumped for seven straight weeks, the longest streak since July 2001. Lower costs for nickel, used in stainless-steel production, can benefit consumers such as car makers and appliance manufacturers, including Whirlpool Corp. Nickel fell into a bear market last month on signs that output will meet demand even after Indonesia, the world's largest producer of the metal from mines, implemented a ban on exports of unrefined ore in January.

sees the best opening everHappy New Year sees the best opening ever
Urvi Malvania | Mumbai Oct 25, 2014 10:47 PM IST
Shah Rukh Khan-starrer Happy New Year has raked in Rs 44.97 crore on its first day, the highest for any Bollywood film. Until now, this position was held by Aamir Khan's 2013 release Dhoom 3, which had recorded Rs 33.42 crore.
Happy New Year's first-day collections are also the highest single-day collections for any film so far. This record too, was hitherto held by Dhoom 3, which had collected Rs 34.5 crore on the first Sunday after its release.
Happy New Year, directed by Farah Khan and produced by Red Chillies Entertainment, has been distributed worldwide by Yash Raj Films. The film was released in India on October 24 and in the traditional foreign markets of the UK, the US and West Asia on October 23. It saw the widest release for any Bollywood film, with about 6,000 screens worldwide, 4,800-5,000 in India.
The film has been released in Hindi, along with dubbed versions in Tamil and Telugu. It has been made with a budget of about Rs 150 crore (Rs 110 crore for production and Rs 40 crore for promotions and marketing).
"Considering the film is off to a great start, it is set to make some serious money; the producers should have nothing to worry about. Foreign collections are also expected to be healthy, considering SRK's popularity in the UK, the US and West Asia. Also, the movie's satellite rights are yet to be sold. So, more revenue will come from there," says an analyst.
The film's stellar opening has paved the way for good lifetime collections. By the first weekend, it is set to touch the Rs 100-crore mark in India alone. Experts say it will exceed the Rs 180-crore mark in the first week. Most pundits are betting on business of Rs 250-270 crore in India. Foreign collections and ancillary rights revenue will add to profits.
Suniel Wadhwa, independent distributor and box-office analyst, says, "Happy New Year is reigning supreme at the box office by scoring the biggest debut so far. Its success can be attributed to some smart choices by Red Chillies Entertainment's marketing department. The fact that the film was pitched on New Year instead of Diwali has been a great advantage."
He adds the title of the film isn't character-led; it focuses on every character, though Shah Rukh Khan has been the face of the campaign. While at about three hours, the length of the film could have been a deterrent, its wide release has allowed many screenings.
Analysts say despite the wide release, the film saw 70-80 per cent advance bookings across India. On Saturday, theatres across the country registered 80-90 per cent occupancy. Experts estimate second-day collections at Rs 38-40 crore.
Venky Mysore, chief executive of Red Chillies Entertainment, said, "We are delighted that the audience across India responded brilliantly and showed their support for a film that has been produced with a lot of passion and love."
Chief revenue officer Gaurav Verma said, "The partnership with Yash Raj Films in developing our distribution strategy has been excellent and has contributed to the record-breaking opening."
If Happy New Year crosses the Rs 300-crore mark, it will be the first film to do so. It will also break Aamir Khan's streak of recording new collection milestones: His 2008 film Ghajini was the first to record Rs 100 crore; 3 Idiots, which hit the screens a year later, recorded Rs 200 crore.

Wipro all set to invest in start-upsWipro all set to invest in start-ups
Bibhu Ranjan Mishra | Bangalore Oct 25, 2014 10:47 PM IST
Wipro, the Bangalore-based IT services company which had set up a separate venture capital fund is pretty close to making a couple of investments in innovative start-up companies. Announcements to this effect are expected anytime soon, T K Kurien, CEO of the Bangalore-based company told Business Standard.
"You will see some announcements soon," Kurien said. "All of those will be minority investments because we don't want to acquire companies and kill them. The idea is to make investment which are small, effective and which can help us improve our business," he added.
In July this year, Business Standard had reported that Wipro had set up a venture capital (VC) fund with an initial corpus of around $100 million (around Rs 600 crore) with an aim of investing in early-to-middle stage technology startups globally. The fund is currently being spearheaded by Rishad Premji, the chief strategy officer who is also the elder son of chairman Azim Premji.
It is reliably learnt that the team that is managing the fund has been meeting the start-up companies independently as well as with the help of various startup incubators launched by industry body Nasscom as well as various global companies. Rishad Premji himself is learnt to have visited Nasscom start-up warehouses in several occasions in the recent months.
Last month, a team of practice heads from Wipro visited Microsoft Ventures office in Bangalore meet and assess software product startups. According to sources privy to that development, Wipro is following a model wherein it wants to explore new revenue streams by making such investment while at the same time keeping the portfolio companies at an 'arm's length'.
While the floating of a VC fund to make investment in startups is a recent development at Wipro, the company has already done couple of successful investments in a few global technology companies. The company has already seen a successful exit when Axeda, a machine-to-machine technology provider wherein it had invested $5 million in June 2013 got acquired by PTC in July this year. This week, the company also announced making further investments in Opera Solutions LLC, a global big data and analytics company. With the latest round of investment of $8.2 million, Wipro's has increased its stake in Opera to close to 20 per cent with a total investment of around $53 million.

SAMAVAT 2071 WITH RAKESH JHUNJHUNWALADhoni is defenitly a genius in...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 12:15      Category: Rei Agro
   37 comments
Media Report is your technical...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 10:58      Category: SpiceJet
Advances & Declines

Cox & Kings is a good stock pickCox & Kings is a good stock pick
Google executive sets new stratosphere skydive world recordGoogle executive sets new stratosphere skydive world record
Pakistan ministers stress need for economic ties with IndiaPakistan ministers stress need for economic ties with India
Manohar Lal Khattar to take oath as Haryana CM today  Modi likely to attend the ceremonyOct 26, 2014 at  07:34am IST
Manohar Lal Khattar to take oath as Haryana CM today, Modi likely to attend the ceremony
46
0
Chandigarh: It is a big day for Haryana on Sunday as Bharatiya Janata Party's Karnal MLA Manohar Lal Khattar will take oath as the state's Chief Minister. The swearing-in ceremony will take place in Panchkula at HUDA ground in Sector 5. Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Chief Ministers of all BJP-ruled states and other senior leaders of the party will be present at the ceremony.
This is after 15 years that the state has a non-Jat Chief Minister after having Jat Chief Ministers for three terms consecutively.
ALSO SEE 21 interesting facts about Haryana CM-designate Manohar Lal Khattar
Khattar was an RSS worker from 1980 to 1994 and then joined the BJP. Sources say he is a close aide of PM Narendra Modi. Riding on the Modi wave, Khattar, a bachelor above the age of 60, was confident of winning the Karnal seat and he did by a huge margin.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will land at the Chandigarh Airport from where he will drive down to the venue, officials said.
#manohar lal khattar #haryana #bjp #panchkula
"Prime Minister, BJP chief Amit Shah, some Union Cabinet Ministers, CMs of the BJP ruled states and senior leaders among others would attend the function," Haryana BJP spokesman Vir Kumar Yadav said on Saturday.
Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal would also attend the oath taking ceremony of the Khattar at Panchkula in Haryana.
Among other leaders, outgoing Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda has also been invited.
Elaborate arrangements have been made for today's function, which in addition to the presence of top dignitaries is going to see huge rush of the BJP workers.
Haryana Chief Secretary Shakuntala Jakhu and Director General of Police SN Vashisht, Panchkula's Deputy Commissioner SS Phulia held a meeting to review the arrangements for the function.
Tight security measures have been put in place, with over 3,000 cops being deployed. Haryana BJP leaders claim that nearly 1 lakh people were expected to attend the function. Roads leading to the HUDA ground were being given a facelift.
The Prime Minister will land at the Chandigarh Airport from where he will drive down to the venue, officials said.
336

Manohar Lal Khattar  Haryanas first BJP CM  takes oath todayML Khattar takes oath as Haryana's first BJP CM
Hitender Rao , Hindustan Times  Chandigarh, October 26, 2014
First Published: 08:24 IST(26/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:05 IST(27/10/2014)
Comments
Manohar Lal Khattar, Haryana's first chief minister from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), took oath at a high-profile event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Panchkula on Sunday.
Manohar Lal Khattar, Haryana’s new chief minister waves to the crowd during his oath taking ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Alongside the 60-year-old former Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) activist, nine ministers -six holding cabinet ranks and three ministers of state (independent charge) - were also sworn in.
Haryana governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath of office and secrecy to Khattar at the Mela Ground in Sector 5 of Panchkula town, adjoining Chandigarh.
Apart from Modi, the high-profile event was attended by some of his cabinet colleagues, chief ministers of BJP-ruled states and RSS leaders.  Senior BJP leaders such as Lal Krishna Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi were also present.
Khattar is the 10th chief minister of the state, which was created November 1, 1966.
It is after 18 years that a non-Jat was sworn in as the Haryana chief minister. Before Khattar, the last non-Jat CM was Bhajan Lal, a Bishnoi. He had been in power from 1991 to 1996.
Since 1996, successive Jat leaders — Bansi Lal of the HVP-BJP, Om Prakash Chautala of the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and Bhupinder Singh Hooda of the Congress — have ruled the state.
The BJP had scripted history in the recently held Haryana assembly elections, winning 47 of the 90 seats in the state that helped the party form the government on its own.  The party's vote share, too, had galloped from 9% to 33%.
The six cabinet ministers sworn-in on the occasion were Ram Bilas Sharma, Abhimanyu, OP Dhankar, Anil Vij, Rao Narvir Singh and Kavita Jain.
The ministers of state (MoS) who were administered the oath of office and secrecy were Bikram Singh Thekedar, Krishan Bedi and Karan Dev Kamboj. They all will hold independent charges.
(L to R) Rambliash Sharma, Manohar Lal Khattar, Anil Vij and OP Dhankar during the oath ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Who is Khattar?
Khattar - a Punjabi - is a sworn bachelor. He has the backup of the RSS and is seen as close to Modi, who endorsed his name for the CM's post in Haryana.
Khattar's selection silenced his critics, who said he lacks administrative experience as well as a popular base.
Khattar, often dubbed an "outsider" by rivals, also outdid the Jat-Punjabi rivalry that runs deep in the northern state.
"The majority view is in favour of having a non-Jat as chief minister," a BJP leader had said earlier.
Khattar, who had been an RSS pracharak for the past 40 years and an active BJP member for more than 20 years, won the Karnal seat with a big margin of more than 63,000 votes in his debut election.
He belongs to Rohtak's Nindana village.
Khattar has worked as an organising secretary in Haryana BJP when Modi was the in-charge of party affairs in the state.
The very fact that the BJP fielded him from Karnal, considered a rather safe seat for the party, gave ample indication of its plans for the Punjabi leader.
Kaptan Singh Solanki, Haryana governor and Manohar Lal Khattar during the oath ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Challenges ahead
The new chief minister has no previous administrative experience. He will have to take care of his greenhorn cabinet team as well.
Khattar, who is known in the BJP circles as a strategist, will be tested for his administrative acumen and the ability to deliver.
All in the stars?
Planetary positions seem to have decided the day and the time of Khattar's oath-taking.
It was evident from the official invite to the swearing-in ceremony, where the time of oath-taking was printed as a precise 11.23am.
"The date and the time seem to have been chosen carefully," said Chandigarh-based astrologer Prem Kumar Sharma, adding: "Tritiya tithi and Anuradha nakshatra fall on October 26, which are quite favourable (star positions)."
Another astrologer said that at the time, Mangal (Mars) would be in lagna (ascendant).
"Mars is a planet of aggression, which shows that the new chief minister would be an assertive individual. During this period, Sun will be in the 11th house, which is a house of gains but associated with enemy planets Venus and Saturn, indicating loss of sheen in governance," said the fortuneteller.
(with IANS inputs)

No time to cherish: Career couples freeze family dreamsComments
Simran and Ankur*, a Bangalore-based couple, want to have a baby but don’t have the time for it. The two IT professionals have demanding careers and are often travelling on work. Ankur is on a three-month assignment in the United States and as soon as he returns Simran will fly out of the country.
Last Wednesday, 36-year-old Simran got inseminated with her 38-year-old husband’s frozen sperm.
“Their biological clock is ticking and they want to have a child but at the same time don’t want to compromise their careers. Most times they live in different cities making it difficult to have a physical relationship, and nearly impossible when the wife is ovulating,” said Dr Rashmi Yogish, clinical director, Nova IVI fertility, Bangalore.
Apple and Facebook recently offered to cover expenses for egg banking for their employees, in an acknowledgement of the need for women to have both children and high-powered careers. But egg and sperm banking was an alien concept to Indians just a few years ago.
Now, an increasing number of couples are opting for it as they struggle to manage their careers and have children at the same time. Doctors say the number of takers has increased with couples working in different shifts and living in different cities. Yogish says about 30% of couples she sees are in same situation as Simran and Ankur.
“At least 30% of the men whose sperm has been frozen at our clinics are either living in a different city or country as their partner. This makes physical conception impossible,” said Dr Duru Shah, Gynaecworld, a fertility clinic in Mumbai.
Dr Shah recalled a case where a woman conceived while her husband was on an assignment in the UK for three years. “The couple is career-oriented and don’t want to leave their jobs. Also, modern science gives them the option to have a baby together though they are physically apart at the time of conception.”
Though sperm banking has risen by about 20% in fertility clinics, egg banking is still not a popular choice.
Dr Nandita Palshektar who runs multiple fertility clinics in India, said less than 10 women freeze their eggs annually.
“Many of these women have not found their partner or are too busy working and want to postpone child-bearing. Comparatively many men are freezing their sperm to help conception while they are not around,” said Dr Palshetkar.
Doctors said that while such couples may not necessarily have fertility issues, lack of common time is forcing them to use artificial reproduction techniques for conceiving. “We have many couples working in BPOs where they have different shifts and may only meet on weekends.
Freezing sperm for such couples is the best way to aid conception in the man’s absence,” said Dr Shivani Gour, director, ISIS Hospital, New Delhi, that stores frozen sperm of many military personnel and marine engineers.
Dr Gour added that the option of egg freezing has become commercially available only in the last two years. “Earlier it was an experimental procedure and even today we have limited data on Indian women. Also egg freezing is costly and an invasive procedure compared to sperm freezing, and hence not as popular in India.”
(*names of couples changed to protect their identity)

RSS disowns controversial Nehru articleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Eric Holder  Exasperated  By Leaks In Michael Brown CaseAttorney General Eric Holder 'Exasperated' By Leaks In Michael Brown Case
Reuters
Updated:
10/24/2014  9:59 pm EDT
FILE - In this July 10, 2012 file photo, Attorney General Eric Holder speaks in Houston. Holder is cutting short an overseas trip and will return to Washington immediately to manage a criminal investigation into the deaths of the four people who died in an attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya. (AP Photo/Pat Sullivan, File) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
(Updates with further comments from Holder)
By Julia Edwards
WASHINGTON, Oct 24 (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Eric  Holder said on Friday that he expects the Justice Department's  investigation into the shooting death of unarmed black teenager  Michael Brown by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri,  to be complete by the time he leaves office.
Holder, who was speaking at a news event in Los Angeles,  last month announced his resignation but said he would not leave  until his replacement was chosen and confirmed by the Senate.  The Obama administration is expected to announce a nominee to  replace him by the end of the year.
Brown's death sparked angry protests across the St. Louis  suburb and has drawn global attention to race relations in the  United States.
Holder's legacy as attorney general, a position he has held  since the start of the Obama administration, has been largely  shaped by his vocal advocacy for racial justice.
Holder also said he was "exasperated" to see leaks earlier  this week from the grand jury reviewing the case locally. The  leaked information indicated that Darren Wilson, the officer who  shot Brown, was acting in self-defense.
"It appears that people are somehow trying to shape public  opinion," Holder said.
In addition to the criminal investigation into Wilson's  actions, the Justice Department is also conducting a civil  investigation into the patterns and practices of the Ferguson  Police Department.      (Reporting by Julia Edwards; Editing by Sandra Maler and Eric  Beech)
More:

Home Ministry reverses stand on Aadhaar scheme  lends full supportOct 26, 2014 at 09:56am IST
Home Ministry reverses stand on Aadhaar scheme, lends full support
83
0
New Delhi: In a complete U-turn from its earlier stand, the Home Ministry has come out in full support of the Aadhaar scheme saying it will facilitate "anytime, anywhere, anyhow" authentication to its beneficiaries.
In a letter to all state governments, the Home Ministry said that since one Aadhaar number is allotted only to one person, it allows universal verification of one's identity. Aadhaar card also enables the deprived and needy people to access services like banking facilities.
"Since Aadhaar is based on the demographic and biometric information of an individual, it eliminates the threat of any fraud and bogus activity. Aadhaar will provide its possessor with universal identification. (It) will facilitate 'anytime, anywhere, anyhow' authentication to its beneficiaries (and) be a single source of identity verification," it said.
Aadhaar card also enables the deprived and needy people to access services like banking facilities.
#aadhar scheme #home ministry #rajnath singh
The ministry's stand on Aadhaar is in complete reversal of the position taken by it under two predecessors of Rajnath Singh -- Sushilkumar Shinde and P Chidambaram.
During the previous UPA regime, the Home Ministry had raised concerns over the sanctity of the the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI)'s database, saying uniqueness of identity was not a necessary condition for ensuring authenticity of identity or genuineness of other entries or records of Aadhaar numbers.
The ministry had raised concerns over supporting documents submitted by people as proof of identity and proof of address for getting an Aadhaar number.
8

Small  mid-sized PE firms eye more buyout dealsApax Partners
(Since beginning of 2014,…)
NEW DELHI: Small and mid-sized private equity firms are increasingly muscling in on the buyout space as they look to have greater say over their investments, generate better returns and map out a clearer exit route for themselves.
Ambit Pragma, Motilal Oswal and Gaja Capital are among the clutch of such firms that are adopting the strategy that was long held to be the preserve of larger global private equity firms. "We are seeing an increasing number of buyout deals in India.
There are multiple reasons as to why buyouts are becoming increasingly popular. It could be the need to divest non-core businesses, succession planning, consolidation of a fragmented industry, or the need for significant amount of capital to accelerate to the next level of growth," said Dhanpal Jhaveri, partner and CEO of Everstone Capital Advisors, which manages assets of about $2 billion. Using the 'buy-and build' strategy, some of the small and midsized firms have also appointed operating partners that have taken over as the chief executive of their portfolio companies, following a model first deployed by Everstone and New Silk Route Growth Capital .
Mumbai-based Ambit Pragma, which invests about $10 million, named Nirmesh Prakash , a partner with the firm, as chief executive of Delhi-based dairy firm, Neo Milk Products, after promoter Dinkar Suri quit the organisation in September.
"I think it's great. There are a lot of opportunities, and we wish there were a lot more small-cap buyout funds, but there aren't at the moment," said Nirmesh Prakash, partner, Ambit Pragma.
Buyout deals in India have largely been seen as a domain of bulge bracket PE investors, such as Carlyle Group , Kohlberg, Kravis and Roberts & Co and Apax Partners .
Since the beginning of 2014, there have been nine buyout deals by mid-sized PE firms, totalling $499 million, an 88per cent increase in deal value, over the year-ago period, according to Venture Intelligence . But others are now set to join that list.
"This is a space of huge interest to us, and there are very few players that currently operate within this framework," said Gopal Jain , managing partner, Gaja Capital. Gaja Capital, which is in the process of raising its third fund — Gaja III — operates in the sub-$100 million PE space, will look to do an increasing number of buyouts from its latest investment vehicle.
"This is increasingly becoming the future. We have a deep pipeline of potential deals for Gaja III and buyout transactions are expected to be part of them," Jain said. Another established PE firm, Motilal Oswal, also plans to consider taking a majority position in investments.
"Promoters are now increasingly looking to hand over to a stronger set of managers while PE investors correspondingly want to have a greater say in the running of the companies," said Rakesh Sony , director, Motilal Oswal PE. However, unlike the bulge bracket funds, the small and mid-market funds do not have a plan to set up separate investment vehicles for buyouts.
"Ideally, we would like to do a couple of transactions, and see where it goes," said Motilal Oswal's Sony. The approach, however, remains similar.
"It's not just about financial and investment expertise. There has to be a strong operating understanding of the business. And that's where we spend a lot of time," said Everstone's Jhaveri. The development also comes at a time when risk capital investments in the country have been on an upward curve, boosted by the electoral victory of pro-business Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party in May.
PE firms have invested $6.7 billion in 312 transactions since the beginning of the year, an increase of more than 26per cent over the year-ago period, which saw funds invest $5.3 billion in 332 deals. "Earlier, if you were a small firm, you couldn't really sell, but now there is a marketplace evolving," said Prakash.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CEO Larry Page puts Sundar Pichai in charge of Google s major products  servicesOct 25, 2014 at 08:53am IST
CEO Larry Page puts Sundar Pichai in charge of Google's major products, services
35
0
San Francisco: Google Chief Executive Officer Larry Page has put Sundar Pichai, one of his key lieutenants, in charge of the Internet company's products.
The India-born executive will have oversight over products such as search, maps, Google+, commerce, advertising and infrastructure, according to a Google spokesman. Six executives who previously reported to Page, including the heads of research, social media and search, will now report to Pichai, according to Re/code, which first reported the change on Friday, citing an internal memo.
The change will free Page from having as many direct reports and product units to oversee so that he can better focus on "the bigger picture," according to the Re/code report, which also cited anonymous sources.
Sundar Pichai, who has risen rapidly through the ranks since joining Google in 2004, is viewed by many industry insiders as potential CEO material.
#google #larry page #sundar pichai
YouTube, Google's popular video website, will be unaffected by the new structure and will continue to report directly to Page.
The move puts Pichai, 42, in charge of many of Google's main services, including its core search and advertising units, which generate the bulk of the company's revenue.
Google, the world's No.1 Internet search engine, has experienced several high-level management changes this year. Chief Business Officer Nikesh Arora departed unexpectedly in July to become Vice Chairman of Japan's SoftBank and was replaced by longtime Google executive Omid Kordestani. Vic Gundotra, the head of Google's social networking services, left in April.
Pichai, who has risen rapidly through the ranks since joining Google in 2004, is viewed by many industry insiders as potential CEO material. In addition to his duties overseeing the various products, Pichai will continue to lead Google's Android and Chrome software operating systems as well as Google's Apps business.
501

S.S. Rajendran: Dialogue delivery was his fortedeath
Tamil cinema’s veteran actor Sedapatti Suryanarayana Thevar Rajendran, popularly known as SSR, who had worked with the former Chief Minister, M.G. Ramachandran, thespian Sivaji Ganesan, DMK leader M. Karunanidhi and AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa, died here on Friday.
He was 86 and is survived by two wives, including actress C.R. Vijayakumari, and eight children. Born at Sedapatti in Madurai district in January 1928, SSR, like all his contemporaries, cut his teeth in acting on the stage as part of Boys Company and later in the theatre group run by T.K.S. Brothers. He was also a good singer; a few could match his Tamil pronunciation. He, however, kept to the minimum the theatrical elements that dominated the histrionics milieu of his time. From the early 1950s to 2008, he had acted in over 75 films.
In his recent autobiography, Naan Vantha Paathai (The Path I Trod), he had said he could get into the famous TKS troupe after singing a song set to raga Karaharapriya to the satisfaction of T.K. Bhagavathi, the younger brother of T.K. Shanmugam.
In fact, SSR entered the film world as a playback singer, in the music of G. Ramanathan, because he was considered too young for villain by Modern Theatres Sundaram.
After penning his autobiography, SSR kept the manuscripts with him. “IAS officer Rajendran and artist Trotsky Marudhu persuaded him to publish it,” said poet Vennila, whose publishing house Agani has brought out the book recently.
Closely associated with the Dravidian movement, SSR was an admirer of the DMK founder C.N. Annadurai. He was the first actor to be elected to the Assembly in the country, from Theni in 1962 on DMK ticket. He also represented the DMK in the Rajya Sabha during 1970-76 and was re-elected to the Assembly as an AIADMK candidate from Andipatti in 1980.
Though he was a close friend of Mr. Karunanidhi, he fell out with him. In his autobiography, SSR has vividly recalled his war of words with the DMK president at an executive meeting of the party. After his expulsion from the DMK, he joined the AIADMK. Again, he entered the electoral fray from Periyakulam in the 1989 Assembly elections as a candidate of the AIADMK faction led by Ms. Jayalalithaa. But he could not win.
Parasakthi, starring Sivaji Ganesan, gave him the much-needed break, though he had earlier acted in a few films such as Paithiyakaran and Aandal. In Parasakthi, he campaigned for the laudable objective of its scrip-writer Mr Karunanidhi to rehabilitate beggars.
With a fine diction and facial expression, SSR excelled as a hero, and in many secondary roles. His role as ‘Muthazhgu’ in Sivagangai Seemai testified to his acting talent. He acted with Sivaji Ganesan in Patchai Vilakku, Manohara and Alayamani.
In Poompuhar, for which the dialogues were penned by Mr. Karunanidhi, he played the role of Kovalan, the hero of the epic Silapathikaram.
In Manimagudam, SSR worked with Mr. Karunanidhi, who penned the dialogues, and Ms. Jayalalithaa. He paired with MGR in Kanchi Thalaivan and Raja Thesinku.

Looking at govt s policy decisions optimistically: Sunil SinghaniaCIO
("We definitely look in the…)
In a chat with ET Now, Sunil Singhania, CIO Equity, Reliance Mutual Fund, shares his views on economy, his expectations and more. Excerpts:
ET Now: Politics was a theme that dominated your recent note. From what we are reading right now, you have talked about the principles that the Modi government follows under the leadership of Narendra Modi. What is your driving principle as you approach your strategy with the markets?
Sunil Singhania: One thing is very clear that not only in India but everywhere in the world, politics does play a big role and it is not about the markets but it is definitely about the economy. Anything specifically in a country like India which has so much potential and somewhere that potential has not been exploited to the fullest because of whatever we have gone through in terms of policy action; it becomes all the more relevant. That is the reason why most of the market investors would be looking at politics much more closely than they would say in the past.
ET Now: Do you think that from this year to the next, India is pretty much on track to get rerated because we have seen a part of the rally already play out and this has been a great Diwali. I am sure everybody is celebrating with a lot of gusto given the energy and enthusiasm there is overall. So do you think that is just going to build on over the next 12 months?
Sunil Singhania: Definitely, from our perspective with a little bit of luck which also is shining on India given that we have recovered as far as rainfall is concerned and with the way oil prices and commodity prices are falling, we do have luck. We are entering into a phase which is making India stand out. I have repeated it earlier also in various forums that last four-five years, India was the reverse of the world. So in the world we had prices falling, inflation falling, interest rates falling and India was among the very very few countries where interest rates and inflation was rising. Now if you see, the last 10-15 days of volatility in the world was largely because of concerns that growth is slowing down, interest rates are rising.
India on the contrary we have wholesale price index fallen to 2.5 per cent. I do not remember in the near past when that has happened. So in India we are seeing a big sort of standing out as far as macro economic factors are concerned and on the policy front itself you have diesel prices which have been deregulated, you have gas prices which was long overdue as far as increase is concerned and the biggest thing is the direct subsidy transfer or the direct benefit transfer that can revolutionise a lot of things. As you move forward, there are talks about lot of things happening on the coal front, on the power front, the railways front, the defence front and on GST front. So we definitely look in the near future as well as medium term with lot of optimism as far as policy decisions are concerned.
ET Now: So the note that we read which is essentially what you guys are reading and among the other things that came out I will quote, one of the points is "break your final target into a set of smaller target and milestones". I believe this is something that you have written now or is something that you are reading. So now let us put this in context with how you relate to things generally and with regards to market I leave the option to you as to how do you want to choose. What is the milestone over the next 12 months, say for the markets or on the personal front and how are you breaking into smaller targets?
Sunil Singhania: Very clearly as you rightly said, you do have a longer term sort of thought process and long term visions as far as the market is concerned. But obviously you will have to break it up into smaller targets.
 

Season for private equity exits via IPOsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ebola in US: New York had jump-start  Dallas had to learnfastThe contrast in handling two Ebola diagnoses in New York and Dallas highlights how differently US cities prepare.
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: October 26, 2014 4:24 am
The contrast in handling two Ebola diagnoses in New York and Dallas highlights how differently U.S. cities and hospitals prepare for health emergencies.
“The lesson I would take from New York is you have to practice,” Dr Amesh Adalja, a representative of the Infectious Diseases Society of America. “Preparedness isn’t something you just make a plan for and put it on the shelf.”
Ebola came to New York via a doctor who had volunteered to treat patients in Ebola-stricken Guinea. Dr Craig Spencer alerted his aid agency that he had developed a fever, and was transported to Bellevue Hospital Center by specially trained emergency workers wearing protective gear.
In Dallas last month, a hospital initially sent home a sick Thomas Eric Duncan, who had traveled from Liberia and who days later would become the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the U.S.
A look at differences between the two cases:
HOW NEW YORK PREPARED
New York health officials are known for holdings drills on handling emergencies, and Ebola is no exception. Bellevue, the country’s oldest public hospital, had been preparing in earnest for an Ebola patient since August.
The patient registration staff and triage nurses were trained to ask people with certain symptoms about international travel. Actors posed as patients to be sure that anyone who answered “yes” was immediately put into one of the ER’s nine isolation rooms. Along the way came some false alarms, sick patients who turned out not to have Ebola.
On the seventh floor is the full isolation unit, originally set up to treat people with drug-resistant tuberculosis. It was overhauled for Ebola in recent weeks and now houses a separate lab for Ebola-infected specimens.
Bellevue is not alone. New York health authorities designated eight hospitals statewide as capable of properly caring for suspected Ebola patients.
Beyond hospitals, the city’s fire department trained an ambulance crew to transport suspected Ebola patients, and emergency dispatchers now ask people calling for an ambulance if they’ve traveled to West Africa recently.
Also, “New York has the benefit of being the second city to have an imported Ebola case,” Adalja said.
LESSONS LEARNED
Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas has apologized for initially misdiagnosing Duncan.
Duncan had told an emergency room nurse he recently had arrived from West Africa, and he temporarily spiked a 103-degree Fahrenheit (39.5-degree Celsius) fever shortly before his discharge. He returned two days later, sicker, and then was tested for Ebola. He died Oct. 8. Two nurses who cared for him became infected; both have since been declared virus-free.
On Friday, the Dallas hospital announced some changes, saying it had learned from its experiences treating Duncan and was sharing them with other hospitals in a stark then-and-now chart.
Patients will be asked about their travels within five minutes of entering the ER. Electronic continued…

Few details offered on quarantines overEbolaOfficials in three US states have enacted 21-day quarantines for any travelers arriving back in US.
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: October 26, 2014 5:19 am
Officials in three US states have enacted 21-day quarantines for any travelers arriving back in the United States after having contact with Ebola patients in West Africa. But they’ve said little about exactly how they’ll enforce such strict rules.
In Illinois, health officials say such travelers are subject to a mandatory home quarantine. In New York and New Jersey, the three-week quarantine is also in effect because that’s the incubation period of the deadly virus.
All three states announced the quarantine requirements on Friday. But no health officials from those states responded to requests Saturday about how such a quarantine will work.
A nurse who worked in Sierra Leone tested negative for Ebola at a New Jersey hospital after being the first traveler subject to quarantine there.

Do popular dating apps offer excitement of w...Do popular dating apps offer the excitement of wooing and getting wooed?
26 Oct, 2014, 04.50AM IST
READ MORE ON » Zoosk | Tinder | Sunday ET | Sting | OkCupid | itunes | Facebook
Registering using Facebook was the easy part. Adding a picture (typically the same that I was using on Facebook) was a breeze. The process that really challenged me was replying to the questions that were a part of the ‘profiling’ of the dating apps
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
by Alok Kejriwal
When I was mandated by ET Magazine to 'test drive' some of the popular dating apps and write about the ones that I picked, I kinda gulped. I mean, here I was — a 45-year-old hooked and booked dude who was expected to go out pretending to be looking for dates on mobile apps.
The doubt didn't last for long and soon turned into a smile. After all, I remembered my favourite character of all times — Shylock (from The Merchant of Venice) and how he could trade anything for anything. So what if I was supposed to pretend to be a 'Merchant of Love' for a few days? It was possible that I would earn my pound of... learnings, if nothing else!
ACT I, SCENE I: Getting Inside
I downloaded a few dating apps and tried registering, quite methodically. A relatively new app called Woo that has been making a bit of a noise on the circuit, rejected me outright. What had I done wrong? I looked carefully at the registration process and discovered my faux pas. I had signed-in using my Facebook ID that had automatically declared my marital status (married, obviously) to the Woo servers. Hmm — I guess the servers didn't like married men and came back with a silly, "Woo accepts only limited signups. We will come back to you when a slot opens up".
Heck — why couldn't the app simply tell me that married men were not allowed?
Was "love ever supposed to be delayed?" I could have changed my Facebook profile to a fake one but that wouldn't seem genuine. So I said boo to Woo and went on to the other apps.
The ones that seemed to 'accept' me as I am were OkCupid (ranked in 142 countries on the iTunes stores), Zoosk (ranked in 155 countries on iTunes) and Tinder (ranked in 149 countries on iTunes). It seemed that I had chosen apps that were the best in the world (they had chosen me too) and I was ready to go on some serious date-hunting.
ACT I, SCENE II: Getting Started
Registering using Facebook was the easy part. Adding a picture (typically the same that I was using on Facebook) was a breeze. The process that really challenged me was replying to the questions that were a part of the 'profiling' of the dating apps.
The question and multiple answer section seemed like a never-ending treadmill that made me more and more tired plus surprised after every question I answered.
For instance, imagine my reaction when I was asked, "STALE is to STEAL is 89475 to...?"This was a question in a dating app that was supposed to match people for compatibility! Other awesome questions asked included: "How often do you brush your teeth?"
"Do you think the government should limit chain stores to give small businesses a chance?"
"Overall, has capitalism made the world a better place?"
The killer question was:
"If you were to die, would whoever goes through your personal belongings be shocked by what he/she finds?" I grimaced and thought that the agenda using these apps was planning my life to get more romantic — not derisking my death?!
Takeaway: Dating via these apps didn't appear to be about meeting someone, getting butterflies in your stomach and wondering for weeks if she likes you. Sure, profiling and creating deep insights could be logical for digital match-making, but the process seemed to be like a postmortem of my heart and mind.
PS: The answer to "STALE is to STEAL is 89475 to...?" is 89547. If you didn't get it, I refuse to date you.
ACT II, SCENE I: Getting Hooked
The Merchant of Venice is a play built around events that occur when Bassanio (a young Venetian nobleman) borrows 3,000 ducats from his wealthy merchant friend Antonio to woo (no pun intended) the beautiful and wealthy heiress Portia.
If there were no Portia, there would be no Merchant of Venice. In the dating apps that I downloaded, there seemed to be many Portias waiting to be wooed.
If you diligently answered the profiling questions asked (I counted over 50), gave accurate information and didn't shy away from being honest, a 'menu' of lots of interesting, attractive and likable 'dates' would begin to show up as people eligible for you to chase.
Now, back to The Merchant of Venice (If you haven't read it, please buy a copy and send me the bill. I will fund your read) — the beautiful Portia is aggressively wooed by suitors; but her father has left a will stipulating each of her suitors must choose correctly from one of three caskets — one each of gold, silver and lead in order to win her. If the suitor picked the right casket, he got Portia. The first suitor, the luxurious Prince of Morocco, chose the gold casket, interpreting its slogan, "Who chooseth me shall gain what many men desire" as referring to Portia. Tsk, tsk, foolish fellow.
The second suitor, the conceited Prince of Arragon, chose the silver casket, which proclaimed, "Who chooseth me shall get as much as he deserves", imagining himself to be full of merit. Obviously he did not win Portia either. Paagal!
Both suitors left empty-handed, having rejected the lead casket because of the baseness of its material and the uninviting nature of its slogan, "Who chooseth me must give and hazard all he hath." The last suitor was Bassanio, whom Portia wished to have as a husband, having met him before. As Bassanio pondered his choice, members of Portia's household sang a song which prompted Bassanio to disregard "outward shows" and "ornament" and choose the lead casket, winning Portia's hand.
Mota moti (old Marwari saying), Bassanio was humble and not averse to betting all that he had to win his love. And he won!
Now, the co-relation of this long story and the dating apps I reviewed?
Each of the damsels (Portias) in the dating apps had set up their own 'caskets' of questions that needed to be answered by potential suitors if they hoped to win their love!
A pretty lady whom I 'winked' at (errr...just a button called 'wink' that you click) replied saying, "Winks are flattering. Now, if you are interested, tell me why YOU are interesting!"
A rather aggressive date-in-the-waiting wrote, "Thanks for noticing me. Now, what do you wanna talk about?" Even before I hazarded a reply, I noticed her profile which mentioned, "Nobody is perfect — I am nobody. I love lying about my age. I wish I could date Sting [the singer], but since he is busy with his wife, I can give you a chance..."
Oh Boy! If Portia's father were alive, he would have simply asked these suitors to download these apps and try and win Portia.
Acknowledging that I was no Bassanio, I exited this casket part of the game with empty hands.
Takeaway: Dating apps are competitive! Just like board meetings and sales pitches, the women I seemed to have been 'matched with' were so demanding in their approach that I gave up and set my goals to pleasing my VCs instead.
ACT II, SCENE II: Getting Booked
Shylock was the quintessential Marwari. Always talked trade, money, interest, compound interest, business and profits. Above all, a very smart entrepreneur.
It was no surprise that he readily loaned Antonio money sensing a larger opportunity at hand. Shylock was interested in trapping Antonio first and then extracting much more value from him.
The dating apps that I encountered (created by some of the most ingenious entrepreneurs in the world) were even more clever and scheming.
In Zoosk, for instance, all the potential women dates I was presented were open to 'chat' with. I quickly sent safe, "How are you... Nice profile pic" type of messages to at least eight damsels.
In a few hours, I was very surprised (and pleased) to have received notifications saying that each of the women had replied to my message. I was curious to their level of interest in me and quickly fired up the app to read their replies. But to my utter shock, I learnt that while sending messages was free, reading the replies received from the dates required a 'subscription' account. And the minimum amount to acquire a subscription was Rs 1,000!!!
In my enthusiasm (and endeavour to honestly report the findings to you), I paid up. I became Antonio. I slipped. I succumbed. And very quickly learnt that I had been fooled. It turned out that none of these women had replied to me personally; instead an 'auto-responder' they had set up had broadcast some canned messages back to me.
Shucks.
Other 'Shylockesque' tricks included a feature that let you know "if she had read the message" you sent (to potential dates). And this was not part of the subscription! It required coins to unlock (these coins needed to be further purchased — for a minimum `850). As I prowled the Apps of Love, my profile was suddenly pronounced as 'highly unpopular' and was graphically depicted as a gas tank that was below the 'E' mark. How sad I felt. Of course, the way to fill up the tank was to pay more money!
Shylock would have loved to meet these app creators! There were options to 'Mega Flirt' that allowed me to send a tsunami of a hand-picked message to lots of dates.(A canned message I particularly liked was, "Why aren't you in jail? It's illegal to look that good.") Another really interesting trap was to 'look for dates in your area' — cleverly using a mobile phone's geo locater to show people close to each other.
All said and done, I barely received any signs of love, save alone a potential date. And reasonably so. I guess that the apps and its users had cleverly figured out that this guy was not around for the real deal. Further proving that the apps were really doing a good job!
Takeaway: ( for me, personally): Love was not really meant to be an app. Meeting people to date was not supposed to be an algorithm. Was it something else then? Maybe the chase was more meaningful than the prize? The excitement of wooing and getting wooed?
To quote Gratiano (a friend of Bassanio): "All things that are, Are with more spirit chased than enjoy'd."
The writer is a digital entrepreneur and blogs at therodinhoods.com

Has the govt really scored a victory in the hunt for black moneyYou are here: Home > Collections > Switzerland
Has the government really scored a major victory in the hunt for black money in Swiss banks?
Binoy Prabhakar, ET Bureau Oct 26, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
Black Money
(The pact with the Swiss insists…)
Just when the government was on a roll, earning hosannas for a series of reforms, severe grief visited it in the form of a Supreme Court hearing on ill-gotten, untaxed "black money" held in foreign banks. The change in fortunes was precipitated by its admission in court that the names of Indians (secretly) holding bank accounts abroad cannot be revealed owing to double taxation avoidance treaties with other countries. A public roasting ensued — expectedly.
The BJP when it warmed the opposition benches had consistently attacked the Congress government for its refusal to reveal these names. Now as ruling party, it had taken recourse to the same excuse as its predecessor. The admission in court was also a serious blemish on the BJP's election promise of bringing back black money (the deadline of 100 days had long passed, remember).
A battered Congress finally had a stick to beat the government with, singling out for special mention prime minister Narendra Modi's promise of depositing Rs 15 lakh in every citizen's account after the seizure of illicit billions.
The Evidence
Fortuitously for the government, a team of Indian officials had almost simultaneously rounded off talks with Switzerland, which they believe is the epicentre of black money (never mind that plenty of tax havens have sprouted around the world). The Swiss banking system is steeped in secrecy and Indian attempts to even extract information have always proved futile. The government gave the impression that it had at long last achieved a major breakthrough in Switzerland. Has it really?
Let's look at the joint statement signed by Indian revenue secretary Shaktikanta Das and Swiss state secretary Jacques de Watteville that describes the talks. The two officials met in Berne as "part of the regular dialogue conducted by Swiss and Indian authorities". Though this deflates the impression of Indian spooks chasing bad guys, it would be wrong to surmise that nothing good came out of the meeting. There were two gains.
The first was the willingness expressed by Switzerland to examine Indian requests for which investigations have been carried out independently. Indian authorities possess a so-called 'HSBC list' that contains names of Indians who have stashed wealth in the Swiss unit of the banking major. But Switzerland had long maintained that there is no international standard to provide assistance based on information illegally obtained and Swiss legislation does not allow cooperation in such cases. The Swiss had finally relented, if only a little.
The second gain was the statement by Adrian Hug, director of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, that a competent Swiss authority would assist in confirming the genuineness of bank documents. (The Indian Express reported on Thursday that the government is about to send a batch of 50 names to Switzerland to confirm the authenticity of the HSBC list.) The gains end here.
India's attempt to conclude an automatic exchange of information agreement (AEIA) with Switzerland "after completion of domestic procedures at the earliest" too was bandied about as another triumph. But only a diehard optimist would take solace from 'domestic procedures' and 'at the earliest'.
  Switzerland is yet to introduce the new global standard on AEIA in tax matters with partner states — the Swiss parliament will vote on the standard only next year. A statement on October 8 by the Swiss Federal Council says the first exchange of information could take place in 2018 but is subject to parliament and voters approving the necessary laws and agreements.
The referendum has become necessary because, as a recent The New York Times report said, though Swiss authorities have nodded at cooperation with frustrated governments abroad (after pressure from developed countries), "at home, laws on the books since 1934 make violating client confidentiality a crime". There is no telling how the referendum will swing. But the NYT report said "a backlash is building to protect the vaunted traditions of secrecy".
Reluctant Partner
Andres Knobel, an analyst for the Tax Justice Network, an advocacy group that promotes transparency in international finance, said Switzerland has proved unwilling to part with information, especially to developing countries.
Switzerland has already expressed that it will require, among other things, reciprocity and confidentiality to exchange information, according to him. The first caveat does not bode well for India because New Delhi is not a tax haven and the chances of Swiss nationals parking money here are remote. As for confidentiality, the double taxation avoidance treaty (DTAA) with Switzerland — the basis of cooperation in tax matters between the two countries — allows disclosure of information to authorities and courts concerned with tax appeals.

L&T Finance Holdings PAT up by 17%L&T Finance Holdings PAT up by 17%
PM Modi inaugurates Sir HN Reliance Foundation hospital in Mumbai  shares healthcare agendaNews360: Terrorists target 4 towns in Kashmir, 21 killed
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Saradha scam: Enforcement Directorate to issue fourth attachment order soon1
0
Kolkata: The Enforcement Directorate (ED), probing the multi-crore Saradha ponzi scam, will issue the fourth attachment order for Saradha Group's properties by the end of October, ED sources said.
"We'll soon be issuing attachment orders of Saradha property in North Bengal, Malda, Kolkata and Bishnupur by the end of October," they said.
"Everyday new property is coming to the notice of ED," they said most of these were "layered" (not in the name of Saradha Group chief Sudipto Sen).
So far, ED had issued three attachment orders of property valued at almost Rs 250 crore.
The forthcoming attachment would be of substantial value and the order would be issued after all legal formalities were completed as most of them were not in Sen's name.
So far, ED had issued three attachment orders of property valued at almost Rs 250 crore.
Asked when ED would file its first charge sheet as the CBI already did so on October 22, they said "it would be done soon".
"We will be able to file the first chargesheet when all the attachments are over and we will also wait for the CBI to file its final chargesheet," they said.
Asserting that the ED probe is firmly on track, they said that the agency would be able to complete the investigation process probably by November.
ED had started the Saradha probe in April 2013. Regarding painter Subhaprasanna's studio equipment which the ED had surveyed recently, they said that the agency was also examining the possibility of attaching those as well.
The agency had also attached the bank accounts of East Bengal and Mohun Bagan football clubs.
0

Air India evaluating leasing fuel-efficient airplanes7
0
New Delhi: Aiming at taking growing competition head-on, Air India is evaluating leasing fuel- efficient airplanes like Airbus A-320 neos for itself and Boeing 737 Max for its subsidiary Air India Express over the next three to six years.
While the national carrier would be getting its 18th Boeing 787 Dreamliners in December, it has already started exploring options to lease A-320 neos (New Engine Option) aircraft into its fleet after 2017.
Airline officials said they were looking at leasing the neos by 2017 onwards.
Airline officials said they were looking at leasing the neos by 2017 onwards.
#air india #airline #airbus a 320
Earlier this month, no-frill carrier IndiGo placed the largest order for 250 of these neo planes which the European aircraft manufacturer Airbus claims to be fuel-efficient estimating that it can save fuel up to 15 per cent. The A-320 neos have a seat capacity of 238.
The officials said Air India was also considering leasing Boeing 737 Max, the new generation fuel-saving aircraft, for its subsidiary Air India Express.
The airline plans to lease them by 2020, though the first of these aircraft is scheduled for delivery in 2017. On its financial parameters, the Air India officials said these have shown improvement in the first six months of this financial year with the airline's network revenue recording an 11 per cent growth.
The national carrier registered an 11 per cent growth in network revenue at Rs 8,114 crore between April and September, up from Rs 7,289 crore reported during the same period in 2013.
The airline was able to achieve this despite the period being a lean season when most airlines report a decline in the number of passengers carried, the officials said.
The passenger load factor at 73.5 per cent on domestic and 74.8 per cent on international sectors exceeded the target of 73 and 74 per cent respectively, thus increasing the yields at a time of stiff competition posed by the no-frill carriers and their low fare offers, they said.
During April-September, 89 per cent of Air India's domestic flights met their variable costs as compared to the same period previously. This meant that these flights were able to meet their fuel costs and handling and navigational charges, the officials said.
3

Brazil preps for historic presidential runoffBrazil preps for historic presidential runoff
Oil Min to overhaul exploration policy: PradhanOil Min to overhaul exploration policy: Pradhan
One nation  one number: Much hype  little gainOne nation, one number: Much hype, little gain
Sounak Mitra | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 10:50 PM IST
If cellphone users are allowed to retain their numbers when relocating from one telecom circle to another, which will eventually abolish roaming charges, only a limited number of subscribers will benefit.
Just about 110.8 million, or 12 per cent, of the 924 million mobile users in India use roaming services and the people who relocate is about a tenth of these. Nationwide mobile number portability will benefit only these 11 million users initially.
These subscribers are, however, important to telecom companies because they are essentially premium post-paid customers. Around 4 per cent of all mobile subscribers use post-paid services but they contribute to more than a fourth of a telecom company’s earnings.
Telecom companies will also lose roaming revenue from those that retain their number after relocation. The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) says telecom companies earn about Rs 2,000-2,500 crore from roaming services but companies claim the impact will be Rs 13,000 crore per year.
Mobile number portability, first introduced in 2010 and restricted to within telecom zones, did not attract much attention. Only 13.96 per cent of the total cellular user base, or 129 million people, have ported their numbers so far.
Telecom companies earlier said they would need $10 million to create the infrastructure for nationwide number portability. The move will help companies with a pan-India presence win subscribers from operators whose users relocate to states they do not offer services in.
“Relocating subscribers are 1-2 per cent of the mobile user base. So it may not have a significant impact revenue. But it certainly increases the chances of retaining a subscriber who is relocating,” said Rajan Mathews, director-general of the Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI).
The Trai had earlier said free roaming was impractical and suggested a cap on charges. However, telecom experts said if roaming were free, subscribers would have talked more and the extra earnings would have neutralised the roaming revenue lost.
Tari had earlier this year reduced the cap on roaming tariffs by 29 per cent to 57 per cent. It had also capped the price of an outgoing text message while roaming at Rs 1 for local numbers and Rs 1.50 for outstation ones. The regulator will review the matter in July 2015.
According to Hemant Joshi, partner at Deloitte Haskins & Sells, “India being mostly a pre-paid market, portability is not going to have a big impact and operators are not worried. There will be no significant impact on revenue.”
WHO GAINS FROM THE ROAMING GAME?
About 110.8 mn, or 12%, of the 924 mn mobile users in India use roaming services and the people who relocate is about a tenth of these
 
Nationwide mobile number portability will benefit only these 11 mn users initially
 
Telcos will also lose roaming revenue from those that retain their number after relocation
 
Trai says telcos earn about Rs 2,000-2,500 crore from roaming services but companies claim the impact will be Rs 13,000 crore a year

NSE index may rise to 8 000 level on reformsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Coeur dAlene apparently changes stance  agrees that for-profit chapel need not perform same-sex weddingsBy Eugene Volokh October 24 Follow @volokhc
As I noted Wednesday , the Couer d’Alene City Attorney concluded that for-profit chapels were covered by the city ban on sexual orientation discrimination: “if they are providing services primarily or substantially for profit and they discriminate in providing those services based on sexual orientation then they would likely be in violation of the ordinance.” But Boise State Public Radio (Jessica Robinson) reports that the city has apparently changed its position:
The city of Coeur d’Alene, Idaho, said a for-profit wedding chapel owned by two ministers doesn’t have to perform same-sex marriages….
[City Attorney Michael] Gridley said after further review, he determined the ordinance doesn’t specify non-profit or for-profit.
“After we’ve looked at this some more, we have come to the conclusion they would be exempt from our ordinance because they are a religious corporation,” Gridley explained.
The Knapps’ lawyer reports that “the Knapps have been contacted by the police about a complaint filed on Thursday by a same-sex couple who were turned away at the Old West themed chapel,” but presumably — given the new stance — the City will refuse to prosecute. (The ordinance doesn’t allow private lawsuits, only prosecutions.)
The Kootenai County Task Force on Human Relations , which (according to Boise State Public Radio) helped create the ordinance agrees, quoting unnamed constitutional experts: “When they are performing a religious activity like marrying people, ministers have the right to choose which marriages they will solemnize. That’s why we don’t think the public accommodation law applies to ministers making choices about performing marriages. So, if the only service offered is a religious wedding ceremony performed by a minister, then the law would not apply.”
As I’ve argued before , I think more than just religious freedom is at stake here — the Free Speech Clause protects the right not to participate in verbal ceremonies, whether religious or otherwise, and whether they are pledges of allegiance (even ones without “under God”) or the conducting of wedding vows (even ones that are secular). A secular freelance writer, for instance, has a Free Speech Clause right to refuse to write news releases for religious groups that he disapproves of (even if he generally takes commissions from the public), or articles praising ceremonies that he disapproves of. Likewise, a wedding officiant has a Free Speech Clause right to refuse to lead wedding ceremonies that he disapproves of. But at least I’m glad that, in this instance, the city has agreed that the ordinance doesn’t apply.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

New York  New Jersey to quarantine medical workers returning from West AfricaBy Mark Berman October 24 Follow @markberman
Customs officers working during Ebola screenings at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York. (U.S. Customs and Border Protection)
Medical personnel returning to New York, New Jersey and Illinois from the Ebola-riddled countries in West Africa will be automatically quarantined if they had direct contact with an infected person, officials announced Friday.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) announced the decision at a joint news conference Friday at 7 World Trade Center.
“We have to do more,” Cuomo said. “It’s too serious of a situation to leave it to the honor system of compliance.” 
They said that public-health officials at John F. Kennedy and Newark Liberty international airports, where enhanced screening for Ebola is taking place, would make the determination on who would be quarantined. Anyone who had direct contact with an Ebola patient in Liberia, Sierra Leone or Guinea will be quarantined.
Illinois followed suit later in the day, with Gov. Pat Quinn calling the protective measure “too important to be voluntary.”  Chicago’s O’Hare International is another of the five U.S. airports with the federally mandated enhanced screening protocols.
A medical worker in New Jersey quarantined following her arrival at an airport after treating Ebola victims in West Africa has tested negative for the virus. However, she will continue to be under a mandatory 21-day quarantine under the new policy. (Reuters)
In addition, anyone who traveled there but had no such contact would be actively monitored and possibly quarantined, authorities said.
This news came a day after a doctor who had treated Ebola patients in Guinea was diagnosed in Manhattan, becoming the fourth person diagnosed with the virus in the United States and the first outside of Dallas.
And the decision came not long after a health-care worker who had treated Ebola patients in West Africa arrived at Newark Liberty International Airport. The health-care worker had no symptoms at the time but would still be quarantined, Christie said.
The New Jersey Department of Health announced Friday evening that the unidentified woman had “developed a fever and is now in isolation and being evaluated at University Hospital in Newark.” The woman does not live in the area, but she was planning on remaining in New York, according to Christie’s office.
The quarantines outlined by the governors – which will last for the 21-day period when people infected with Ebola can become symptomatic — come amid calls for quarantining all medical workers who return to the United States from the Ebola-stricken parts of West Africa.
Federal authorities are considering a mandatory quarantine, but they have said that no decision has been made.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has determined that states have the right to determine their own protocols for Ebola screening and quarantine, Cuomo’s office said.
A voluntary Ebola quarantine is not enough. This is too serious a public health situation. pic.twitter.com/SP1q3PnOrY
— Andrew Cuomo (@NYGovCuomo) October 24, 2014
[This post has been updated.]
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

US governors introduce Ebola quarantineUS governors order Ebola quarantine
David Crow in New York and Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c26f24c6-5b88-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IAF asks personnel not to use Xiaomi phones: Everything you need to knowIAF asks personnel not to use Xiaomi phones: Everything you need to know
Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 25 2014, 12:41  IST
Oct 25 2014, 12:41  IST
 

Telcos may raise tariff due to upcoming spectrum auctionTelecom operators may raise tariff as spectrum auction likely to increase debt burden
Muntazir Abbas, ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 08.30AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Trai suggested a reserve…)
NEW DELHI: Mobile phone service companies in the country have warned that they will be forced to increase telecom tariffs after the upcoming spectrum auctions, which is expected to push up their debt burden to about Rs 3,00,000 crore under the current conditions. The telecom sector is already laden with debt of around Rs 2,50,000 crore.
"This increasing debt load will place increasing margin pressures on operators due to higher interest expenses," said Rajan S Mathews, director general at the Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), an industry association of GSM mobile service providers in the country. "These additional costs will have to be passed on to consumers through higher tariffs," he told ET.
Or, the government will have to significantly reduce licence fee and spectrum usage charges, Mathews said.
The government is expected to auction limited quantity of spectrum in the bands of 900 MHz and 1800 MHz in February, despite industry regulator, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai), recently urging it to postpone the auctions till it can sell enough spectrum across multiple bands so as to avoid a scramble for limited airwaves. "Holding auctions as is will set the industry back by three to four years," Rahul Khullar , chairman of Trai, has said.
Industry insiders and analysts predict fierce bidding in the upcoming auctions because incumbents such as Vodafone India , Idea Cellular and Bharti Airtel are expected to do all they can to protect their airwave holdings in the 900 MHz band which are being put up for auction as their permits in certain circles expire in 2015 and 2016.
Research firm Morgan Stanley projects telcos' total outlay at the auction at Rs 39,900-crore for 900MHz and Rs 8,600 crore for 1800 MHz. It expects top carrier Bharti Airtel to spend Rs 16,200 crore to win back airwaves in six circles while No. 3 operator Idea Cellular may have to cull out Rs 16,500 crore to protect its spectrum in nine circles.
Trai recently suggested a reserve price of Rs 2,138 crore per MHz of 1800 MHz spectrum for 20 circles, around 10% higher than the reserve price fixed for the February 2014 auctions. In the 900 MHz band, reserve prices for the 18 circles add up to Rs 3,004 crore, 1.5 times the price of 1800 MHz.
COAI's Mathews said the government could have helped avoid an unnecessary scramble for spectrum by ensuring a 'greater quantity of spectrum' is available for sale, and that the reserve price should have been lower. "Unfortunately, the reserve price was pegged at last actual-discovered cost," he said.
Telecom department officials, however, said it'll be difficult to auction airwaves in all the frequencies in such a short time. The government has budgeted close to Rs 15,000 crore as proceeds for this fiscal from the sale of both 2G and 3G airwaves.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rivals block SMSes from Loop over unpaid chargesRival telecom operators block SMSes from Loop Mobile over unpaid interconnect charge
Deepali Gupta & Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Surya Mahadevan, COO at…)
NEW DELHIMUMBAI: Much of the greetings that Mumbai-based Krishna Gopalan sent from his mobile phone to friends and relatives this Diwali didn't go through. Reason: some rival operators had barred messages from Loop Mobile , Gopalan's service provider for 11 years, because it had defaulted on interconnect charges.
Interconnect charge is what an operator on whose network a call or message initiates needs to pay to the operator on whose network it ends. Currently, it is 10 paise per minute, but the sector regulator is considering raising it. Previously, too, Loop's subscribers have faced similar issues and uncertainty over continuation of its service, with its telecom licence expiring soon, has led many to already move out to rival networks, putting a question mark on a deal by Bharti Airtel to take over Loop's subscribers' and infrastructure. A person familiar with the matter said that if no approval comes through by October 31, the deal would die a natural death.
"I haven't been able to message Idea subscribers for the last 10 days, and Airtel for the last four days," Gopalan said. "They (operators) are treating us like dirt. We don't know who to turn to."
Another Loop customer, who does not want to be named, said the company reassured him that all issues would be resolved in 10 days.
Surya Mahadevan , chief operating officer at Loop Mobile, admitted to interconnect disputes, but with only Idea Cellular , India's No. 3 carrier, and state-run Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd. "This is a commercial dispute, it will be resolved with discussion."
An Idea executive said there had been issues over interconnection charge with Loop but they would be sorted out soon. BSNL executives couldn't be reached for comment.
Several Loop subscribers that ET spoke to said their messages to users of other operators such as Bharti Airtel also haven't been going through.
Sources told ET that Airtel too had blocked communication from Loop's network for some time, but has now allowed calls and messages after Loop made requests to the company. Gopalan said his messages to Airtel subscribers didn't go through until Friday evening.
Loop had about three million subscribers at the time when Airtel entered into the deal earlier this year. Sources had put the deal value at Rs 700 crore. The initial memorandum of understanding was signed in February, followed by a definitive deal in June and the plan was to close it by end-October, but the pact has failed to get any clearance yet from the regulatory authority as well as the telecom department, with both saying that the deal flouts rules.
The delay in clearance has meant that Loop has lost almost half its customers to Vodafone and Airtel in Mumbai, as they willingly ported out knowing that Loop's permit to operate telecom services would expire in November. Porting allows the subscriber to keep phone number while switching between operators.
A person familiar with the development in the Loop-Bharti deal said if the approvals don't come by October 31, "it'll be an MNP (mobile number portability) game". The person was referring to operators like Airtel, Vodafone and Idea targeting Loop's customers to take them to their networks. Airtel is unlikely to pay anything to Loop if there's no approval by October end, as it was the subscribers who held the most value in the deal. Airtel is unlikely to say the deal is off though, this person added.
"I will port out in the next few days," said Gopalan. However, it may not be so easy though as Loop's users are facing issues trying to port out as well.
A local telecom expert said the process of using MNP gateway is fairly simple but customers are not receiving the code required to port out from the Loop network.
Loop customers are receiving "No Service" and "SIM Deactivated" kind of messages and are being directed to Loop Gallery for resolution. Most of these outlets are either shut or have minimal staff who don't have much of an idea of what is going on or how to resolve the matter, said another Loop customer.
Loop declined comment.

Reliance Jio Infocomm hires T mobile executive to head innovationsYou are here: Home > Collections
Reliance Jio Infocomm hires T mobile executive to head innovations
Arijit Barman, ET Bureau Oct 23, 2014, 03.54AM IST
Tags:
Deutschmann
MUMBAI: In a high profile global hiring, Reliance chairman Mukesh Ambani has handpicked the man who was driving digital transformation for over a decade in Deutsche Telekom (popularly known as T Mobile) to head all major product and service innovations in his flagship telecom venture Reliance Jio Infocomm. The appointment has been finalised just months before the much anticipated launch of operations in 2015.
Rainer Deutschmann, 42, is coming on board as the new Chief Products and Innovation Officer of Ambani's ambitious telecom venture. He will be relocating to Mumbai from London after turning around T Mobile's UK operation as its Chairman of its Board of Directors. A German national married to a Chinese, Deutschmann is a Harvard Business School alumni with a PhD in Physics from the University of Munich. After dabbling in consulting with a stint in McKinsey as an engagement officer for the telecom and technology practice, he switched to the industry in 2005 and since then has held several senior positions across strategic and operative positions in the 60 billion euro German telecom giant.
In Reliance, as the custodian for all innovations across its mobile, broadband, digital and technology platforms, Deutschmann will also be responsible for devising the go to market strategy while piecing together the various key elements of software, content and mobile internet. He will be reporting directly to Group chairman Ambani and Manoj Modi, his trusted lieutenant who is spearheading Reliance's re-entry into telecom, said sources aware of this development.
Prepping for its much-anticipated launch, the company is in the final stages of deploying a pan-India, next-generation LTE and fiber-to-home network that will provide both broadband and voice communication services. In addition to network services, Jio will drive various platform initiatives to deliver digital services in key domains such as entertainment, cloud, mobile payment, education, healthcare and connected home.
Deutschmann did not respond to ET's detailed email questionnaire till the time of going to press. But his LinkedIn profile confirmed his new assignment and role.
A Reliance spokesperson said he cannot confirm or comment on queries referring to individual executives. Directionally however the spokesperson confirmed the group's strong focus and track record of accessing the best talent in any domain from across global markets.
"Given our huge growth aspiration, we believe we have pursued a very aggressive talent strategy and have nearly a hundred senior leaders across over 20 nationalities working for us in India itself. In a true way, Reliance represents a global microcosm on its leadership profile while being in India," the spokesperson added. The focus on broad basing its talent pool in Reliance has intensified ever since the conglomerate ventured into consumer facing businesses like retail and telecom. In the past, global CXO level hirings from Walmart and Tesco, for example, have helped steer the retail rollouts and operations.
  Industry watchers agree Reliance would find it useful to leverage a global talent for its new foray. "Given his track record, Rainer finds himself amongst a unique pool of global telecom candidates who have the ability to play a transformational role as a global, innovation-driven business builder. He has consistently demonstrated the ability to create technology platforms that cater to evolving business needs - be it in Mobility, Applications Services," said Vinay Menon, London office head and Global Co-Lead-Technology & Technology at Positive Moves Consulting, a cross border executive search firm.
This is relevant today as telcos the world over are in the race to become future ready. The world is moving from a telecom dominated ecosystem to an internet dominated one and over the top (OTT) players are assuming permanent value chain positions and gaining end user relevance. "The transition is best managed by those operators who have reorganized their leadership on the technology front and put in place technology and innovation leaders who have a blend of business key performance indicators (KPI) and technology KPIs with a strong go to market/customer orientation," adds Menon.
And Rainer has been doing that for T Mobile on a much bigger scale. Even as a Senior Vice President for its Core Telecom Products, he oversaw a product portfolio of 200 products across its core fixed line, mobile, online and IT service product offerings, serving 50 million customers, impacting 30 billion euros revenues and adding 500 million euro new revenues per annum.
From consumer to business communication services such as ip-pbx and video conferencing, value added services like mobile payments, Rainer also closed the search deals with Google and App Store integration deals with Google, Microsoft, and Nokia as part of the Digital Business Unit management team that would report directly into the CEO of Deutsche Telekom.
Reliance Jio (RJIL) is the only telecom operator to hold pan-India LTE spectrum in 1800 MHz across 14 circles and in 2300 MHz across all 22 circles, capable of offering fourth-generation (4G) wireless services. RJIL acquired telecom spectrum four years ago but has since waited for clarity in telecom policy and technology to evolve. But the opetator - the newest entrant in a highly competitive sector - is finally ready to launch its high-speed, broadband or 4G services, taking on rivals including Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India, amid increasing data usage by mobile phone subscribers. While field trials for its services are on, the company expects to start full-fledged services in the first half of 2015 in phases. With an investment of Rs 70,000 crore, the plan is to initially cover about 5,000 towns and cities accounting for over 90 per cent of urban India, a well as over 215,000 villages in India with an eventual target to expand this to 600,000 villages.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP to pick Maharashtra CM on October 27Chief Minister
(Since it is now obvious that…)
MUMBAI: BJP has started preparations on cabinet formation, although the party is yet to elect the chief minister. The party has decided to swear in a small ministry early next week and expand it after proving its majority in the assembly. The swearing-in ceremony is likely to happen at Wankhede Stadium either on next Tuesday or Wednesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to hold a brief meeting of state leaders, BJP office-bearers and parliamentary board members in Mumbai on Saturday. The final decision about portfolio distribution will be taken after his meeting with the state leadership. Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray has also been invited to attend a private function that Modi would preside over. Shiv Sena has already announced that its MPs would attend PM's Diwali dinner in New Delhi on Sunday evening.
BJP's Maharashtra legislative party meeting will be held on Monday, to formally elect the next Chief Minister of Maharashtra and decide the date and timing of the swearing-in ceremony. After clear indications from the Shiv Sena that it would support BJP without any conditions and participate in government, the central leadership of the party has asked state leaders to give an assessment of who should be accommodated in the first list of ministers.
"We are working on formation of the next government. How the Cabinet would be formed is to be discussed on Saturday in consultations with the central leadership. We have not discussed any formula. Some of our allies are talking of 1995 formula or 2:1 formula. But no such conditions have been discussed. I can only confirm that preparations towards formation of the next government are on," senior leader Vinod Tawde said.
Devendra Fadnavis remains the frontrunner for the chief minister's post, but some other contenders continued to claim that other options were still on. Some MLAs indicated that the central leadership will decide the name only a day before the legislature party meets. Some lobbying is still on between MLAs backing different leaders.
"Over a hundred MLAs favour Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari and we have been in touch with the central leadership about this sentiment. They have not yet finalised any name. The final consultations on this will happen partly on Saturday and partly on Sunday. We are trying to convince Nitin Gadkari that he should come to Maharashtra. The central leadership is also in touch with some of the senior MLAs about this," BJP MLA & former state president Sudhir Mungantiwar told ET, though Gadkari and Fadnavis who met in Nagpur have said that there was no dispute between them.
Before the formal ceremony, the party will approach the Governor to stake claim as the largest. Since its n obvious that Shiv Sena would support the new government and participate in it, BJP will not be depending on Sharad Pawar's NCP for outside support. The party has proposed that only 12-14 ministers should be sworn-in initially and later it would be expanded.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fan clubs of CM probables lobbying on social mediaCongress
(Fadnavis has a huge following…)
MUMBAI: The lobbying for the Maharashtra's CM post is going on even in the virtual world, where fan clubs of BJP probables are strongly pitching for each of their candidates against others.
BJP had taken a decision to have a subdued presence on social media to avoid altercations with Shiv Sainiks, who were very aggressive on the web, especially after the split. But that did not hinder fan clubs dedicating pages to individual leaders. CM hopefuls Eknath Khadse, Pankaja Munde, Devendra Fadnavis, Sudhir Mugantiwar and Vinod Tawde have pages dedicated to them on social media run by dedicated groups of supporters.
Sample this: Leader of Opposition Eknath Khadse's fan page says it is dedicated the 'tiger of Jalgaon' who works for welfare of Maharashtra. Posters proclaiming 'Abki baar Naathbhau ki sarkar' and 'Bhaavi CM Nathabhau' fill up the pages. Khadse is called Namonath and portrayed as an 'able carrier of Modi's legacy'.
A letter by a supporter stating , "Only he who has 33 years of experience as a politician deserves to be the CM." and posters of Gopinath Munde endorsing Khadse as the CM are enthusiastically shared by members Maharashra is probably one of the few States where so many leading politicians have their own websites. Jiten Gajaria who heads the social media cell at the BJP headquarters in Mumbai said while the cell ran the virtual campaign for the party and also did a bit of canvassing for the leaders, the rest of the work is done by supporter groups. "Most of them are genuine fan clubs organised or unorganised and they promote their leader."
Similarly, senior leader Vinod Tawde has three pages dedicated to the "vibrant and visionary young leader , who can make the impossible happen." A series of poems in Marathi, and videos celebrate his Maratha background and claim that under his leadership, Maharashtra will surge ahead. With over a lakh likes for his page, a page dedicated to Sudhir Mugantiwar could possibly have the highest number of likes after Fadnavis. But a group also runs a FB page, asking for "Mugantiwar as the next CM.
Devendra Fadnavis has a huge following on Twitter, possibly next only to Pankaja Munde - both have more than 35,000 followers while the other leaders are still in their hundreds.
With a professional to help him with maintaining his account, Fadnavis's social media pages have messages,mostly patriotic and his fan pages chronicle his journey from "Nagarsevak to Pradesh adhyaksh." To saluting soldiers time and again to posting videos of scams, his Facebook and Twitter account look very much like Modi's. The only target in the Congress NCP government and there are videos of how poor lead their lives in Vidarbha to prove his point.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gadkari  Fadnavis put an end to speculation over CM postBJP
(Another possible contender, Pankaja Munde,…)
NAGPUR: Union minister Nitin Gadkari and Devendra Fadnavis , said to be a frontrunner to become Maharashtra's next chief minister, shared a public platform on Thursday — the occasion was Laxmi Puja on Diwali — in an attempt to dispel the widespread impression that the two leaders were contenders for the top job in India's most industrialised state.
"I got him into politics. His father got me into politics. We share a family equation. If I want something from him, I can straightaway ask him. There is no tension or competition between us," Gadkari told reporters at the party office, adding there was nothing untoward in MLAs from Vidarbha coming to meet him at his residence on Tuesday. Media reports had interpreted the gathering as a show of strength in favour of Gadkari for the chief minister's post.
"I am the leader of the party here, responsible for its victory. What's wrong if some newly elected MLAs come to greet me? Some people have expressed their views, but the CM will be chosen by the party through a democratic process," Gadkari said, denying reports that the three-dozen MLAs had demanded that he be made Maharashtra CM. Before the function at the party office, Fadnavis visited Gadkari at his house, a tradition he has followed every Diwali. The two met for almost 45 minutes.
Meanwhile, senior leaders told ET that Fadnavis was almost certain to be appointed the chief minister. Another possible contender, Pankaja Munde, the daughter of the late Gopinath Munde , is said to have agreed to support Fadnavis, who is now in the process of deciding the composition of the Cabinet, these leaders said.
The public display of bonhomie comes at a time when the Shiv Sena also appears reconciled to a diminished role, making it easier for the BJP to form the government.
The BJP legislature party is likely to meet on Monday to decide who will be the next chief minister and the date and timing of the swearingin ceremony. The central leadership of the party has asked state leaders to put together the first list of Cabinet ministers after receiving clear indications from the Shiv Sena that it would support the BJP without any conditions and would also participate in the government.
The 'Laxmi Puja', at which Gadkari and Fadnavis met, has been conducted every year at the Vidarbha office for the last 22 years. It is an occasion when all BJP members based in the city, and MPs and MLAs of the region, come together for a prayer ritual and a feast of homecooked food — a dabba brought from every house. Both Gadkari and Fadnavis have never missed the event, it is said. While Gadkari is known to bring home-cooked aloo-baath, Fadnavis gets puranpoli and basundhi.
This time, Fadnavis got roti and special sabzis, while Gadkari came with sweets. Gadkari sat opposite Fadnavis, cracked jokes with the workers and asked about their families. Fadnavis was seen laughing away at Gadkari's jokes. "It is a usual Diwali for me with karyakartas," said a jubilant Fadnavis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pichai put in charge of Google s major productsSundar Pichai put in charge of major products and services at Google
New York Times Oct 27, 2014, 04.31AM IST
Tags:
(The move puts Pichai, 42,…)
By CONOR DOUGHERTY
Google can be a hard company to keep track of. Just ask Larry Page , its chief executive. On Friday, Mr Page promoted an executive, Sundar Pichai , to oversee every major Google product except YouTube.
The move arguably makes Mr Pichai the second-most powerful person at the company, and is intended to give Mr Page more time to focus on more futuristic projects, according to a person with knowledge of the situation. In a memo on Friday, Mr. Page said that Mr Pichai's empire - which already includes the Android and Chrome products, along with Google Apps like Google Docs and Gmail - will now include Research, Search, Maps, the social media network Google Plus, along with Commerce. He will also oversee technical infrastructure, which is essentially the ever-growing racks of servers and switches that keep all those products working.
The decision was first reported by Recode. The move adds an extra layer of management and gives Google a more traditional corporate structure, according to a person with knowledge of the announcement. In some ways, the position is analogous to a chief operating officer, except that Mr Pichai doesn't oversee typical operations initiatives like sales, finance or the company's legal department. Before the announcement, several different product chiefs reported to Mr Page directly - an unorthodox number of people for the leader of a company that has more than $60 billion in revenue.
Mr Page wants Google to make decisions faster, while freeing himself of iterative decisions - like a new Gmail feature - so he can spend more time on its growing list of big bets. Since reassuming the role of chief executive in 2011, Mr. Page has tried vari ous ways to decentralize decision-making and make the company feel smaller. There is the Google X research lab, where the company is developing products like self-driving cars.
Other times Google has simply put money into newer, smaller companies like Calico, a pharmaceutical company. This week, Google led a $542 million investment in Magic Leap, a secretive augmented reality company that has no products and no revenue but, according to some, could be the basis for a new kind of operating system. Maybe it will, maybe it won't. But the next big thing will come eventually. As Mr. Page's memo makes clear, he wants some time to figure it out.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cement  oil  auto  IT sectors likely to do well in next one year: Nirmal JainBajaj
In a chat with ET Now, Nirmal Jain - Chairman, IIFL Group, shares his views on what lies ahead for the markets. Excerpts:
ET Now: The index has generated 26.5 per cent return so far this year. Will going will be as profitable in the year ahead or do you think money will made but with a lot of effort?
Nirmal Jain: I think money will be made with a lot of effort, but you can make a lot of money than getting 26.5 per cent return in the year ahead. All the positive factors seem to be converging at this point in time. After a long time, we are seeing a Samvat year where there is lot of optimism and enthusiasm. Commodity prices, global crude oil are down after a long time. We are seeing the reforms now after state elections, a lot of decisive actions have been made and in fact a lot more are in the offing. The budget is expected to be significantly reform-oriented. So, all the cues are pointing towards a good market. Nonetheless, there will be corrections, there will be intermittent jitters, some events here and there, but if investors can buy equity and hold on to it, then the next year and maybe next three to five years will be very good. What kind of returns we make will obviously depend on the stocks, but whatever returns we have seen in the past and future can be much brighter. It can give you much better returns.
ET Now: For the next 12 months, what do you think will do well? Will some of the distressed names now start making a comeback because of reforms or do you believe those are the stocks that will actually do well over the next 12 months?
Nirmal Jain: What has changed in the last one year is that a year ago cyclicals were very cheap, the valuation was very attractive. That has been corrected a little bit. So this is a time when you should make relatively broader portfolio. So do not stick to just one sector or one theme. I would say that, among cyclicals, again cyclical is a very large generic broader category where you also have your domestic cyclicals like cement and auto. They are doing very well and you have metals there. One has to be little cautious because of lot of global factors and global economies are not doing well. So, global commodity prices are down. Within defensives also, IT is doing very well. Some of the stock valuations are attractive. Pharma again is a very diverse sector. Some stocks are doing very well whereas others are not. In FMCG also, there has been a bit of correction in terms of underperformance relative to rest of the market. So there can be some stock picking there, but still you can put your larger weight in cement, auto, oil, some of the private banks and maybe the IT sector and slightly lower weight in say FMCG and pharma. Rest of the sectors you can avoid for the time being.
ET Now: Since you talked about IT, let me come to that because we have seen most large earnings actually come out. Wipro was a bit of disappointment. You are seeing the stock already down 4 per cent. Generally it is not really the case in muhurat session with any of the Nifty names. We have seen Infy come out with a good performance but has not been replicated by an HCL or for that matter TCS. With names actually already giving you so many returns, how do you now make that fresh allocation? What should be the deciding factor so to speak when it comes to the IT names?
Nirmal Jain: All the companies that we are seeing in IT, they perform in different sectors and different geographies, different kind of client sets and different verticals. So, one has to be selective. I would say that one should look at Tech Mahindra results and that can be one medium to long-term bet. Even stocks like TCS or Wipro, if they correct, one should watch out because in fact maybe one quarter was not that good. Market is very bipolar at this point in time. The event based reaction always happens. So you can watch out, but again IT is one sector where you have to be very selective. You have to be very stock specific, but then if you look at a two-three-year horizon, then I would say it is a good hedge.
ET Now: I know every year while you are hesitant to give out stock recommendations for obvious reasons, you make it an exception on the Diwali Day. You started off by giving us a large cap idea in Tech Mahindra. Now let us try and figure out what you guys as a house are recommending in the midcap space? One top midcap recommendation from you and why do like it?

Investors staying the course will make moneybull market
(India has had global tailwinds…)
In a chat with ET Now, Hiren Ved, Director & CIO, Alchemy Capital Management, shares his views on the market. Excerpts:
ET Now: Will the next 12 months or this time around next Samvat be as good as this time?
Hiren Ved: Absolutely, there is no doubt about that. Things are aligning so well for India. Starting from 1991, we have always had long periods of very tough macro. Fortunately, despite a tough environment, India is still a market where you can make money, There are a set of companies which are able to do very well despite the tough macro. But there is nothing like having tailwinds with you. That is the difference between what we have seen in the past. India has had global tailwinds between 2003 and 2007, but this time it is a different kind of tailwind. It has not generated so much globally. It is more about things aligning so very well for India. That is probably going to be more sustainable and hopefully over a much longer period of time than just one Samvat year. Hopefully, we have many more such Samvats here.
ET Now: A lot of experts say that the ride is not going to be as easy and smooth as it has been from May, when the new government came into power. Do you get the sense that there will be a lot of volatility in testing times for investors?
Hiren Ved: It has been just a few months from May. Globally, we are in really unprecedented times. There has never till date been a situation where so many countries did QE. While all the countries have done QE, growth goes away after a while. You have to give a drip to the global economy again. The same happened in Japan and is happening in Europe right now. You cannot expect a smooth ride because things are not moving globally. Some of these economies have a structural problem. You are going to have these doses of uncertainty. Then the regulators and the governments and the central banker steps in. India is very well integrated. You can never say that you have decoupled from anything. The ride is not going to be smooth. Everybody is very positive on the Indian markets. This time the difference is going to be the people who are going to stay the course. They will make money. A normal correction in India can happen anywhere from 10 to 20 per cent. A look at the bull market of 2003 to 2007 shows that we had a deep correction in 2004 and then another correction in 2006. All these corrections, which lasted for a quarter or two, were of the order of 10 to 20 per cent. We have not seen anything like that so far. But can you rule it out?
 
ET Now: Is there a possibility of 10 to 20 per cent correction in the next five years?
Hiren Ved: Absolutely. Those are normal market corrections. Whether you will have it now or after the markets have gone up another 10 per cent is a different debate altogether.
ET Now: Can we still see a 10-20 per cent correction, even though everything is working for India and the domestics are all hunky-dory?
Hiren Ved: Absolutely. You cannot rule it out. You will have some risk events that will come up, but it is fine. People who live through those corrections are the ones who are going to take the best advantage of this rally. This is once in a lifetime opportunity that investors are going to get over the next 5-10 years, where you have everything aligned for you. The politics is aligned. It is a reform-minded government. The global liquidity will continue to be reasonably benign because of what is happening globally. At the same time, the commodity prices are softening, which is a big boon for India. India still has to build out its infrastructure and capacities. People who stay the course will make a lot of money.
ET Now: If crude sustains at these levels for the next three to six months, does it mean that inflation will continue to drop?

Pichai to head Google products  servicesPichai to head Google products, services
Reuters | San Francisco Oct 25, 2014 11:14 PM IST
Google Inc chief executive officer (CEO) Larry Page has put Sundar Pichai, one of his key lieutenants, in charge of the internet company's products.
The India-born executive will have oversight over products like search, maps, Google+, commerce, advertising and infrastructure, according to a Google spokesman. Six executives who previously reported to Page, including the heads of research, social media and search, will now report to Pichai, according to Re/code, which first reported the change on Friday, citing an internal memo.
The change will free Page from having as many direct reports and product units to oversee so that he can better focus on "the bigger picture," according to the Re/code report, which also cited anonymous sources.
GLOBAL GURUS
Indian diaspora in important positions at multinational companies
SUNDAR PICHAI: Head of products, Google
INDRA NOOYI: Chairperson & CEO of PepsiCo
AJAY BANGA: President & CEO of MasterCard
SATYA NADELLA: CEO of Microsoft
SHANTANU NARAYEN: CEO of Adobe
RAJEEV SURI: CEO of Nokia Solutions & Networks
RAKESH KAPOOR: CEO of Reckitt Benckiser
ANSHU JAIN: Co-CEO of Deutsche Bank
BHASKAR GHOSH: Group chief executive (technology delivery) at Accenture
PADMASREE WARRIOR: Chief technology & strategy officer at Cisco Systems
THOMAS KURIAN: Executive vice-president (product development) at Oracle
KRISHNA MIKKILINENI: Senior vice-president (engineering, operations and IT) at Honeywell
YouTube, Google's popular video website, will be unaffected by the new structure and will continue to report directly to Page.
The move puts Pichai, 42, in charge of many of Google's main services, including its core search and advertising units, which generate the bulk of the company's revenue.
Google, the world's number one internet search engine, has experienced several high-level management changes this year. Chief Business Officer Nikesh Arora departed unexpectedly in July to become vice chairman of Japan's SoftBank Corp and was replaced by longtime Google executive Omid Kordestani. Vic Gundotra, the head of Google's social networking services, left in April.
Pichai, who has risen rapidly through the ranks since joining Google in 2004, is viewed by many industry insiders as potential CEO material. In addition to his duties overseeing the various products, Pichai will continue to lead Google's Android and Chrome software operating systems as well as Google's Apps business.
PITCHING FOR PICHAI
The 42-year-old India-born engineer has been made incharge of Google's products
Has been the global head of the internet firm's Android, Chrome and Apps for Google globally
Credited with making it collaborative with Google's other businesses
Improved Google's relationship with key partners like Samsung
Was rumoured to be a candidate for the top job at Microsoft, which went to Satya Nadella
Went to IIT Kharagpur before doing an MS from Stanford University and an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania
Worked at Applied Materials and McKinsey before joining Google in 2004

Govt may move to shield e-buyersGovt may move to shield e-buyers
Sanjeeb Mukherjee & Digbijay Mishra | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 10:50 PM IST
Alarmed by the adverse customer reaction to e-commerce giant Flipkart's 'Big Billion Day' sale, the consumer affairs department is considering including e-commerce as a separate section in the Consumer Protection Act, 1986.
Flipkart's sale saw consumers complaining on social media that advertised offers for the 'Big Billion Day' on October 6, were not available on the company's website. Server errors and delivery delays were among the other common complaints. A day later, Flipkart issued an apology to consumers.
According to officials, a move to bring e-commerce into the law's ambit, in the offing since the National Democratic Alliance government took charge, gathered pace after the mess after Flipkart's sale.
STRICTER RULES
AMENDMENT: The Consumer Protection Act to be amended to include e-commerce and misleading advertisements
CURRENT ACT: Covers all trade, except e-commerce
WHEN? Amendments could be brought in the winter session of Parliament
GOVT VIEW: The thinking in BJP is that e-commerce needs to be regulated
THE TRIGGER: Recent mega sales by e-commerce sites like Flipkart and Snapdeal led to many consumer complaints
"Though sales of all types are covered under the Consumer Protection Act, e-commerce is not specifically defined. So, buyers sometimes do not get adequate relief," a senior official from the department said.
He said misleading advertisements would also be included in the Act. "Both amendments - one on e-commerce and the other on misleading advertisements - will be put up for Cabinet approval and the amended Bill will be tabled in the winter session of Parliament," the official said. Parliament's winter session is expected to begin at the end of November.
A section of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is concerned with the regulatory void over e commerce. "E-commerce platforms are unregulated, which sometimes leads to customers being deceived. There should be healthy competition between online and offline trade, and companies should not be allowed to lure customers through misleading offers," Ashok Goyal, co-convener of BJP's traders' cell, told Business Standard.
The Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT), in a letter to Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, also demanded regulation for e-commerce in India. Sitharaman herself had initially talked of ordering a probe into Flipkart's sale but later denied any investigation had been ordered.
According to an executive with a leading e-commerce company, the government's move to specifically include the industry in the Consumer Protection Act is a welcome step. "It will strengthen the industry as e-commerce is evolving. It could also curb guerrilla campaigns by companies."
Consumer rights activist Bijon Mishra said: "This move should have been attempted many years ago."
Flipkart had said it clocked gross merchandise value of $100 million within 10 hours on 'Big Billion Day' sale. Later, rival Amazon claimed it had a 200 per cent jump in traffic on the first day of its week-long Diwali sale. Following major online sales by e-commerce companies, traders have been at loggerheads with their online rivals, though e-commerce is just about one per cent of India's total retail market.
"For consumers, it (protection under law) is a win-win situation, but e-commerce companies might need to alter their processes based on the new amendments," said Rohan Dighe, founder & chief executive of ViralMint, an onsite marketing platform.
(With inputs from Archis Mohan)

Defence panel clears projects worth Rs 80k crDefence panel clears projects worth Rs 80k cr
Ajai Shukla | New Delhi Oct 25, 2014 11:15 PM IST
The defence ministry on Saturday took a major step to address India's critical submarine shortage. A committee has been set up to evaluate which Indian defence shipyards can build six high-tech, conventional submarines under Project 75I at an estimated cost of Rs 50,000 crore. The government has also cleared several smaller projects whose worth, according to ministry officials, totals Rs 80,000 crore. The details of these smaller approvals, though, are not immediately available.
To identify shipyards that will bid for the tender, the high-level committee, under Secretary (Defence Production) G Mohan Kumar, has been given six-eight weeks to screen five public sector and two private shipyards - Mazagon Dock Ltd, Mumbai (MDL), which is currently building six Scorpene submarines under Project 75; Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers, Kolkata; Hindustan Shipyard Ltd, Visakhapatnam (HSL); Goa Shipyard Ltd; Cochin Shipyard Ltd; Larsen & Toubro (L&T) and Pipavav Shipyard.
Highly credible ministry sources say the shortlisted shipyards will be invited to submit bids, in partnership with a foreign shipyard that meets the navy's specifications for the submarines. These include air-independent propulsion; the capability to fire land attack cruise missiles; and advanced stealth features that make them hard to detect.
Project 75I stems from a '30-Year Submarine Construction Plan', approved by the Cabinet in 1999, for constructing 24 conventional submarines in India. Two separate construction lines were to build six submarines each, one using western technology; and the other with Russian know-how. Based on this experience, Indian designers would build the next 12 submarines.
So far, only six submarines are being built under Project 75 - the Scorpenes at MDL.
Further production has remained stalled, with three committees having been constituted by the defence ministry to identify Indian shipyards that can build Project 75I. In 2003, a committee, under a defence joint secretary, cleared L&T and MDL. Yet, in 2008, a similar committee ruled out L&T.
So incensed was the private engineering giant, which is playing a leading role in building India's nuclear submarine, INS Arihant, that its chairman, AM Naik, met then prime minister, Manmohan Singh, to protest. That led to the setting up of a third high-level committee, headed by the National Manufacturing Competitiveness Council chief, V Krishnamurthy, which again cleared L&T and MDL.
Meanwhile, to ensure early delivery, the Indian Navy has pushed for building two submarines abroad, while the domestic manufacturer absorbed technology and cranked up production. Now, in keeping with the Narendra Modi government's 'Make in India' policy, and in accordance with the 1999 plan, it has been decided that all six vessels will be built in India.
Gone too is the impractical United Progressive Alliance (UPA) plan to divide production between two public sector defence shipyards (MDL and HSL) - a device proposed by then defence minister, A K Antony, to keep HSL in business. Instead, a single shipyard will build all six submarines.
The big potential gainer from Saturday's decision is L&T, which is back in contention for winning, single-handedly, Indian warship-building's largest-ever order.
Speaking to Business Standard on Saturday, M V Kotwal, L&T's defence business chief, said: "L&T would welcome any decision to evaluate Indian shipyards for both capacity and capability in building submarines. We have both the infrastructure and the experience in our Hazira shipyard, and also in our new Katupalli shipyard (at Ennore, Tamil Nadu). Most importantly, we have established a state-of-the-art submarine design centre in Chennai and a virtual reality centre in Mumbai, both essential for Project 75I."
Separately, Business Standard learns the defence ministry has cleared the Rs 2,000-crore procurement of two midget submarines, used for special operations like landing commandoes on enemy shores. It is likely that HSL Visakhapatnam, the ministry's newest shipyard, will build these in partnership with a foreign vendor.
In another major decision on Saturday that is loaded with politics, the ministry has cleared the procurement of the Israeli Spike anti-tank missile for the army's infantry battalions to destroy enemy tanks. Ministry sources say the Rs 3,200-crore contract is for about 300 launchers and more than 8,000 missiles. Production facilities will be established in Bharat Dynamics Ltd, Hyderabad.
This constitutes a flat rejection of the US proposal to co-manufacture the Javelin anti-tank missile in India and, unprecedentedly, co-develop with the Defence R&D Organisation (DRDO) a next-generation version of the Javelin. That proposal was made under the Defence Trade & Technology Initiative, a high-level defence channel established to boost defence ties between New Delhi and Washington. With the US lobbying New Delhi at multiple levels, including during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent visit, this is an unmistakeable snub for Washington.
Among other procurements cleared are 363 new BMP-2 infantry combat vehicles from Ordnance Factory, Medak, for the army for Rs 1,800 crore; 761 radio relay containers for army communications for Rs 662 crore; 1,768 railway wagons for Rs 740 crore for quickly moving army units over long distances; and 12 additional Dornier aircraft for the navy, which Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) will build for Rs 1,850 crore.
Speaking on Saturday at the ministry's apex Defence Acquisition Council, where the procurement decisions were made, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley said: "National security is a paramount concern for the government. All hurdles and bottlenecks in the procurement process should be addressed expeditiously so that the pace of acquisitions is not stymied."

US to recognise gay marriage in another six statesThe US government announced on Saturday it would recognise same sex marriages in six more states.
By: Agence-France Presse | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:29 am
The US government announced on Saturday it would recognise same sex marriages in six more states, following an earlier Supreme Court decision not to take up the debate.
The announcement from Attorney General Eric Holder means gay and lesbian married couples in those states will have the same legal rights and federal benefits as heterosexual couples.
The latest decision covers Alaska, Arizona, Idaho, North Carolina, West Virginia, and Wyoming, and comes on the heels of a similar decision last week that extended federal recognition to seven states.
Holder’s announcement “brings the total number of states where same sex couples are recognised by the federal government to 32, plus the District of Columbia,” the Justice Department said.
“With each new state where same sex marriages are legally recognised, our nation moves closer to achieving of full equality for all Americans,” Holder said.
“We are acting as quickly as possible with agencies throughout the government to ensure that same sex married couples in these states receive the fullest array of benefits allowable under federal law.”
The statement said Holder had also determined the government would legally recognise same sex marriages in two states, Indiana and Wisconsin, conducted in June. Court battles over gay marriage bans in those states are ongoing.
Earlier this month, the US Supreme Court snubbed appeals from several states where state-level bans on gay marriage had been deemed unconstitutional.
Marriages in those states had been on hold pending the court’s decision on whether to hear the cases. The ruling means that same sex couples in the five states can now have their unions recognised.
The number of states legalising gay unions is expected to increase.

What is PM Modi s  game plan  in picking Kiren Rijiju as MoS for Home AffairsYou are here: Home > Collections > Visa
What is PM Modi's 'game plan' in picking Arunachal Pradesh's Kiren Rijiju as MoS for Home Affairs?
Shantanu Nandan Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 26, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
Arunachal Pradesh
(The appointment of Kiren…)
A week before Chinese President Xi Jinping visited India last month, minister of state for home affairs Kiren Rijiju addressed a gathering of strategists at leading US think tank, Brookings Institution, based on Embassy Row in Washington DC.
The government of India restrained itself from giving publicity to the event where Rijiju, hailing from Arunachal Pradesh, talked at length about the need to step up border infrastructure in India's eastern-most state which China claims as its own.
In his 40-minute address followed by an hour-long interaction, Rijiju also touched upon issues such as left wing extremism, intelligence gathering, police modernisation, disaster management and food security, but his references to India-China skirmishes ahead of Xi's India visit prompted New Delhi to take that extra precaution.
During Xi's stay in New Delhi, Rijiju was conspicuous by his absence. The opposition Congress questioned why Rijiju was absent in delegation-level talks and also at the state banquet hosted by the President of India in Xi's honour.
"I am sure a day will come when Rijiju in his official capacity will need to visit China and the Chinese authority will say: please come, you don't need a visa," says one of his aides.
There is, of course, a precedent to this: the 1997 visa row when the then chief minister of Arunachal Pradesh Gegong Apang was told he could visit Kunming in the Yunnan province without a visa. New Delhi apparently did not allow Apang to visit China without a valid visa.
Part of Game Plan
Many in the corridors of power say Prime Minister Narendra Modi had a game plan when he handpicked the 42-year-old lawyer-turned-politician from Arunachal Pradesh as minister of state in the highly sensitive ministry of home affairs (MHA).
Among the subjects that Rijiju handles in MHA are police modernisation, visa issues for foreigners, and disaster management.
But he has also been asked to handle border management, which includes creation of new infrastructure on the frontiers.
  Senior minister and former party president Rajnath Singh reportedly gives him enough freedom on issues concerning North-east India. No wonder it was Rijiju, and not any senior minister of Modi sarkar, who announced a fortnight ago the Centre's grand plan to construct a 2,000-km-long road along the McMahon Line from Mago-Thingbu in Tawang to Vijaynagar in Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh.
It's no small project. In the backdrop of hostile terrain, mostly snow-fed, the project cost could run up to Rs 40,000 crore, according to Rijiju. And this border road will be the biggest single road project in the history of India.
China, which has already created allweather road infrastructure in Tibet bordering Arunachal Pradesh, lodged strong protests, only to be rebuffed by New Delhi.
Beijing must have noted by now the moves of this young minister from Arunachal Pradesh. But experts say mere symbolism will not scare away China which in 1962 temporarily occupied parts of present-day Arunachal Pradesh, then called the North-East Frontier Agency or NEFA.
No Impact on China
Ajai Sahni, executive director of New Delhi based think tank, the Institute for Conflict Management, says Rijiju's appointment in the Modi sarkar will have no significant impact on China's orientation.
"The only element that will influence China is India's real military and economic capacities, and the equation of power between the two countries," says Sahni.
Apart from the China angle, Rijiju's placement in North Block is expected to aid Modi sarkar on two other counts. First, he could help woo north-east insurgents into the mainstream and signing permanent pacts with them within the framework of the Indian Constitution.
And, secondly, the presence of a prominent NE face in MHA was expected to curb the menace of racial attacks on north-easterners in metro cities such as New Delhi and Bangalore, a phenomenon that has flared up in recent months.
Binalakshmi Nepram, a NE activist and founder of Manipur Women Gun Survivors Network, says Delhi alone has registered 700 incidents of verbal and physical assault on north-easterners in the last 10 months, making a case for an anti-racial law.
Former home secretary GK Pillai does not think yet another law will help curb such attacks. He advises Rijiju to take steps towards making changes in history textbooks, and in the national anthem. "It's sad that no northeast hero finds a place in our history books.
Also, our national anthem mentions the Sindh or Sindhu which is no longer an Indian river. Why can't we replace it with a river from the north-east?" Pillai asks.
(The MHA in the previous government took the stand that the versions of the national anthem with Sindh and Sindhu mean the same and may refer either to the river or the Sindhi community.)
  Brownie Points

Sunday ET | Why India is important for Holly...Bollywood
(Hollywood studios fear…)
India is not yet a box-office goldmine for Hollywood; far from it actually — the market share of Hollywood movies is still only 10%. Nonetheless, Hollywood studios consider India an important market thanks to a growing audience for its movies and TV shows (the top 10 Hollywood films of the 53 released in India in 2013 made a total of Rs 323 crore and the theatrical growth in India is estimated at 12% a year). Annoyingly for the studios, not every fan watches movies legitimately. But the fight against piracy has lost its sting because Bollywood , which was once leading the fight, is now almost aloof after many of its movies began making Rs 100 crore and more at the box office. That has left the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), a body representing six Hollywood studios, to almost single-handedly lobby for tougher laws on piracy in India. MPAA has also been knocking on government doors to make it easier for Hollywood studios to shoot movies in India. Frank Rittman, MPAA senior vice-president and deputy managing director and regional policy officer, Asia- Pacific, a 25-year veteran in the field of copyright in the music and film industry, says by enhancing its position as a shooting destination, India would be boosting tourism and local economies. As for the fight against piracy, Rittman, who doesn't step out "at night chasing down the bad guys", prefers to educate people rather than clamp down on them. Edited excerpts from an interview with Binoy Prabhakar.
How important a market is India for Hollywood movies?
It is a tremendously important market. By and large, Indian audiences prefer Indian movies. But the country offers great growth potential. More and more [Hollywood] studios are getting involved with local counterparts.
We hardly hear anything about piracy in India. Why is that?
It is actually a big concern. We have historically had a problem with camcording in the region. As recently in 2012, India was leading the region in terms of what we call forensic matches. When we go out to look for pirated DVDs, we could trace them back to the theatres where they were recorded. That said, we view exhibitors as our partners in this respect. The point of identifying perpetrators is that we can go back to the theatres and say, 'Hey, look, we got a problem here.' We did have some targeted investigations which resulted in pretty wellpublicized raids last year. India still ranks high in terms of quantitative measurement in DVD piracy, internet piracy — you name it — because of its [huge] population. But the concerns have migrated towards digital technology and the number of users accessing internet for illegal downloads of movies.
So what is driving piracy?
Online piracy is an ingrained behaviour and to a large degree, it is a generational thing. We are making progress, with young people getting the message. As kids, we saved money, went to the store, bought a record and took it home to listen. Today's kids don't know what that is.
Pirates have always been ingenious. You clamp down on one illegal site or one method, they come up with new ways...
When I joined MPAA in 2001, the single biggest concern in the Asia-Pacific was illegal optical discs. Factories were at work making pieces of plastic over and above any possible legitimate demand. Before that, it was VHS [video home system]. There is a continuous evolution in this field. From old-fashioned tape recordings to DVDs, we have digital files now which can be operated pretty much out of any country with technology that can be set up in such a way that they [pirates] can outdo the law.
How do you fight these evolving methods?
There is no single bullet... there isn't any technological fix that will be 100% effective. No matter what lock you devise to put on the door, somebody is going to get through. Having said that, putting a decent lock on the door will deter 80% of the people. About 10% of the population is always going to [illegally] take the content no matter how reasonably priced it is. They do it because they can. So education is a huge part of how we address our concerns. We are trying to create awareness about the value of the creativity and availability of legitimate content. We can talk about losses suffered by industry but not a lot of people have sympathy. What will resonate better will be messages about what kind of malaware gets into computers when they download illegal content.
Is that to say harsher penalties and longer jail terms don't work?
There are really bad guys profiting hugely from piracy and we need to have the full weight of the government after them. But as far as going after individuals, we and the music industry are aware that is not very popular in public opinion. That doesn't really change things. So what we are really trying to do is change consumer behaviour.
Still, the growth of the internet in India worries you, right?

Olacabs  Uber forcing radio taxis to tweak b...Anand Subramanian
(It’s indeed a do-or-die…)
Hindustan Unilever couldn't kill Nirma," says Kunal Lalani, with an impulsive grin and a customary twirl of his moustache.
"Goliaths might have had it easy in other countries but in India Davids like us won't let that happen," contends the managing director of New Delhi-based Mega Cabs, taking a swipe at the $18.2-billion Goliath — Uber, a taxi booking app.
The Davids, it seems, have drawn first blood.
The Association of Radio Taxis, a body of taxi providers headed by Lalani, rushed to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in July alleging that the San Francisco-headquartered car-sharing service provider Uber was not following the two-step verification process required for credit card transactions and was flouting foreign exchange norms.
The RBI issued an order in August, stating that a local service payment must have a two-factor authentication and be routed through domestic gateways.
As Uber stares at an imminent shutdown if it doesn't tweak its payment model to meet the RBI deadline of October 31, its rivals surprisingly are not gloating over their victory.
Reason: the self-realization of urgently putting their house in order. "Thanks to Uber, it's a wake-up call for us," confesses Lalani. "We need to be responsive and focus on consumer connect or else we will perish."
It's indeed a do-or-die situation for traditional Indian cab operators that have had a bump-free ride so far. Uber has not only shaken up the industry, it has also forced the companies to tweak their business models and quickly slip into reboot mode.
Changing Gears
Lalani, for sure, has stepped on the gas.
Mega Cabs, which has over 3,500 cars across seven cities, has set an ambitious target of taking its fleet size to 25,000 by 2020. In six years, it plans to pump in Rs 4,000 crore, expand to 40 cities, take its revenue to Rs 6,000 crore and leverage more technology in its operations.
Mega Cabs follows an ownership model but of late has been influenced by the assetlight aggregation model that is the USP of apps such as Uber, TaxiForSure and Olacabs. In addition to its owned fleet of 3,500, it also relies on some 700 cabs that it does not own. But clearly it believes in a strategy that is different from the aggregators: of expanding its 'owned car' fleet and working with a committed set of drivers.
Reason: The app-based model is prone to abuse, alleges Lalani. "Tomorrow some antisocial elements can use this aggregator platform to do a lot of things like gun running or drug trafficking. Then who would be held responsible — the driver or the one who is running the app?" he asks.
It's turning out to be a battle between owners and the app-based aggregators, quite similar to the online versus offline retail war that India is witnessing now.
Tech Check
Rajiv Vij is not bullied by Uber and is ready for the fight. Says the managing director and CEO of Carzonrent, which runs Easy Cabs. "Uber is a fantastic opportunity for us to emerge even stronger. We implemented Oracle in 2004-05 when most car rental companies in India were still taking down bookings in long registers," he says. Carzonrent has a 35-member technology team, boasts of a national command centre that tracks every car across India and has an app for radio cabs, car rentals and self-drive. "That's big for a car rental firm that is not a technology company," says Vij, taking a dig at Uber.
Carzonrent started its aggregation model in 2004. Of the 3,500 cars under the car rental business, only 500 are owned by the company. The rest are owned by the drivers who work for the company. "But the aggregation model doesn't mean that you won't pay service tax," he says, taking another jibe at Uber, adding that there are limitations with a foreign brand operating in India.
Vij, who was the master franchisee of Hertz in India in 2008, has assigned his daughter, Sakshi, the task of streamlining the technology part of the business. "We are working on a system to bring down the waiting time for consumers to just 5-10 minutes," says Sakshi, executive director of Carzonrent.
 
On a Fast Track
Uber, on
its part, is unruffled at the belligerent attitude of the cabbies. "Change often brings resistance," says Allen Penn, head of Uber's Asia operations. Uber is bringing something fresh to a sector that is characterised by stagnation, he adds.
For decades, it was commonplace to wait for an hour to get a ride in most Indian cities while drivers' time and gas were used inefficiently, he says.
Penn brushes off security concerns raised against aggregators. When you use Uber's technology, he says, not only are you always connected with a fully licensed driver, you know exactly how far your car is, who is coming to pick you up and the aggregated rating of the drivers based on the number of trips they've completed. "We also have a safety feature in the app called Share my ETA, where a rider can share driver and car details with a friend or family member."

Jharkhand s tribal food: A feast from the wildREAD MORE ON » Sunday ET | Handiva
Tribal food remains largely undiscovered and you may have to travel to Ranchi in Jharkhand for a bite, but the rich flavours and sheer variety guarantee that it’s worth the trip
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
by Preeti Verma Lal
This is meant to be a tribal food story. Forgive me if it begins as a sci-fi. Like a tale of a heathen who steals lightning off heaven to cook a meal in a dungeon. Or, picks frog leaves from the slush pool and throws it into a punched cauldron. Trust me, this one really is a food story.
Not set in dark cellars or creepy caves, though. It is from the tribal heartland of Ranchi, the capital of Jharkhand. Lightning and frog leaves are real. There's a saag (leafy green) called beng (frog). The gourmand, however, waits for lightning. When that sparkling rod of light hits Jharkhand, it is not wicked. It turns benevolent and gives birth to tiny, round, chewy, pearly white phooto (a type of mushroom) with a marrowy heart that hides within the earth's epidermis until the first monsoon shower. At the first pitter patter of monsoon, the tribal pulls out the shovel and scoops the phooto from under the earth's skin. The lightning creates that round mushroom. It does. Do not debate this lightning story. Think of it as real. Phooto is god-sent; no blasphemy, please.
If you want phooto, loosen the purse string. When it first hits the market, it sells for the price of gold. Almost. As a kid, I remember our khansama (cook) washing, dicing and cooking phooto with onion, garlic, ginger, turmeric and salt. The khansama would conclude with a dash of cardamom and black pepper, serve piping hot with parantha.
City of Food
It was for phooto that I was flying into Ranchi. The sky looked glum with grey, the clouds plump with raindrops and hope of finding the tribal mushroom still pulsating as I drove through the main road.
Often, a city's main street bears the burden of its chaos; in Ranchi, it is rife with the aroma of food — samosas and papri chat at iconic Punjab Sweet House; the heady aroma of kebabs mingling with the crunchy whiff of freshly baked biscuits in small eateries. By each bend, there are women selling handiya, the plebeian's Scotch. Every tribal seems to brew this white, tangy, whey-like drink from fermented rice and secret herbs.
Depending on how much you can guzzle, handiya can be a superb tonic or a Bacchanalian nuisance. Drink out of a small bowl and you pay Rs 2; buy a beer bottle full and you shell out Rs 5. If you drink too much, you get mighty tipsy and sway with the breeze!
I wasn't to be distracted. I was seeking authentic tribal food and knew where to find it. In Jungli, the only restaurant in Jharkhand that serves food made the tribal way.
The traffic was maddening, the honks deafening. I was looking for Shree Nand Bhawan, Ranchi's first certified green building, which was once a car showroom and now houses Jungli.
The chauffeur deftly manoeuvres the cows and the car gently slides down into the basement car parking.
I walk up a flight of stairs; the elevator whooshes up to Jungli on the rooftop.
The door opens as if into a jungle. The grass under my feet is green (artificial turf ), the table linen wears leopard prints, the furniture made of bamboo, the colour of the umbrella tarp beige, the menu standing in a twig-frame, the utensils pewter.
In one corner is a tall glasstop table with driftwood legs and a created creek rims the restaurant.
There's purple and yellow lantana, the harshringar leans on the parapet, champa spreads her fragrance languorously.
The Jungli Safari
The greens lend a lush to the space; they also serve a mundane purpose — to block the ghastly under-construction buildings that blemish the view from the rooftop. At Jungli, one can get closer to the skies. There's a machan (a high hideout) with thatched roof standing on gigantic stilts. Walk up the wooden stairs and you'd feel you are in a forest waiting for wild animals!
"Hi." I hear a voice in the jungle. I turn around. It is Durgesh Sahu, the owner of Jungli. A Mayo College alumni, a trained engineer, foodie and a wildlife enthusiast, Sahu looks the kind who'll feast only on champagne and the pickled roe of a sturgeon. What's with him and authentic tribal food? I wait for answers. And tribal food.
Before I could gather my flouncy skirt and settle in a corner seat, I notice chef Sitaram shuffling in haste. There's a pewter thali in his hand and as if in a jiffy, a feast was laid in front of me — eve r ything in pewter or sal leaves and everything tempting. I could hardly recognize the lavish fare; Sahu had to help me with names and ingredients. There's chilka, a rice and lentil pancake which can put any crepe Suzette to shame. Dudku roti is made of urad dal, rice, ginger juice and salt, wrapped triangularly in sal leaves and steamed for 25 minutes. There are fritters made of baby bamboo shoot soaked in water for a week to get the tangy flavour and then deep fried in besan batter. Stale rice soaked in water overnight; deep fried pumpkin flowers. Desserts include dudhori and dhakkan dabba, which could pass off as stout puris swimming in milk. Jungli gosht (mutton) is red like blood and Jungli biryani is garnished with sauteed minced goat meat.
With a spoon in hand, I sat flummoxed, questions about tribal food swirling in my head. "What's the most unusual tribal dish?" I ask Sahu. "Ever tried gonghi chole?" I have a question for a question. Gonghi chole? Ignorant I sure am, I admitted. "It is curry made of gonghi (snail) — these are sweet water snails." Snail on my plate? I flinched. I have seen Europeans devour pails of snails, but never heard of a snail curry. Sahu seems to know all about Jharkhand tribal food. He would. This is not his first foray into tribal food space — the original Jungli was in his Maruti Service Workshop in Booty More, near Ranchi.
I peer into the menu again. There's no phooto. Monsoon has receded; the sky a silent ink black. There's no silver lightning to break the night's monotony. And create phootos. Sigh! On the pewter thali, I scoop beng saag with chilka. In Jungli, it's scrumptious to be wild. And tribal.
Recipes:
Dhakkan Dabba
Ingredients: Uncooked rice: 2 cups ; Chana dal : 1/2 cup ; Urad dal: 2 teaspoons ; Milk: 1 litre ; Green cardamom powder: 1/3 teaspoon ; Utensil: Earthen vessel with cover
Method:
Simmer milk until it thickens. Add sugar and green cardamom powder. Soak rice and both dal for few hours.
Wet grind together into a thick paste in a mixer. Do not use too much water Heat the earthen vessel on a gas burner. Sprinkle water inside the earthen vessel (remember, no oil). With a round big/deep spoon, put the batter in the vessel and cover it with the earthen lid.
After 1-2 minutes, remove the cover. Use a fork to check if it is cooked. Remove and put it in thickened milk. Refrigerate for 30 minutes and serve
Dhuska
Ingredients: Uncooked rice: 2 cups ; Chana dal (black gram lentil): 1 cup ; Cumin seeds: 1 ; teaspoon ; Salt to taste ; Oil to deep fry
Method:
Soak rice and dal for four hours. Wet grind together into a thick paste in a mixer. Make sure the batter is not too watery — it should be slightly thicker than a dosa batter. Add salt and cumin seeds. Whisk the batter with a spoon until fluffy Heat oil in a flat base wok. When the oil is smoking hot, scoop dhuska batter in a round spoon and deep fry both sides. If you want the dhuska very crisp, fry longer Serve with aloo dum (potato curry) or mutton curry.

How Kishore Biyani is remodelling Future Group to take on digital rivals | InterviewAmazon
(Thinking big comes easy…)
I wouldn't suggest we are an ideal organization, but I think we have made the beginning towards building one" Kishore Biyani, in his autobiography It Happened in India
Seven years after India's Raja of Retail penned his entrepreneurial journey — and in the process convinced his elder daughter Ashni that he wasn't writing it, as she feared, "too soon" — Kishore Biyani's "ideal organization" is still a work in progress. By 2007 — 16 years after he opened his first store to sell apparel, Pantaloons — Biyani had done enough in the retail space, and more, to earn the Raja handle.
Read Kishore Biyani's Interview Here
His Future Group was selling food and groceries, apparel, footwear, furniture, consumer electronics, home products, books, medicines, mobiles et al through multiple formats like supermarkets, hypermarkets, malls, specialty stores — and, yes, an online portal too.
Forays into the broader consumption space — restaurants, entertainment centres and even consumer finance and insurance — were all prongs of the group that hit revenues of just over Rs 5,000 crore in the year ended June 2008.
Today, Biyani looks back at the no-holds-barred growth phase with mixed emotions. "Success is very heady. [But] difficult times humble you."
Those difficult times came courtesy of the global financial crisis of 2008.
The Future Group found itself saddled with a debt of over Rs 4,000 crore even as liquidity dried up and consumers tightened their purse strings.
The debt kept rising, peaking at Rs 7,800 crore in 2012. The post-2008 phase was of gritty survival, culminating in the sale of Pantaloon to the AV Birla group for Rs 1,600 crore in 2012; and a series of selloff deals are still in the pipeline.
Over the next couple of years, rationalizing stores became the buzzword and, as things stand today, Reliance Retail is the largest organized retailer — the newly crowned 'Raja', if you will — and e-commerce giants Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal et al have captured the mind space of consumers and the moneybags of investors.
Yesterday's Raja of Retail, now 53, seemingly with a smaller fire in the belly, is watching the new kids on the block, happy that he wrote his tome at the right time — after all, wasn't it Biyani himself who told an investor: "Retail is like riding a bicycle uphill, if you stop pedaling you will slide down?"
Biyani hasn't stopped pedalling. The only difference is that he now wants to ride a faster, larger cycle, a road bike perhaps, that traverses terrains beyond organized retailing and bunny-hops onto the track of food — processing it, marketing it and branding it.
At the same time he wants to throw his hat once again in the ring in which he was one of the first to do so: e-commerce. Don't forget he had set up Futurebazaar.com in 2007 — the same year Flipkart was born.
"He [Biyani] is in the most exciting phase of his career. I have never seen him so engaged and committed," says Shailesh Haribhakti, managing partner, Haribhakti & Co, an independent director of Future Lifestyle. On the board, Haribhakti has known Biyani for over two decades now.
Food for Thought
Last month, prime minister Narendra Modi inaugurated a 110-acre food park in Tumkur in Karnataka, Biyani's first iron in the fire of foodprocessing.
He plans to set up two more — one in Madhya Pradesh and West Bengal each — with the aim of fuelling the foods business into a Rs 20,000-crore behemoth by 2020, from just Rs 1,000 crore currently.
The processed and packaged foods business in India is a gargantuan pie, at Rs 40,000 crore; however, it is fragmented and dominated by unorganized players. In 2012-13, Indian households are estimated to have spent Rs 11,00,000 crore on food.
  For his part, Biyani doesn't see the food foray as a shift from the core business. "I have never looked at myself as just a retailer," he says. "We have always been an FMCG company," he adds.
To be sure, group company Future Consumer Enterprises is present in over 60 product categories, and the plan is to make frozen foods, ready-to-eat and baked items at the food parks. "India does not have home-grown food products that cater to Indian tastes," adds Biyani.
Biyani wants to do to food what he did to retail in the 1990s. "Hopefully, we will be the largest food FMCG company in the country by 2020," says Biyani. His vision is to make Future Group a Rs 1,00,000 crore entity by 2020, with food contributing a fifth of those revenues.
When Biyani took the plunge into retail, Walmart founder Sam Walton was doubtless an inspiration — but not necessarily for the Walmart model. The Future Group CEO has been influenced by Walton's desire to "rewrite rules".
Biyani reckons he's done something similar by creating a unique retailing model in India that has the look and feel of mandis, and takes into account local tastes and cultures. The food venture will follow the similar principles of providing indigenous solutions.

Centre to take up illegal sand mining with states next weekE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Man on a mission: The Shah of BJP comes marching inprint
With the October 19 results relegating the ruling Congress to a humiliating third position in the Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections, and the unprecedented electoral victories wrested by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), a man with a grey beard is relaxing, the morning after, on a worn black faux-leather sofa with his wife and son in a nondescript apartment in the heavily-congested, post-Partition refugee settlement locality of Jangpura, New Delhi.
The 1,200 square feet, second-floor flat is sparsely furnished with middle-class trappings. A puja room prominently occupies a corner of the main hall. The only distinguishing feature of this home in this not-so-posh locality is the posse of armed CRPF commandos, who guard the entrance and closely screen all those who come to visit the rather retiring inhabitant of this house.
Inside the flat, flanked by a huge golden lotus, the BJP symbol, and surrounded by bottles and boxes containing Gujarati snacks and tidbits to satisfy his diabetic cravings, BJP national president Amit Shah sits with a cup of masala tea. The television is on mute as he surfs the news channels, while listening to his wife Sonal’s plans for his 50th birthday, just two days away.
She also talks of the family’s hopelessly delayed move to Shah’s official residence, a bungalow on Akbar Road. Meanwhile, the couple’s only son, Jai (popularly known as Jai Bhai), a businessman, draws his father’s attention to a joke on BJP’s political rivals which has gone viral on Whatsapp and shares his plans for his upcoming February 2015 wedding.
All family discussions, are, however, punctuated by Shah’s busily-ringing telephone. Used to his never-ending calls, the family goes silent as the BJP party president briefs Prime Minister Narendra Modi on government formation in Maharashtra and Haryana and then immediately acts on the advice shared by his mentor, guide and friend of 32 years.
“In addition to the trust we share, our frequencies have matched ever since I have known Narendra Bhai,” says Amit Shah. While Shah’s loyalty to Narendra Modi is beyond doubt, he is also among the select few who can talk candidly to the Prime Minister. Modi is also known to take Shah’s advice seriously.
The only other person in the national capital that Shah shares a close personal bond with is the defence, finance and corporate affairs minister, Arun Jaitley. An introvert, Shah’s relationships in New Delhi are largely with those who stood by him during the October 2010-September 2012 period he spent in Delhi on the Supreme Court’s order to leave Gujarat in connection with the Sohrabuddin encounter case. Exiled from his home state, Shah would work for the party out of Gujarat Bhawan and was often seen lunching with Jaitley at his Kailash Colony residence.
“That case was a Congress conspiracy to target Narendra Modi, who was then the chief minister of Gujarat. The Sangh Parivar and the party came out in my support. Colleagues like J P Nadda, Dharmendra Pradhan and Bhupendra Yadav were in regular touch with me in Delhi and Modi would lift my spirits with his phone calls virtually every day,” recalls Shah.
While the nation-wide slogan of “Congress Mukt Bharat” was given by Narendra Modi during the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the Prime Minister and Amit Shah began working on this mission approximately 20 years ago in Gujarat, much before Keshubhai Patel formed the first BJP government in 1995.
“It was Narendra Bhai, who as the state organisation chief, prepared the first register of party members, followed by training camps for brigades of selected youth workers who would become the party’s future leaders. By 1988, the BJP had occupied the main opposition space in Gujarat. I became chairman of the Gujarat State Finance Corporation in 1995 and turned the organisation into a profit-making enterprise in 13 months. After becoming an MLA from Sarkhej in 1997, I took over the Ahmedabad District Cooperative Bank for the first time and ensured that the loss-making unit declared dividend in just one year. By 2010, the BJP was in control of 16 out of 18 district cooperative banks, nine out of 11 dairy cooperatives and 180 out of 220 Mahila Committees in the state. BJP today controls 27 out of 28 panchayats in the state and 92 per cent of state sports bodies, including Gujarat Cricket Association,” says  Shah.
While the BJP president’s record as Gujarat home minister in the past decade has been a subject of controversy, Shah has been single-handedly responsible for linking all state police stations with courts, forensic science laboratories (FSL), prisons and the home minister’s office.
“After becoming the state home and legal affairs minister in 2003, I focused on scientific investigation, creating a strong legal system and skilled police manpower for better conviction rates. Gujarat opened the first forensic science university and a Raksha Shashtra University for developing policing skills in students. Today Gujarat forensic science laboratory (GFSL) has a databank of 47 lakh criminals and it is mandatory for an FSL team to visit the spot where crime, that can lead to seven years or more imprisonment, has taken place,” says Shah.
It was under Shah that the Gujarat police was able to crack the entire Indian Mujahideen (IM) terrorist network in Azamgarh, Mumbai, Surat and Delhi within 20 days of the serial bomb blasts in Ahmedabad on July 26, 2008.
The blast had killed 70 people and injured 200. While the BJP national president may now be diplomatic in his replies about the issue, Shah had briefed the then Intelligence Bureau chief, P C Haldar, on August 8, 2008, about the IM network and had been instrumental in getting a dedicated team of policemen on the job, entrusted with the task of investigating the local logistics network of the terrorists operating in Gujarat. Following the governance model of then chief minister Narendra Modi, Shah, as state transport minister, increased the border checkpoint revenue by 37% through penalty on trucks carrying more than the authorised load.
The BJP national president’s organisational skills and political acumen were, however, always a patch above his administrative control of the state. Shah was the quiet force behind Modi’s spectacular fourth electoral victory in Gujarat in 2012. Just like his mentor Modi, Shah is a workaholic.
An 18-hour work day without any breaks is common for Shah. Such is his political bandwidth and communication skill with workers that Shah’s micro-management is always done keeping the bigger political picture in mind. His capability as a team leader was proved beyond doubt when he managed to decimate the Bahujan Samaj Party and virtually wipe out the Congress and the Samajwadi Party in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections in Uttar Pradesh, with the BJP winning 71 (and NDA 73) out of the 80 seats in the state.
Despite state party leaders’ agitation at losing political turf to an outsider, Shah, with the help of Modi and the RSS, swept aside all dissidence of caste leaders and made BJP the face of the Other Backward Castes in UP, with no less than 27 Lok Sabha candidates belonging to backward communities, in order to ensure that the Hindu vote remained undivided.
Shah’s habit of staying and breaking bread with party workers, rather than hold meetings in five-star hotels in big cities, has endeared him to the rank and file. Similarly, the electoral strategy for the Maharashtra assembly elections was crafted by Shah after he quietly toured the state for six days, talking to workers and local leaders of the party.
His conviction that the BJP could go it alone in Maharashtra was triggered by a dialogue with a 65-year-old RSS worker about the working of the Shiv Sena-BJP-led Sholapur municipal corporation.
For Haryana, Shah despite pressures to rope in the Haryana Janhit Congress as an electoral ally, chose to have the party fight it out on its own as he sensed a huge wave against corruption in the state.
He sat down with external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj and discussed each Haryana seat and candidate for more than four hours before giving out tickets.
While the BJP Parliamentary Board discussed the merits and demerits of prospective Haryana chief ministerial candidates for nearly an hour last week, it was Shah who forcefully prevailed with Manohar Lal Khattar’s nomination. All the leaders supported Devendra Fadnavis’s selection for the post of chief minister in Maharashtra.
Rather than bask in his electoral victories, Shah worked till 3 am at the party office this week, strategising the BJP membership drive and future electoral battles.
“My next targets are the states of Assam (and other north-east states), West Bengal, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Tamil Nadu and Kerala. We will fight to form government in the coming elections in Jharkhand, Bihar and UP and bring the BJP to states such as Jammu and Kashmir, so that no government can be formed without our support. My party will increase its footprint in the country through saadgi (simplicity), saralta (easiness) and pardarshita (transparency),” says Shah.
For those who know him, this is step three of mission Congress Mukt Bharat.

Panasonic to sell Sanyo TV unit in US to Fu...Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Panasonic Corp plans to sell its Sanyo television unit in the US, which supplies sets to Wal-Mart Stores , to Funai Electric as it steps back from unprofitable businesses, the Nihon Keizai newspaper reported.
The sale of the unit, which ships about 1 million set to the US retailer a year, generating about 30 billion yen ($277.4 million) in sales, will likely be completed before the end of March, the paper said, without saying were it obtained the information.
Shedding the Sanyo business fits with Panasonic's strategy of pulling back for consumer electronics in a bid to improve profitability. The company is focusing on household appliance, automotive devices such as batteries, and other industrial components.
The report did not say how much Panasonic aimed to get from selling the Sanyo subsidiary. Japan-based Funai Electric is already a major supplier to Wal-Mart, selling it Philips and Emerson-branded televisions for its stores.

Narendra Modi wants  Make in India    Digital India  as healthcare improving toolsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Air India evaluating leasing fuel-efficient ...Air India
(While Air India would be…)
NEW DELHI: Aiming at taking growing competition head-on, Air India is evaluating leasing fuel- efficient airplanes like Airbus A-320 neos for itself and Boeing 737 Max for its subsidiary Air India Express over the next three to six years.
While the national carrier would be getting its 18th Boeing 787 Dreamliners in December, it has already started exploring options to lease A-320 neos (New Engine Option) aircraft into its fleet after 2017.
Airline officials said they were looking at leasing the neos by 2017 onwards.
Earlier this month, no-frill carrier IndiGo placed the largest order for 250 of these neo planes which the European aircraft manufacturer Airbus claims to be fuel-efficient estimating that it can save fuel up to 15 per cent. The A-320 neos have a seat capacity of 238.
The officials said Air India was also considering leasing Boeing 737 Max, the new generation fuel-saving aircraft, for its subsidiary Air India Express.
The airline plans to lease them by 2020, though the first of these aircraft is scheduled for delivery in 2017.
On its financial parameters, the Air India officials said these have shown improvement in the first six months of this financial year with the airline's network revenue recording an 11 per cent growth.
The national carrier registered an 11 per cent growth in network revenue at Rs 8,114 crore between April and September, up from Rs 7,289 crore reported during the same period last year.
The airline was able to achieve this despite the period being a lean season when most airlines report a decline in the number of passengers carried, the officials said.
The passenger load factor at 73.5 per cent on domestic and 74.8 per cent on international sectors exceeded the target of 73 and 74 per cent respectively, thus increasing the yields at a time of stiff competition posed by the no-frill carriers and their low fare offers, they said.
During April-September, 89 per cent of Air India's domestic flights met their variable costs as compared to the same period previously. This meant that these flights were able to meet their fuel costs and handling and navigational charges, the officials said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM headed-ACC to select Chief Commissioner of Gurdwara pollsPM headed-ACC to select Chief Commissioner of Gurdwara polls
US technology company fined for underpaying Indian employeesUS technology company fined for underpaying Indian employees
World Bank approves USD 75 mn for pastoralists in Horn of AfricaWorld Bank approves USD 75 mn for pastoralists in Horn of Africa
LIVE: Stage set for Manohar Lal Khattar swearing-intodayKhattar was sworn in as the Haryana CM in Panchkula today. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 26, 2014 10:51 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 5:58 am
Karnal MLA Manohar Lal Khattar , 60, took oath as BJP’s first-ever chief minister in Haryana in a grand ceremony on Saturday. Six MLAs were sworn-in as Cabinet ministers , while three were administered oath as Ministers of State with independent charge. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and top party leaders, including L K Advani, Amit Shah, Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh and Venkaiah Naidu, attended the ceremony, which was held in Panchkula.
Several RSS leaders as well as chief ministers of BJP-ruled states — Gujarat CM Anandiben Patel, Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje, Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and Goa CM Manohar Parrikar — also attended the event.
In pics: Narendra Modi, Amit Shah attend Khattar’s swearing-in
Haryana Governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath to the CM and the Cabinet ministers. Those inducted into Khattar’s Cabinet include Rambilas Sharma (MLA from Mahendergarh), Capt. Abhimanyu (Narnaund), Anil Vij (Ambala-Cantonment), O P Dhankar (Badli), Kavita Jain (Sonepat) and Rao Narbir Singh (Badshahpur).
Soon after taking oath, Sharma told mediapersons that the state government would order a probe into the alleged land scams that took place during the previous government in Haryana. “We shall get a sitting high court judge to probe the land scams that took place in Haryana,” he said.
The Ministers of State who were sworn in are Bikram Singh Thekedar (Kosli), Krishan Kumar (Shahbad) and Karan Dev Kamboj (Indri).
Before the ceremony began, the state government arranged for an SUV for each Cabinet minister.
A separate stage was created to accommodate the remaining BJP MLAs, and various religious and RSS leaders. An unprecedented security cover comprising more than 3,000 policemen was put in place at the venue.
Vij said that “working for the welfare of the people and ensuring inclusive development” would be the government’s top priority.
In the newly inducted Cabinet, all members except Sharma and Rao Narbir Singh are first-time ministers.
Former Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda did not attend the ceremony and claimed that he was not invited . “If I was invited, I would have thought about attending the event. But no invitation reached me,” Hooda said. However, the state government maintained that Hooda had been invited to the event.
The first meeting of the new Cabinet will be held under the chairmanship of Khattar in Haryana Civil Secretariat in Chandigarh at 11 am on Monday.
READ: Haryana govt contradicts Hooda’s claim, says he was invited to Khattar swearing-in
After taking oath, the CM and his Cabinet went to the Haryana Civil Secretariat and held a meeting with administrative secretaries of the state government.
During the meeting, Khattar said that the welfare of the people should be the ultimate aim for each of them. “Apart from continued…

FPI inflows hit $1.5 bn in Oct; reaches $35 bn markFPI inflows hit $1.5 billion in October; reach $35 billion so for this year
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 11.15AM IST
Tags:
Diesel price
(Overseas investors have…)
NEW DELHI: Continuing to bet big on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have poured in $1.5 billion in the Indian market so far this month taking the total inflow to $35 billion since January.
The net investment by foreign investors into debt market was at Rs 12,645 crore ($2.06 billion) between October 1-22, while they pulled out Rs 3,500 crore ($570 million) from the stock market during the same period, taking the total to $1.5 billion, as per latest data.
Market analysts maintain that foreign investors (Foreign Institutional Investors or Foreign Portfolio Investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
Also, they anticipate inflows would continue in the coming months on slew of measures announced by the government.
The Cabinet has given the go-ahead to deregulation of diesel price and also came out a new gas pricing formula. Besides, government has promulgated ordinance for e-auction of coal blocks.
Since the beginning of the year, the net investments by overseas investors into Indian equity markets stood at Rs 79,938 crore ($13.3 billion) so far this year, while the same for debt markets was at Rs 1.3 lakh crore, taking the total to Rs 2.10 lakh crore ($ 35 billion)
Since the beginning of June, FIIs ( Foreign Institutional Investors ) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors .
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of foreign investors into India to over $ 206 billion since 1991. In rupee terms, their investments are at Rs 10 lakh crore level during the period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Female PSU insurance staff may get transfers of their choiceFemale PSU insurance staff may get transfers of their choice
Tussle over CM post may hit BJP s image  fears RSSTussle over CM post may hit BJP s image  fears RSS
Can Congress bounce back from No 3Can Congress bounce back from No 3
Cos having pact with CIL have to send 30 pc of coal by roadCos having pact with CIL have to send 30 pc of coal by road
Live: Manohar Lal Khattar to take oath as Haryana CM today15
0
Chandigarh: 11:40 AM: Anil Viz, Kavita Jain, OP Dhankar and Ram Vilas sharma sworn-in as ministers in Khattar's cabinet
11:30 AM: Om Prakash Dhankar sworn-in as minister in Khattar's cabinet
11:27 AM: Khattar was an RSS worker from 1980 to 1994 and then joined the BJP. Sources say he is a close aide of PM Narendra Modi.
Manohar Lal Khattar was an RSS worker from 1980 to 1994 and then joined the BJP. Sources say he is a close aide of PM Narendra Modi. This is after 18 years that Haryana has a non-Jat Chief Minister.
11:17 AM: PM Modi arrives at Panchkula to attend Khattar's swearing-in ceremony
11: 05 AM: Maneka Gandhi, Vasundhra Raje and Anandi Ben will also attend the swearing-in ceremony.
11 AM: BJP President Amit Shah reaches Haryana for the ceremony.
Bharatiya Janata Party's Karnal MLA Manohar Lal Khattar is all set to take oath as the Haryana's Chief Minister. The swearing-in ceremony will take place in Panchkula at HUDA ground in Sector 5.
1

Cos having pact with CIL have to send 30% of coal by roadCos having pact with CIL have to send 30% of coal by road
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 26, 2014 10:41 AM IST
All consumers of Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd (MCL), including power firms, who have inked fuel supply pacts with the PSU will have to transport 30% of the contracted quantity by road if it is within a limited distance.
"In a major decision taken by Mahanadi Coalfields Limited (a coal India arm), all consumers of Mahanadi Coalfields Limited who have a Fuel Supply agreement with the company, will have to transport 30% of the FSA (Fuel Supply Agreement) quantity by road if the destination point is within 50 km from the mines," according to an MCL spokesperson.
The move, the spokesperson said, would provide major employment opportunities to the land oustees not eligible for employment under the R&R Scheme who can now take up the coal transportation contracts.
This would also benefit the local coal transporters and other allied works with higher quantum of work, the spokesperson said.
"The scheme saw the light of the day due to active support from CIL and the Coal Ministry," he said.
Coal India is a holding company with seven wholly-owned coal producing subsidiaries, including MCL. State-owned Coal India has so far signed 162 fuel supply agreements (FSAs) with power plants.
The government had earlier directed the coal major to sign supply pacts with power projects of 78,000 mw capacity. As many as 172 FSAs are to be signed in this regard.
Two deadlines set for the signing of FSAs by CIL with the power producers could not be adhered to. The government had set the deadline of August 31, 2013 for signing of FSAs, which could not be met. The second deadline was set for September, last year.

Peak power deficit in Apr-Sept 2014 at 4.7%: CEAPeak power deficit in Apr-Sept 2014 at 4.7%: CEA
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 26, 2014 10:30 AM IST
Country's peak power deficit in the six months ended September 2014 stood at 4.7%, according to official figures.
As against a peak power demand of 1,48,166 MW during April-September as much as 1,41,160 MW was met, leaving a deficit of 7,006 MW, as per the data by the Central Electricity Authority (CEA).
The peak power deficit - shortfall in electricity supply when demand is at the maximum - in the same period last year (April-September 2013) stood at 4.2%.
North-eastern region was the worst sufferer with 11.3% deficit followed by Southern region with 8.7% shortage and Northern region with 8.3% shortfall, during the period (April-September 2014).
The peak power requirement of the north-eastern region comprising Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland, was at 2,380 MW of which 2,112 MW was met. During the same period of last year, the region had a shortfall of 8.2%, the data said.
South Indian states of Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Karnataka required electricity to the tune of 39,094 MW of which the supply was at 35,698 MW. Last year, the region's deficit was 12.5%.
North India -- Delhi, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu & Kashmir, Punjab, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand -- required 51,977 MW of power during the six-month period, while it received 47,642 MW. The region's last year deficit was at 6.9%.
This year, country's eastern region including states of Bihar, West Bengal, Jharkhand and Odisha stood at the bottom of the list of peak power deficit regions. They reported a shortfall of 286 MW or 1.7%. As against the demand of 16,628 MW, the supply stood at 16,342 MW, as per the data.
CEA, the techno-economic clearance body under the Ministry of Power, is also engaged in setting generation targets and other milestones for the power utilities.

Mutual Funds invest Rs 23Kcr in debt in Sept; total Rs 5 lakh cr in 2014E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ebola.com domain sold for more than $200 00022
0
Washington: The owners of the website Ebola.com have scored a big payday with the outbreak of the epidemic, selling the domain for more than $200,000 in cash and stock.
The deal highlights the rewards and risk of industry trading and speculating in domain names that see high interest following news events.
According to a securities filing, the buyer was a Russian-registered firm called Weed Growth Fund, previously known as Ovation Research.
The deal highlights the rewards and risk of industry trading and speculating in domain names that see high interest following news events. ( An elderly man using a computer , via Shutterstock)
#domain names #ebola #internet
The October 20 filing said the price was $50,000 cash and 19,192 shares of Cannabis Sativa worth close to $170,000, which promotes medical uses for marijuana.
The reasons for the sale were not clear but Cannabis Sativa chief and former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson has publicly said he thinks marijuana may be used to treat the deadly disease.
The seller was Nevada-based Blue String Ventures, which describes itself as an "Internet real estate investment and branding" company.
"If you are looking for a great name for your company there's an excellent chance we can help," the company says on its website.
Some of its holdings have included Africanmango.com, Fukushima.com and RaspberryKetones.com.
The Ebola.com website contains articles offering facts and frequently asked questions about the disease, which has infected almost 10,000 people worldwide, killing nearly 4,900.
2

Modi govt to rope in external candidates for IASModi government readies to rope in private expertise from industry & academia for IAS
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 10.28AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(By March 15 2015, DoPT will…)
NEW DELHI: Narendra Modi pledged to break up the established order during his election campaign — among his targets were corruption, black money, crony capitalism and the freeze on development. While he's been busy ticking items on his to-do list, one more can be added to this — the lock that the Indian Administrative Service has on key appointments.
The Modi government is preparing a policy note on throwing its doors open to private expertise from industry and academia.
By March 15 next year, the Department of Personnel & Training (DoPT), which comes under the direct charge of the prime minister, will draw up a framework on the process for getting candidates from "industry, academia and society" to compete for senior administrative posts. This could mean corporate executives as well as leading economists and academics joining the government.
Former cabinet secretary TSR Subramanian, himself a retired IAS officer, welcomed the move. "The government needs experts in the field of information technology and environment for certain posts — people who know water issues, air pollution and forests," he said.
"It is a multi-disciplinary government, which needs people from all disciplines — not just the civil service. We need administrators as well as managers," said Subramanian.
And what does he think of the resistance that is bound to come from the IAS lobby? "The country is larger than the IAS cadre," he added.
Only a prime minister with a clear political mandate, such as the one Modi has, can attempt to make headway on this, given the IAS lobby's influence. Key regulatory posts, such as the one for the telecom industry, have been filled by a succession of former IAS officers.
Reserve Bank of India governors were former IAS officers for many years until economist Raghuram Rajan was appointed last year amid stiff opposition from some in the top echelons of the civil service. A fresh Results Framework Document (RFD) released by DoPT on October 21 for 2014-15 incorporated the new target that it said was part of the BJP election manifesto.
ET was the first to report on June 29 that ministries were preparing fresh RFDs for 2014-15 to align these with the party's poll pledges.
The move could possibly break IAS' hegemony over the posts of joint secretary and additional secretary or even more senior designations, levels at which important decisions are taken.
The number of lateral entries into the government has nearly dried up in the past two decades, the previous notable ones being Manmohan Singh, Montek Singh Ahluwalia and Vijay Kelkar.
The personnel department's new RFD points out that the Second Administrative Reforms Commission (ARC) in 2008 as well as the Sixth Pay Commission in 2006, both during the previous government's tenure, had recommended widening the pool of candidates for selection to senior positions by allowing people outside the government system to compete for them. The Second ARC proposed lateral entries by opening the senior management cadre of additional secretary to aspirants from the private sector who could bring new skills to the government.
"Additional secretary is a leadership position from which one can aspire to reach the rank of secretary," the Second ARC had said.
The government may consider the creation of a Senior Executive Service (SES), as recommended by the Second ARC, which described it as a common theme in the countries that have embarked upon reform of the bureaucracy in the past three decades. Such SES cadres are in place in Australia, Belgium, New Zealand, the UK, Netherlands and the US. The idea is to pick a small group of people for SES from which high-level government appointments can be made.
This group is open to applicants from outside the civil service as well as to serving officials and is carefully chosen on the basis of open advertisements and well-publicised talent searches. Such people are employed on contract and at higher salary levels than would be the normal course. Career progression in SES is determined by performance, the Second ARC report said.
A top DoPT official told ET that the idea was to "look beyond the civil service for candidates from the private sector with domain competency and experience" and cited the work done by former Infosys chief Nandan Nilekani in setting up the Unique Identification Authority of India and making Aadhaar a reality.
  The Second ARC report had pointed to the pitfalls of sticking to the status quo. "The assurance of a secure career path has been held to be the career-based system's biggest lacuna. The weakness in practice is seen to have been compounded by a heavy reliance on seniority, an inadequate annual reporting system and frequent transfers. It has discouraged initiative by reducing competition in the higher echelons of government," the ARC report said, stressing the introduction of an element of competition in top-level appointments.
The Sixth Central Pay Commission had also said that certain posts in the Senior Administrative Grade and Higher Administrative Grade requiring technical or specialised expertise and not covered by the civil service cadres should be opened to suitable officers within the government as well as outsiders on contract.
"Shift from career-based to post-based selection in the higher echelons of government in order to get the best domainbased expertise," the Sixth Pay Commission had suggested.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt tells PSUs to speed up board-level appointmentsCentral Public Sector Enterprises
(Govt took note of complaints,…)
NEW DELHI: Last-minute complaints should not derail elite board-level appointments in the Central Public Sector Enterprises , the Narendra Modi government has stipulated in an effort to check the tendency of complaints being filed to scuttle chances of prospective candidates.
"It has been observed that the timelines prescribed for processing the proposals for appointments to Board level posts in CPSEs are not being adhered to. The resultant delay in filling up the board-level vacancies has been a matter of serious concern for the government," the Department of Personnel and Training said in a circular on Friday, asking the Public Enterprises Selection Board to start the selection process a year in advance of any upcoming vacancy at the board-level in CPSEs and send its recommendations of candidates to the relevant ministry six months before the date of vacancy.
The government has also taken strong note of complaints, mostly anonymous, being filed at the last minute, apparently at the instance of bureaucrats who missed out, to scuttle chances of prospective candidates and hence delay the process.
"No cognisance should be taken of any complaint received within six months prior to the initiation of the selection process. For this purpose, the date of interview held by the PESB would be the crucial date, six months prior to which no cognizance would be taken of complaints received against the selected candidates. Such complaints therefore should not have any bearing on the ACC process and would not prejudice the same," the DoPT circular says. It said such complaints be dealt separately and necessary action be taken in the event of any adverse conclusion even after the appointment is made.
However, while submitting proposals of prospective candidates for the consideration of the Narendra Modi-led Appointments Committee of Cabinet, the relevant Ministry shall provide the complete details of cases/complaints, if any, pending against the selected candidate and their specific views regarding the gravity of the allegations and the culpability of the concerned candidate, the DoPT has specified. The government has also said that in case vigilance clearance is not denied or granted by the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) within a two month period as stipulated under the new timelines by Friday's DoPT circular, the Ministries shall proceed with the appointment process, "without waiting any further", thereby treating it as a deemed clearance. The Cabinet Secretariat will oversee that the prescribed timelines are met.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt employee can t seek promotion after refusing it: SCemployee
(SC set aside the order of…)
NEW DELHI: A government employee, whose promotion is canceled owing to his refusal to accept it, cannot ask for it at a later stage, the Supreme Court has said.
The apex court set aside the order of the Madhya Pradesh High Court which had directed the state government to restore the promotion of one of its employees whose promotion was cancelled after he turned down the offer as he did not want to get transfered to some other place.
"As we find that it is the respondent himself who is responsible for cancellation of the promotion order as he did not join the promoted post, the impugned order of the high court is clearly erroneous and against the law," a bench headed by Justice J Chelameswar said.
The court passed the order on an appeal filed by Madhya Pradesh government challenging the high court order.
The government had submitted that the high court failed to consider that Ramanand Pandey himself sent back the promotion order and continued on his post and approached the court after two years when it cancelled his promotion.
It said that at the time of promotion, Pandey was posted in Bhind district where he remained for almost 15 years and his intention was to stay at that place only.
The apex court, after hearing both sides, quashed the high court order.
"It is clear that he wanted to remain in Bhind district, where he had continued since 1990, as he was ready to go on leave instead of joining the place of transfer. Moreover, for more than two years from the date of cancellation of the order of promotion, the respondent kept totally mum and maintained stoic silence.
"There was not even a semblance of protest as to why his promotion order was cancelled or that he wanted to join the promotion post after the alleged inquiry into the so-called complaint was over. He filed the writ petition on October 24, 2008, i.e. almost two years after cancellation of his promotion order," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Money making ideas by experts for Samvat 2071You are here: Home > Collections > Samvat
Money making ideas by Raamdeo Agrawal, Nirmal Jain & Hiren Ved for Samvat 2071
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Oct 24, 2014, 04.27PM IST
Tags:
Bajaj Auto
(If Indian markets are on…)
NEW DELHI: Leading investment gurus have turned positive on the Indian markets, and some of them of them even see it getting re-rated in the next one year, as reforms pick up pace and growth bounces back.
India is pretty much on track to get rerated, says Sunil Singhania , CIO Equity, Reliance Mutual Fund. "We are entering into a phase which is making India stand out. During the last four-five years in India, it was the reverse of the world," he said.
"The last 10-15 days of volatility, that we witnessed across the globe, was largely because of concerns that growth is slowing down, interest rates are rising and in India on the contrary wholesale price index has fallen to 2.5 per cent. So, in India we are seeing a big sort of standing out as far as macro-economic factors are concerned," said Singhania.
Samvat 2071 is beginning with India being in a sweet spot. It means India has a stable government with mandate to take bold decisions to prop up the economy , crude oil prices are declining (Brent trading below 85/barrel against $101/barrel a year back) and inflation is falling, which supports the argument.
If the Indian markets are on track to hit fresh record highs in Samvat 2071, the next big questions is: where should one invest? Which sectors to focus on and what stocks to pick?
Most experts are of the view that stocks in cyclicals, financials and pharma sectors will hog the limelight in Samvat 2071. More so cyclicals because of the reform push by the Modi government .
Experts see value in the markets even though we might have rallied over 27 per cent so far in the year 2014 for the next one year, despite global concerns.
"India is still a market where you can make money despite a tough environment , because there are a set of companies which are able to weather tough macros and still do very well. But there is nothing like having tailwinds with you and that is the difference between what we have seen in the past," said Hiren Ved, Director & CIO, Alchemy Capital Management.
"Cleary, auto is a leader of the pack in this bull market. They will also be one of the big beneficiaries of interest rate cuts down the line. I mean this sector does well typically in the early cycle, because it has got huge operating leverage," he added.
We have collated a list of ideas from industry experts on stocks and sectors for this Samvat 2071:
Raamdeo Agrawal, Managing Director & Co Founder, MOFSL
I can tell you about a particular set of companies in the auto pack. We are in an amazing situation in terms of auto companies, whether it is two-wheeler companies such as Bajaj Auto and Hero MotoCorp. In telco, it is Mahindra & Eicher. But the best of the auto boom is ahead. Just see the sales which have happened on the Dhanteras Day.
We are going to see some interesting times in the next five years for the auto pack. So one should have at least 20-25% of one's portfolio into these stocks, whether it is Maruti, Hero or Bajaj. You can have your pick, but you must have 20-25 per cent in auto per se and not much in ancillary, except for Bosch.
Nirmal Jain - Chairman, IIFL Group
In the IT space, one should look at Tech Mahindra . That can be one medium to long-term bet and even stocks like TCS or Wipro , if they correct. The market is very bipolar at this point in time, the event-based reaction always happens. So you can watch out. But, again, IT is one sector which, if you look at it from a two or three-year perspective, would be a good hedge.
In the midcap space we like Bajaj Finance . It is an NBFC that is doing very well. Performance has been extremely good and the sector also looks very promising. You can also look at stocks like Motherson Sumi in the auto ancillary sector or you can look at Havells India .
Amongst large cap or midcaps, investors can look at companies like Hero Honda and Maruti Suzuki in auto and in cement you can look at stocks like JK Lakshmi or even UltraTech Cement . One can build portfolio with these kinds of stocks.
Hiren Ved, Director & CIO, Alchemy Capital Management
The auto sector is a good bet. We have exposure in Hero MotoCorp in the two-wheeler space. We have Maruti in the four wheeler space and we have Tata Motors , which is a combination of a global play and a CV play in India. So, all the three will do well over a period of time.
The best valuation play today is Tata Motors. I mean in the entire Nifty you cannot get a stock which is still trading at single digit PEs on a forward basis. So that is where from a valuations perspective, there is a lot of juice left in that name. Use correction to enter the stock.
In the PSU space, even though we have not ventured there much, but there are certain better banks like SBI and BOB which we have looked at. They look much better than the other ones.
From a three to four-year perspective, we like Sundram Fasteners within the ancillary space, which is something that we bet on. Again that plays in very well if there is a CV cycle recovery. The company will do extremely well and at the same time they also have operations in China, in Germany , that were not doing well.
In the logistic space we like Gati . That is another stock that we have invested in. Again, I must mention here for the record that in all these companies we do have exposure for our clients in the portfolio management schemes as well as for ourselves. So that is a SEBI disclosure that I would like to keep.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Big gains ahead: Will Samvat 2071 be a year of retail investorsAmfi
(Indian markets breached…)
NEW DELHI: Everything seems to be working great for the Indian markets, which rallied over 26 per cent in Samvat 2070, fuelled by strong global liquidity and a reform push by the newly elected Modi government.
But is it enough to bring back retail participation into the markets? Well, the answer might not be a simple yes or no. However, the recent data does point towards the fact that participations has increased via the mutual fund route.
The Indian markets breached important resistance levels on the upside to touch record highs in Samvat 2070, and a similar action is forecasted for Samvat 2071 by investment gurus.
The S&P BSE Sensex rallied over 26 per cent in the last one year or from Samvat 2070. Apart from the last one month or so, FIIs had been buying heavily, but retail participation has been low, said S.K. Goel, Director , Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
Equity contribution to domestic savings has been at its lowest at 0.5 per cent. It was around 10 per cent during the peak period of Harshad Mehta days and also in 2007, say experts.
"The reason for this is the big bear market from 2008 to 2013 which devastated the retail investors. Now that the market has been acquiring higher peaks, we can see retail investors coming back gradually," added Goel.
Having learnt the lesson hard way, retail money is likely to come through mutual funds which have seen a rise in the inflows. Goel is of the view that we are likely to witness a rise in the retail flow into the market this year.
Equity mutual fund schemes have turned attractive with investors putting in a staggering Rs 34,000 crore in them during the first half of 2014-15, PTI said in a report last week.
As per the latest data available with the Association of Mutual Funds in India ( AMFI ), investors have pumped in a net amount of Rs 33,790 crore in equity-oriented MF schemes in the April-September period.
With the stock market hitting new all-time highs, it has become easier for MFs to attract investors, added the report, citing impressive returns from equity schemes which are currently higher than that of bank fixed deposits.
Both the Sensex and the Nifty , which hit new lifetime highs of 27,354.99 and 8,180.20, respectively, during the year, have had their best performance since Samvat 2065.
"I think one can make a lot of money and more than 26.5 per cent in the year ahead. All the positive factors seem to be converging at this point in time. After a long time, we are seeing a Samvat year where a lot of optimism. A lot of enthusiasm is there and the commodity prices (crude) are down after a long time," said Nirmal Jain, Chairman, IIFL Group.
"We are seeing the reforms now after the state election. Lots of decisive actions have been made and in fact a lot more is in the offing. Nonetheless, there will be corrections, there will be intermittent jitters, some events here and there, but if investors can buy equity and hold on to, then the next year and maybe the next three to five years will be very good," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jharkhand ruling coalition partners to hold parleys ahead of assembly pollsPress Trust of India | Oct 25, 2014 at 10:59pm IST
Ranchi: Leaders of ruling alliance partners -JMM, Congress and RJD - on Saturday said they would again meet to discuss pre-poll alliance shortly, hours after the Election Commission announced dates for Jharkhand Assembly elections.
"It will be clear within three/four days after discussions," JMM General Secretary Suprio Bhattacharya said when asked on whether the party would go for pre-poll tie-up.
"We are ready for the elections under the leadership of Chief Minister Hemant Soren and under the direction of Guruji (JMM president Shibu Soren)," he added.
The JMM-led government, supported by RJD and Congress along with smaller parrties and independent MLAs, is ruling the state from July 2013.
RJD leader and Jharkhand Water Resources Minister Annapurna Devi said her party was ready for alliance with the ruling parties and "final touches" on seat adjustments would be made in three/four days.
"Talks have already begun and the status will be known within three/four days after final touches on seat adjustment is given," Devi said.
Stating that the RJD workers have submitted a list to contest 25 seats to the party to contest, she said, "We know we won't get that many seats. But we will place 15 to 20 winnable seats."
Jharkhand PCC General Secretary Alok Dubey said the party convened an extended working committee meeting on October 27 and a detailed report would be handed over to party high command.
The JMM-led government, supported by RJD and Congress along with smaller parrties and independent MLAs, is ruling the state from July last year.
Along with Jammu & Kashmir, polling in Jharkhand will be held in five phases - November 25, December 2, 9, 14 and 20,and counting of votes will be done on December 23.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Airbus may partner with Tatas for defence ai...Airbus may partner Tatas for manufacturing defence transport aircraft
By Sidhartha & Surojit Gupta, TNN | 26 Oct, 2014, 01.17AM IST
0
Share More
READ MORE ON » Tata Sons | Tata Group | India Air Force | FDI in defence | Defence Sector | Airbus
Airbus is likely to tie up with the Tatas to manufacture transport planes for the defence sector, sources familiar with the development said.
In pic: A flight test engineer holds an Airbus Group flag after the first flight of the Airbus A320neo in Colomiers near Toulouse.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: French aircraft giant Airbus is likely to tie up with the Tatas to manufacture transport planes for the defence sector, sources familiar with the development told TOI.
The planned partnership is likely to mark the first big-ticket entry after the Narendra Modi government raised the FDI limit in defence production to 49% from 26% to boost domestic manufacturing and reduce outgo of foreign exchange.
The proposed entry of Airbus in partnership with the Tatas puts at rest doubts that were expressed when the sector was opened up. The government had faced criticism for not allowing majority control for foreign partners and there was an apprehension that global majors might stay away.
India Air Force has plans to replace its Avros aircraft, and the Airbus-Tata combine is one among several groups that are expected to bid for the contract. An email sent to a Tata Sons spokesperson did not elicit any response.
Several Indian companies ranging from Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Industries to the Mahindras and Bharat Forge have entered the defence industry but the Tata Group seems to have taken an early lead in a segment hitherto dominated by imports.
The government has embarked on a "Make in India" campaign to ensure that the country emerges as a global hub for low-cost quality manufacturing; the defence sector is a key element in this strategy.
In August the Union cabinet approved raising the FDI in the sensitive defence sector and opened up railway infrastructure to foreign firms. The cabinet had also decided that FDI beyond 49% would be allowed in state-of-the art defence equipment manufacturing, with technology transfer under Indian control and management.
Technically, this means 100% FDI is allowed, but sources said this has been the position since 2002. As a safeguard, the Cabinet Committee on Security will approve such proposals. Sources also said that FDI up to 24% would be allowed via the automatic route.
Headquartered in Toulouse, Airbus has had close links with India, a key market for planes, for a while now. In 1988, Airbus struck a deal with Hindustan Aeronautics Limited for the Indian PSU to manufacture passenger doors for the A320 aircraft. In addition, Airbus India Engineering in Bangalore employs 350 local engineers working in engineering design and innovation activities; the number working directly or indirectly on Airbus programmes has reached some 5,000 Indian jobs, according to the company's website.
Tata Advanced Systems Limited (TASL), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tata Sons, is the strategic aerospace and defence arm of the Tata group. It has a tie-up with US helicopter manufacturer Sikorsky.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

All parties come to me  all get same blessings. There is no specialblessingDera Sacha Sauda’s Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh says 'we teach our followers that we all are human beings and nobody is above anybody'.
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Posted: October 26, 2014 5:37 am
Merely a few days before Haryana went to polls, the Dera Sacha Sauda publicly announced support for the BJP. What was the reason for this?
The political affairs wing of Dera devotees and representatives of all the followers of the Dera Sacha Sauda had several rounds of consultations. A consensus evolved that those who undertake good, socially productive deeds and those who stand by the Dera’s humanitarian programmes will be supported. This was a unanimous decision, and it swept that party to a win.
It was also probably the first time that you and your family voted.
The children insisted that they wanted to vote. So, on the spur of the moment, we all went to vote.
You claim that the Dera is apolitical and yet most politicians in the region come to you for blessings.
All political parties come to me, be it the Congress, BJP, BSP etc. Many politicians come to seek my blessings, but believe me, all of them get the same blessings. There is nothing like a ‘special blessing’ for a politician. I only tell them to ban alcohol, eradicate drug menace and live among the people of their constituencies. If they want my support, they should first give me an affidavit they will ensure all such things. Many politicians give me promises, but chicken out from giving affidavits.
Recently there was a controversy over a Dera branch in Kerala.
It was wrong to say we had purchased land in Kerala. There were some talks but we never bought any land. We go to various places to deliver lectures and religious discourses… people approach me. When we went to Kerala, it was shocking to see people queuing up outside liquor vends. Nobody fights with anybody for his turn there, because they know that even the last man will surely get alcohol.
What is the film in which you are starring about?
It is sugar-coated quinine. Youngsters cannot be given bitter medicine, thus we have sugarcoated the social message with entertainment. I have myself performed all the stunts in the movie. The aim was to show that if at this age, I can remain fit enough to perform such stunts, why cannot our youngsters? I do not consume alcohol and I am a complete vegetarian. Youngsters should also do the same… There is a sequence in which girls receive training in martial arts. This will deliver a strong message to all those with daughters to ensure they get martial arts training.
You claim you do not force anybody to convert from his/her religion. Yet all Dera followers suffix Insaan to their name and wear a locket with your picture in it.
We do not force anybody to change his/her religion. In continued…

Govt may set up SPV for Ken-Betwa river linking projectGovt may set up SPV for Ken-Betwa river linking project
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Taking a cue from the Polavaram Project Authority, the Centre is considering creating a special purpose vehicle for implementing the Ken-Betwa River Linking Project.
Touted as the first project to be taken up under the NDA government’s ambitious plan to interlink rivers of the country, the project envisages diversion of surplus water from the Ken basin to the water-deficit Betwa basin.
The works for it would involve the two neighbouring states of Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.
“Both the state governments have in principle given their consent for creating an SPV for the project,” a source in the Water Resources Ministry said.
Besides, the Ministry of Environment and Forests has given its nod for the holding of the Environmental Impact Assessment Study for the project, the source said.
“As part of it, a public hearing would be conducted. However, the date for the hearing has not yet been finalised,” the source said.
The project would have a dam on Ken river along with a 221-km link canal.
It is estimated that the project would provide annual irrigation for 6.35 lakh hectares and supply drinking water to 13.42 lakh people. It would also facilitate generation of 78MW hydropower in Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.
Conceived in two phases, the first phase of the project would benefit the two states, while Phase II would be confined to Madhya Pradesh.
Water Ministry sources said there are plans for implementing both phases at the same time.
The Ken-Betwa link is one of the 16 river linking proposals under the Peninsular Component of the National Perspective Plan (NPP) for water resources development for which the feasibility report was prepared by National Water Development Agency.
The Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the project was prepared in two phases, which is 2011 and early 2014, respectively.
It may be recalled that the government has created a special purpose vehicle for the Polavaram Multi-Purpose project in Andhra Pradesh.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

AP inducts PwC as facilitator for Naidu s overseas tourAP inducts PwC as facilitator for Naidu's overseas tour
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 26:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government has engaged the services of global consultancy firm PricewaterhouseCoopers for facilitation of the State delegation on a three nation tour to the Far East to attract foreign investors.
The State Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu is planning to visit China, Japan and Korea next month to invite companies and investment agencies to work with the State in developing infrastructure, including capital and smart cities and setting up of industries.
According to an order issued by the Government late on Saturday, PWC will play the role of a facilitator during Naidu's tour.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Haryana: Modi will be present in CM Khattar s swearing-in todayML Khattar takes oath as Haryana's first BJP CM
Hitender Rao , Hindustan Times  Chandigarh, October 26, 2014
First Published: 08:24 IST(26/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:05 IST(27/10/2014)
Comments
Manohar Lal Khattar, Haryana's first chief minister from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), took oath at a high-profile event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Panchkula on Sunday.
Manohar Lal Khattar, Haryana’s new chief minister waves to the crowd during his oath taking ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Alongside the 60-year-old former Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) activist, nine ministers -six holding cabinet ranks and three ministers of state (independent charge) - were also sworn in.
Haryana governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath of office and secrecy to Khattar at the Mela Ground in Sector 5 of Panchkula town, adjoining Chandigarh.
Apart from Modi, the high-profile event was attended by some of his cabinet colleagues, chief ministers of BJP-ruled states and RSS leaders.  Senior BJP leaders such as Lal Krishna Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi were also present.
Khattar is the 10th chief minister of the state, which was created November 1, 1966.
It is after 18 years that a non-Jat was sworn in as the Haryana chief minister. Before Khattar, the last non-Jat CM was Bhajan Lal, a Bishnoi. He had been in power from 1991 to 1996.
Since 1996, successive Jat leaders — Bansi Lal of the HVP-BJP, Om Prakash Chautala of the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and Bhupinder Singh Hooda of the Congress — have ruled the state.
The BJP had scripted history in the recently held Haryana assembly elections, winning 47 of the 90 seats in the state that helped the party form the government on its own.  The party's vote share, too, had galloped from 9% to 33%.
The six cabinet ministers sworn-in on the occasion were Ram Bilas Sharma, Abhimanyu, OP Dhankar, Anil Vij, Rao Narvir Singh and Kavita Jain.
The ministers of state (MoS) who were administered the oath of office and secrecy were Bikram Singh Thekedar, Krishan Bedi and Karan Dev Kamboj. They all will hold independent charges.
(L to R) Rambliash Sharma, Manohar Lal Khattar, Anil Vij and OP Dhankar during the oath ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Who is Khattar?
Khattar - a Punjabi - is a sworn bachelor. He has the backup of the RSS and is seen as close to Modi, who endorsed his name for the CM's post in Haryana.
Khattar's selection silenced his critics, who said he lacks administrative experience as well as a popular base.
Khattar, often dubbed an "outsider" by rivals, also outdid the Jat-Punjabi rivalry that runs deep in the northern state.
"The majority view is in favour of having a non-Jat as chief minister," a BJP leader had said earlier.
Khattar, who had been an RSS pracharak for the past 40 years and an active BJP member for more than 20 years, won the Karnal seat with a big margin of more than 63,000 votes in his debut election.
He belongs to Rohtak's Nindana village.
Khattar has worked as an organising secretary in Haryana BJP when Modi was the in-charge of party affairs in the state.
The very fact that the BJP fielded him from Karnal, considered a rather safe seat for the party, gave ample indication of its plans for the Punjabi leader.
Kaptan Singh Solanki, Haryana governor and Manohar Lal Khattar during the oath ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Challenges ahead
The new chief minister has no previous administrative experience. He will have to take care of his greenhorn cabinet team as well.
Khattar, who is known in the BJP circles as a strategist, will be tested for his administrative acumen and the ability to deliver.
All in the stars?
Planetary positions seem to have decided the day and the time of Khattar's oath-taking.
It was evident from the official invite to the swearing-in ceremony, where the time of oath-taking was printed as a precise 11.23am.
"The date and the time seem to have been chosen carefully," said Chandigarh-based astrologer Prem Kumar Sharma, adding: "Tritiya tithi and Anuradha nakshatra fall on October 26, which are quite favourable (star positions)."
Another astrologer said that at the time, Mangal (Mars) would be in lagna (ascendant).
"Mars is a planet of aggression, which shows that the new chief minister would be an assertive individual. During this period, Sun will be in the 11th house, which is a house of gains but associated with enemy planets Venus and Saturn, indicating loss of sheen in governance," said the fortuneteller.
(with IANS inputs)

102 Air India pilots found flying with lapse...102 Air India pilots found flying with lapsed licences
By Saurabh Sinha, TNN | 26 Oct, 2014, 10.45AM IST
A confidential note has been put up to AI management on this issue by the airline's other departments that are facing heat from the regulator now. 
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The next time you take a flight in India, keep your fingers crossed and hope that your pilot is flying on a valid licence, not a lapsed one.
Air India has discovered that as many as 102 pilots of its wide body Boeing fleet have been flying without clearing a mandatory test that helps keep their licences valid and without which the same lapse.
The airline informed the downgraded-by-US directorate general of civil aviation (DGCA) which, worryingly, failed to detect on its own the flying by so many pilots with lapsed licences.
The AI admission comes on the heels of the regulator last month finding that 131 Jet Airways pilots were also flying without clearing a mandatory biannual exam - meaning on a lapsed licence.
The DGCA had ordered Jet to remove its chief of training due to this serious lapse.
Which means, over 250 pilots have been caught flying with lapsed licences in less than two months and this may be just the tip of the iceberg!
Admitting the lapse of its training department, AI wrote to DGCA saying that the route check of the 102 pilots was not done as per the required schedule that rendered their licences unfit for flying. "Keeping in view... overall shortage of pilots in the airline, we request you to kindly view the lapse sympathetically and renew the lapsed licenses of our pilots at the earliest in order for us to utilize them for flying duties (and) maintain our schedule," AI wrote to the DGCA recently.
The regulator, which should have been able to detect that over 100 pilots wee flying with lapsed licences, is now in damage control mode. Caught sleeping just a month before the US Federal Aviation Administration reviews its downgrade, the DGCA has asked AI to provide information on licence and training status of the pilots of the narrow body Airbus A-320 aircraft. Sources say that the regulator is unhappy with AI training department's 'casual' approach.
"Being a public sector organization, AI training department perhaps felt that a fellow government agency like DGCA will not act against it. But given the scale of action against Jet, they may prove to be wrong," said a source.
In fact, a confidential note has been put up to AI management on this issue by the airline's other departments that are facing the heat from the regulator now. "A very serious lapse has been going on in the training department... Please (ask training) to explain the lapse and retrieve the situation to avoid any reprimand from the DGCA and to avoid any media snowball," the confidential note accessed by TOI says.
The 131 pilots of Jet Airways were found to be flying even after expiry of validity of their last pilot proficiency check (PPC), a test that is required to be given every six months. Pilots are not supposed to fly without a valid PPC.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Delhi: 19-year-old son is Bukhari s successor as Jama Masjid Shahi Imam22
0
New Delhi: Nineteen-year-old Shaban Bukhari, son of Imam Syed Ahmed Bukhari, has been chosen to succeed his father as the 14th Shahi Imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid, the largest mosque in the country.
Shaban was picked for the influential post due to his "strong inclination" toward humanities besides his religious capabilities, said Bukhari who has been holding the prestigious post since 2000.
The teenager, who is pursuing Bachelors in Social Work at a private university, will be anointed as the 'Nayab Shahi Imam' (Vice Imam) at a ceremony on November 22 which will be attended by around 1,000 religious leaders from across the world.
The teenager will be anointed as the 'Nayab Shahi Imam' at a ceremony on November 22 which will be attended by around 1,000 religious leaders from across the world.
#shaban bukhari #imam syed ahmed bukhari #jama masjid #nayab shahi imam
He will be groomed under his father, who will remain the "Shahi Imam" for his life. Shaban will then take over the mantle from his father. From nearly 400 years, Imamat of the Jama Masjid has been continuing in the same family from generation to generation.
Jama Masjid's history dates back to 1656, when Abdul Ghafoor Shah Bukhari was conferred the title of "Shahi Imam" by then Mughal emperor Shahjahan. He was sent to Delhi by the Shah of Bukhara, then emperor of Uzbekistan, following a request from Shahjahan.
"The first namaz took place in 1656 and it was then Abdul Ghafoor Shah Bukhari was conferred the title of 'Shahi Imam'. From that day, in accordance to Shahjahan's wish, the Imamat of the Jama Masjid has been continuing in the family from generation to generation," Syed Ahmed Bukhari said.
Explaining the process of choosing his heir, he said that it has to be seen which son is capable of becoming 'Imam' and whether he has religious inclination or not.
"He (Shaban) is capable and has religious inclination, in addition to that he is doing his graduation in Amity University. He has had strong leaning toward humanities, he wanted to serve humanity and social work has been his main subject. He is also doing his graduation social work.
"So keeping in mind his capabilities and his inclination the decision was taken to appoint him as the 'Nayab Shahi Imam' of the Jama Masjid and he will be the next, that is, the 14th Shahi Imam," he said. Talking about the grooming process, Bukhari said, "I was appointed as the 'Nayab Shahi Imam' in 1973 by my grandfather and I was appointed as the Shahi Imam in 2000. Similarly I will groom my son," he said.
The Shahi Imam's post is considered quite influential. Bukhari's endorsement of Congress in the run-up to the 2014 general elections had triggered criticism against the party. The Muslim cleric had also extended his support to SP before the 2012 Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections.
5

Harassment a common part of online life: Survey23
2
New York: A new study confirms what many Internet users know all too well: Harassment is a common part of online life.
The first-of-its-kind report by the Pew Research Center found that nearly three-quarters of American adults who use the Internet have witnessed online harassment. Forty per cent have experienced it themselves.
The types of harassment Pew asked about range from name-calling to physical threats, sexual harassment and stalking. Half of those who were harassed said they didn't know the person who had most recently attacked them.
Young adults - people 18 to 29 - are the most likely age group to see and undergo online harassment.  ( An elderly man using a computer , via Shutterstock)
#internet #social networking #harassment #online life
Young adults - people 18 to 29 - were the most likely age group to see and undergo online harassment. Women ages 18 to 24 were disproportionately the victims of stalking and sexual harassment, according to the survey. And people who have more information available about themselves online, work in the tech industry or promote themselves on the Internet, were also more likely to be harassed.
Case in point: Celebrities. Stars such as the actress Jennifer Lawrence had nude photos stolen and posted online recently in a widespread hacking scandal in late August. Lawrence, 24, later told Vanity Fair that she considered looking at the pictures a sex crime.
It can be difficult for police to go after online bullies in part because "our legal system hasn't quite caught up with technology," said Elizabeth Dowdell, a nursing professor at Villanova University who studies online aggression. On top of that, adults are generally hesitant to report harassment because they might view it as a "child or teenage problem."
"But the Internet has no age limits," Dowdell said. "People look for outlets for aggression and the Internet is a wonderful place because it's anonymous and you don't have to be truthful."
Social networking companies have sometimes been criticised for not doing enough to stop online harassment, even though it's standard policy to ban threats, bullying and harassment. But they have at least tried to respond to complaints.
Twitter, for example, changed its policy recently after some users sent crude, altered images of Robin Williams to his daughter Zelda following the actor's suicide in August. The company now says it can remove images of deceased individuals that circulate on its site.
Trendy new social networking site Ello, meanwhile, recently added tools people can use to block or mute users who are bothering them. The ad-free, decidedly anti-Facebook website was criticised early on for not providing blocking features that are standard practice for social networks.
Though online harassment is as old as the Internet itself, the Pew survey is particularly timely as conversations around it have grown louder in recent months - and not just because of the celebrity hacking scandal. Beginning this summer, people involved in an online campaign dubbed "Gamergate" have been harassing several prominent women in the video game industry and their supporters for criticising the lack of diversity and how women are portrayed in games. One of the targets is Brianna Wu, a software engineer and founder of game developer Giant Spacekat. Wu, who is in her mid-30s, said she has frequently been harassed online, but it's gotten worse this year.
Earlier this month, people threatened her and her husband with rape, death and castration on Twitter and posted her address online, she said, and they have been trying to impersonate her on the Internet to smear her reputation. She got so frightened that she left her home in Boston.
Wu went to the police, but most people harassed online don't. According to Pew, just 5 percent of those who were harassed reported the incident to law enforcement, while nearly half confronted the person online. Forty-four percent said they unfriended or blocked the person.
But victims of harassment often don't know where it's coming from. Thirty-eight percent of people who were harassed online said a stranger was behind the threats, and another 26 percent didn't know who the person was.
"You can have many different (personas) online," Dowdell said. "So you might think 'I'm going to block Scaryfriend123' and Scaryfriend says 'Fine, I'm going to use my other name Superniceguy' and you just don't know."
Among other key findings from Pew:
- Two-thirds of those who were harassed said the most recent incident took place on a social networking site or app, while 22 per cent saw it happen in the comments section of a website. Sixteen per cent, meanwhile, said it happened in online gaming.
- Men were more likely to be called offensive names than women. Of all Internet users (89 per cent of the US population), 32 per cent of men and 22 per cent of women were called names. Men were also more likely to be physically threatened.
- Not everyone said they were hurt by online harassment. While 14 per cent of people found their most recent incident "extremely upsetting," 22 per cent said it was "not at all upsetting." The rest of the people surveyed had reactions in between.
The telephone and online survey was conducted between May 30 and June 30 among 3,217 respondents. It has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.2 percentage points.
2

Electrolux targets Rs 500-cr sales from small appliances by FY17Electrolux targets Rs 500-cr sales from small appliances by FY17
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 26, 2014 11:05 AM IST
Swedish consumer appliances firm Electrolux is targeting Rs 500 crore turnover from small appliances by fiscal 2017 as it expands products range in the country.
"We are a new entrant in the domestic market. We have spent last one year in understanding the market and developing products for India. We are looking at Rs 500 crore turnover by FY 2016-17," Electrolux Kelvinator Small Appliances CEO Pramod K Khosla told PTI.
The company entered into small appliances category in India in October 2013 with the launch of select products under its powerbrand 'Kelvinator'.
"In this financial year, our first year of operation, we are expecting Rs 100 crore turnover," he added.
Electrolux, which started operation for its small appliances business in India with water heaters, air coolers and tower fans, is in process of expanding products range by launching kettles, toasters, food processors and rice cookers by end of this fiscal.
"By the end of this year our portfolio of appliances will be complete. But going forward, we will continue to add and refresh products in the market."
"We also plan to introduce gas stoves and induction cook-tops by next year," he added.
Currently, branded small domestic appliances market, which includes mixers, irons, air coolers, water heaters, tower fans among others, is estimated at around Rs 6,500 crore.
After completing its product portfolio, the company will also go in mass media advertising, which includes advertisements on televisions, for its products.
"Next financial year, we will go in for mass media advertising. We will spend up to 10 per cent of turnover on mass media advertising," Khosla said.
Electrolux also sells air-conditioners, refrigerators, microwave ovens and washing machines in India under the Electrolux and Kelvinator labels.

LIVE: Khattar becomes 4th non-Jat to lead Haryana in 48yearsKhattar was sworn in as the Haryana CM in Panchkula today. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 26, 2014 10:51 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 5:58 am
Karnal MLA Manohar Lal Khattar , 60, took oath as BJP’s first-ever chief minister in Haryana in a grand ceremony on Saturday. Six MLAs were sworn-in as Cabinet ministers , while three were administered oath as Ministers of State with independent charge. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and top party leaders, including L K Advani, Amit Shah, Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh and Venkaiah Naidu, attended the ceremony, which was held in Panchkula.
Several RSS leaders as well as chief ministers of BJP-ruled states — Gujarat CM Anandiben Patel, Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje, Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and Goa CM Manohar Parrikar — also attended the event.
In pics: Narendra Modi, Amit Shah attend Khattar’s swearing-in
Haryana Governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath to the CM and the Cabinet ministers. Those inducted into Khattar’s Cabinet include Rambilas Sharma (MLA from Mahendergarh), Capt. Abhimanyu (Narnaund), Anil Vij (Ambala-Cantonment), O P Dhankar (Badli), Kavita Jain (Sonepat) and Rao Narbir Singh (Badshahpur).
Soon after taking oath, Sharma told mediapersons that the state government would order a probe into the alleged land scams that took place during the previous government in Haryana. “We shall get a sitting high court judge to probe the land scams that took place in Haryana,” he said.
The Ministers of State who were sworn in are Bikram Singh Thekedar (Kosli), Krishan Kumar (Shahbad) and Karan Dev Kamboj (Indri).
Before the ceremony began, the state government arranged for an SUV for each Cabinet minister.
A separate stage was created to accommodate the remaining BJP MLAs, and various religious and RSS leaders. An unprecedented security cover comprising more than 3,000 policemen was put in place at the venue.
Vij said that “working for the welfare of the people and ensuring inclusive development” would be the government’s top priority.
In the newly inducted Cabinet, all members except Sharma and Rao Narbir Singh are first-time ministers.
Former Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda did not attend the ceremony and claimed that he was not invited . “If I was invited, I would have thought about attending the event. But no invitation reached me,” Hooda said. However, the state government maintained that Hooda had been invited to the event.
The first meeting of the new Cabinet will be held under the chairmanship of Khattar in Haryana Civil Secretariat in Chandigarh at 11 am on Monday.
READ: Haryana govt contradicts Hooda’s claim, says he was invited to Khattar swearing-in
After taking oath, the CM and his Cabinet went to the Haryana Civil Secretariat and held a meeting with administrative secretaries of the state government.
During the meeting, Khattar said that the welfare of the people should be the ultimate aim for each of them. “Apart from continued…

FPI inflows hit $1.5 bn in Oct; reach $35 bn mark so far this yearFPI inflows hit $1.5 billion in October; reach $35 billion so for this year
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 11.15AM IST
Tags:
Diesel price
(Overseas investors have…)
NEW DELHI: Continuing to bet big on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have poured in $1.5 billion in the Indian market so far this month taking the total inflow to $35 billion since January.
The net investment by foreign investors into debt market was at Rs 12,645 crore ($2.06 billion) between October 1-22, while they pulled out Rs 3,500 crore ($570 million) from the stock market during the same period, taking the total to $1.5 billion, as per latest data.
Market analysts maintain that foreign investors (Foreign Institutional Investors or Foreign Portfolio Investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
Also, they anticipate inflows would continue in the coming months on slew of measures announced by the government.
The Cabinet has given the go-ahead to deregulation of diesel price and also came out a new gas pricing formula. Besides, government has promulgated ordinance for e-auction of coal blocks.
Since the beginning of the year, the net investments by overseas investors into Indian equity markets stood at Rs 79,938 crore ($13.3 billion) so far this year, while the same for debt markets was at Rs 1.3 lakh crore, taking the total to Rs 2.10 lakh crore ($ 35 billion)
Since the beginning of June, FIIs ( Foreign Institutional Investors ) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors .
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of foreign investors into India to over $ 206 billion since 1991. In rupee terms, their investments are at Rs 10 lakh crore level during the period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telcos may raise tariffs to pay for spectrum...You are here: Home > Collections > Mhz
Telecom companies may raise tariffs to pay for spectrum costs
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 11.43AM IST
Tags:
Airtel
(Telecom sector regulator…)
NEW DELHI: Industry body COAI has said mobile tariffs may go up soon as telecom operators are expected to pass on to customers the burden of spectrum cost they will incur in the upcoming auction.
The auction of airwaves is likely to be conducted in February next year.
"Definitely there will be an upward pressure on tariffs as the debt burden of telecom players will increase post auctions, they have to pass on the cost to customers," COAI Director General Rajan S Mathews told PTI.
He said operators have to pay around Rs 40,000 crore for the spectrum even if the airwaves would be sold at reserve price in 900MHz and 1800 MHz bands.
"From where the money will come from? Banks are also unwilling to lend to telecom operators due to high debt burden. Also the telcos have to spend on network infrastructure. So, after paying such huge amount for spectrum only, they have to pass the burden to customers," Mathews said.
Telecom sector regulator TRAI had suggested a 10 per cent higher base price for the next round of spectrum auction in the 1800 Mhz band.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) had recommended a price of Rs 2,138 crore per Mhz for the 1800 Mhz band and Rs 3,004 crore per Mhz for the premium 900 Mhz band.
The spectrum auction will be conducted for radiowaves in 900 Mhz held by existing telecom operators Airtel , Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communications through their licences that are expiring in 2015-16.
In the 900 Mhz band, about 184 Mhz of spectrum is likely to be auctioned. In 1800 Mhz, government has proposed to auction 104 Mhz of spectrum which included spectrum held by licences that are expiring in 2015-16 and unsold airwaves in February auction.
Telecom operators have been cutting back on freebies and discounted minutes to maintain profitability. Analysts say this trend may continue as they have to pay for the fresh spectrum purchases.
After the last auction held in February this year, Vodafone India CEO Marten Pieters had said the telecom industry in India has reached a point where the tariffs need to increase every year to sustain itself.
The February 2014 auctions fetched about Rs 62,162 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil Ministry to overhaul exploration policy:...Dharmendra Pradhan
(Ministry is setting stiff…)
NEW DELHI: After unveiling major reforms since BJP's storming to power, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan plans to overhaul the exploration policy to attract investors, spur energy output and revive the economy.
In parallel, the Ministry is setting stiff targets for state explorers like ONGC to reverse the declining trend in oil and gas output in recent years as it looks to cut on import dependence.
Pradhan, 45, wants to replace the 15-year old production sharing regime, which has produced more controversies and less oil and gas. Only three out of the 252 blocks given out have come to production stage. The new regime aims to inspire confidence in investors and require minimal government intervention.
"We want to increase ease of doing business in India. Bottlenecks have to be removed, red-tapism cut and investors given confidence so that they can come and invest in oil and gas exploration and production," he told PTI here.
The focus is on raising domestic oil and gas production beginning with state explorers ONGC and Oil India, who had in the immediate past not met their own stated targets. They have been given a 10 per cent improvement target so as to cut imports, he said.
Top most on priority is monetisation of small and marginal fields lying with ONGC with help of private investment as well as technology, he said.
Natural gas pipeline network in the country will be doubled to 30,000 kilometres by 2019 to expand the reach of environment-friendly fuel. Also, state refineries are being asked to improve efficiencies to become globally competitive even as fuel retailing is opened up for competition.
"We have set priorities and targets at every level - upstream, midstream and downstream. Efficiencies have to improve. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has showed how the same set of people under the same system can deliver better results," he said.
While the house is set in order, Pradhan wants India, which spent $143 billion to import crude oil last year, to diversify its purchases to guard against geopolitical risks in some of the world's biggest suppliers.
"I met officials from the US recently and asked them to allow oil exports to India. We are keen to import oil from US, which currently does not allow oil exports. We will look at Russia and Latin America too," he said.
Global oil prices slumping by 25 per cent from about $115 for a barrel in June to $85 or so, last week emboldened the government to press ahead with politically risky decisions of scrapping controls on diesel prices and raising natural gas tariff for the first time in four years, in a bid to lure investors and revive the economy.
"I consider these as big ticket reforms," Pradhan said, adding that the government has also announced a 10-point reform of PSC for early monetisation of fields.
For the next licensing round, the experience of nine rounds of New Exploration Licensing Policy ( NELP ) where government entered into Production Sharing Contract (PSC) with explorers, like Reliance Industries, will be used.
The PSC regime, where explorer recovers all his cost before sharing profits with the government, has been criticised by the CAG as it incentivises cost escalation and requires micro-monitoring by the government, leading to disputes, red-tapism and delays.
"We have before us the experience of nine previous rounds... only 2-3 fields have reached production stage. This is big evidence before us. We want to take a holistic decision," Pradhan said.
Three committees headed by C Rangarajan, Vijay Kelkar and Ashok Chawla have given varied recommendations on future exploration contracts - from retaining current system to moving to revenue sharing model where companies will upfront bid the amount of oil and gas they will give to the government.
"We are holding wider consultations with stakeholders. The three committee reports are with us. Also, we are looking at practices globally. We will go for NELP-X (auction round) only after we have put in place a policy which is investor-friendly and helps in achieving our objective of raising oil and gas output," he said.
Gas price hike and diesel deregulation will help address some of the concerns investors had about the energy sector in the country.
State refiners sold diesel, kerosene and domestic LPG at rates below cost to help rein in inflation. They were partially compensated with cash from the budget, while explorers like ONGC gave them discounts on crude oil.
Brent crude in London, a benchmark for half the world's oil, including India's, is trading near the lowest level since November 2010.
The decline helped wipe out the difference between real price and the cost. The drop provided the government a window to free the fuel of controls, resulting in the first price cut since January 2009.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Market Capitalisation of Top 8 Companies SurgesYou are here: Home Market
Market Capitalisation of Top 8 Companies Surges
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 26, 2014 11:43 (IST)
IVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
New Delhi: The top eight most valued Indian companies together added Rs 32,825 crore in their market capitalisation (m-cap) last week, with ICICI Bank and ONGC witnessing the maximum rise in valuation.
Except Infosys and ITC, rest eight companies out of the top 10 Sensex companies saw rise in their m-cap, including TCS, RIL and CIL.
The m-cap of ICICI Bank surged Rs 8,182.5 crore to Rs 1,82,434.20 crore, while ONGC added Rs 5,347.18 crore to Rs 3,45,214.03 crore.
RIL's valuation moved up by Rs 4,787.21 crore to Rs 3,08,241.48 crore, SBI (Rs 4,483.17 crore to Rs 1,92,791.30 crore), TCS (Rs 4,015.4 crore to Rs 4,82,904.80 crore), HDFC Bank (Rs 2,704.04 crore to Rs 2,16,443.98 crore), Sun Pharma (Rs 2,547.46 crore to Rs 1,67,790.50 crore) and CIL (Rs 757.96 crore to Rs 2,22,809.75 crore).
On the other hand, the m-cap of Infosys fell by Rs 2,759.2 crore to Rs 2,18,542.80 crore and ITC lost Rs 2,485.44 crore to Rs 2,79,723.45 crore.
In the ranking of top 10 firms, TCS stood at the top position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
The benchmark S&P BSE 30-share Sensex concluded the week at 26,851.05, showing a surge of 742.52 points.
Story first published on: October 26, 2014 11:41 (IST)

Make in India  focus of Sweden India Nobel Memorial WeekMake in India  focus of Sweden India Nobel Memorial Week
Manohar Lal Khattar to take oath as Haryana CM todayManohar Lal Khattar to take oath as Haryana CM today
Money spent on Swachh Bharat Clean Ganga comes under CSR ambitMoney spent on Swachh Bharat Clean Ganga comes under CSR ambit
After Chennaiyin  Dhoni Buys Stake in New Ranchi Franchise of Hockey India LeagueAfter Chennaiyin  Dhoni Buys Stake in New Ranchi Franchise of Hockey India League
Live: Manohar Lal Khattar sworn in as new Chief Minister of Haryana15
0
Chandigarh: 11:40 AM: Anil Viz, Kavita Jain, OP Dhankar and Ram Vilas sharma sworn-in as ministers in Khattar's cabinet
11:30 AM: Om Prakash Dhankar sworn-in as minister in Khattar's cabinet
11:27 AM: Khattar was an RSS worker from 1980 to 1994 and then joined the BJP. Sources say he is a close aide of PM Narendra Modi.
Manohar Lal Khattar was an RSS worker from 1980 to 1994 and then joined the BJP. Sources say he is a close aide of PM Narendra Modi. This is after 18 years that Haryana has a non-Jat Chief Minister.
11:17 AM: PM Modi arrives at Panchkula to attend Khattar's swearing-in ceremony
11: 05 AM: Maneka Gandhi, Vasundhra Raje and Anandi Ben will also attend the swearing-in ceremony.
11 AM: BJP President Amit Shah reaches Haryana for the ceremony.
Bharatiya Janata Party's Karnal MLA Manohar Lal Khattar is all set to take oath as the Haryana's Chief Minister. The swearing-in ceremony will take place in Panchkula at HUDA ground in Sector 5.
1

India among top 10 countries in terms of expat quality of lifeIndia among top 10 countries in terms of expat quality of life: HSBC report
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 26 2014, 11:43  IST
Oct 26 2014, 11:43  IST
 

Bodies Strewn In Streets  As ISIS Militants Seize Iraq VillageISIS Militants Capture Village In Iraq's Anbar From Sunni Tribe
Reuters
Updated:
10/23/2014  2:00 pm EDT
Iraqi security forces and gunmen take positions following clashes with jihadists on September 19, 2014, in Ramadi, the capital of the western province of Anbar. (AZHAR SHALLAL/AFP/Getty Images) | AZHAR SHALLAL via Getty Images
reddit
By Saif Sameer and Ned Parker
BAGHDAD, Oct 23 (Reuters) - Islamic State wrested a Sunni  Muslim village in western Iraq on Thursday from tribal defenders  who put up weeks of fierce resistance, and the insurgents  tightened a siege of the Yazidi minority on a mountain in the  north.
The attacks showed Islamic State's continued operating  resilience despite air strikes by U.S.-led coalition forces  aimed at defeating the ultra-radical Sunni jihadist group, which  has captured large expanses of Iraq and neighboring Syria,  beheaded prisoners and massacred people from other religious  communities, and declared a medieval-style caliphate.
The Albu Nimr tribe had been fending off Islamic State (IS)  since early October but finally lost the village of Zauiyat albu  Nimr in the western province of Anbar overnight on Thursday.
A small Iraqi army unit was stationed in the village but  evacuated by helicopter in the early hours of Thursday, along  with leaders from the Albu Nimr, a tribal figure from the  village told Reuters in Baghdad.
Residents said the bodies of tribal fighters and soldiers  lay strewn in the streets of Zauiyat albu Nimr on Thursday, and  the very few who survived the onslaught had been told by IS  insurgents to drop their weapons and leave.
"Islamic State are out to purge the village of Bu Nimr  members," said the tribal figure in Baghdad. "Sleeper cells  inside the village have been assisting the Islamic State by  providing the names and the locations of the houses of prominent  resistance members.
"A list of 200 names that include the high officers in our  village has been set and all of these names are to be killed."
The fall of Zauiyat albu Nimr leaves remaining areas under  government control in Anbar more vulnerable to seizure by IS,  which overran the regional city of Hit early this month.
Islamic State holds much of western Anbar and is looking to  isolate pockets of resistance, including the Ain al-Asad air  base and the Haditha Dam.
MOUNT SINJAR
U.S. President Barack Obama authorized air strikes on IS in  Iraq in August, citing the duty to prevent an impending genocide  of minority Yazidis at the hands of the jihadist insurgents who  attacked them around Sinjar Mountain.
Yazidis follow an ancient faith derived from Zoroastrianism.
IS considers the Yazidis to be devil worshippers and has  killed or captured hundreds and sold many into slavery in a  campaign to wipe out the religious minority.
The air strikes helped Kurdish regional forces stem IS  advances in northern Iraq and relieved some of the pressure on  Sinjar so that a corridor could be opened to evacuate thousands  of Yazidis from the mountain.
But Kurdish peshmerga forces have not been able to secure  Sinjar, and on Monday, IS militants renewed their assault on the  mountain in the northwest Iraq near the Syrian frontier.
Yazidi fighters on the mountain pleaded for assistance to  avert more bloodshed and said their weapons were ineffective  against armored Humvee vehicles used by Islamic State.
"The situation is really bad and it's worsening by the  minute," said Barakat, a fighter on the mountain. "We are  surrounded by IS militants from all four directions. The streets  at the foot of the mountain are completely under IS control."
Barakat said 500-600 families were stranded on the mountain  and although helicopters occasionally dropped supplies and  picked up some civilians, they could only lift a small number of  people to safety each time.
Awar, another Yazidi fighter, said there were many IS  militants on the eastern side of the mountain: "There's a strong  possibility that a large scale attack is coming tonight or  tomorrow morning."
Yazidi combatants said they were short on supplies including  food and clothing. "The fighters are holding the ground and are  putting a stop to any attempt at climbing the mountain," said a  third fighter who asked to remain unnamed. "We will stay here  and fight IS in order to protect our land and our holy shrines."     (Writing by Isabel Coles; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
Related on HuffPost:

Khadi now as important as nation s social fabricYou are here: Home > Collections
Centre mulls trademark for Brand Khadi
Reshmi R Dasgupta & Vijaya Rathore, ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Anil Kumar
(NIFT's Banerjee & Jain's…)
NEW DELHI: Finally khadi seems to be on the way to getting its due, not only on the catwalk but also officially. Hot on the heels of Prime Minister Narendra Modi presenting the Chinese Prime Minister Xi Jinping a specially commissioned khadi waistcoat and US President Barack Obama with a khadi-bound copy of the Bhagavad Gita, comes an indication that the Centre is mulling a trademark for the freedom fabric too.
And it comes not a moment too soon. In 1918, Mahatma Gandhi brilliantly spun khadi into a people's movement for independence and self-reliance. Less than a century later, it's only around his birthday — October 2 — that most Indians remember this handspun, handwoven fabric, especially as there is an annual 5 per cent rebate. Yet this unique product of India has enormous business potential, even internationally
Next month, Bhaskar Banerjee and Bharat Jain, professors at the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) in Gandhinagar, will present a paper in Wuhan in China on khadi at the 89th Textile Institute World Conference. Their research shows that khadi suffers from a perception problem and is competing with the unorganised sector rather than brands and the duo have several useful suggestions. Less government intervention and looking beyond discounts and subsidies to promote khadi are nobrainers.
Brand building, innovation, consistency in production by khadi mandals, private partnerships and trademarks are also crucial but so are increasing minimum wages of the spinners and weavers from the current average of Rs 3,000 per month. Little wonder that the number of khadi producers in Gujarat alone has come down from 60,000 to 10,000.
Khadi has had eloquent champions in Gandhiji's grand-daughter Tara Gandhi Bhattacharjee and Kapurthala scion and designer Martand Singh among others and now the fashion fraternity has pitched in too. But for almost 60 years khadi has been synonymous with the staid government-run Khadi Gram Udyogs and Khadi Bhavans of the Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) and an increasingly discredited political class.
But with the Prime Minister urging Indians to bring a bit of khadi into their lives in his first nationwide radio address, KVIC and its nodal Ministry of Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises (MSME) have been pushed to get khadi trademarked to ensure quality and protect against fakes, and then create a larger market for Brand Khadi. This coincides with companies, retailers and designers also taking it up as a fabric of the future.
"A trademark would be a proof of authenticity and will provide legal protection too. We will create a distinct brand identity for khadi also, to attract buyers, especially the youth," said BH Anil Kumar, joint secretary in the MSME ministry, adding that packaging and design of khadi products will be ramped up too. "There will be more valueadded consumables so that khadi does not remain a synonym for a fabric, but connotes a lifestyle."But there is a hitch.
The ministry had earlier notified the Khadi Mark Regulations 2013, which empowered KVIC to issue tags and labels with the distinctive charkha logo by laying down standards of assurance. But the Trademarks Act stipulates that the certifying authority for trademarks must be independent of the products' makers. That rules out KVIC as its units make khadi. "Perhaps certification rights could be given to a third party," said Kumar. Around 2,200 khadi-producing institutions are registered with KVIC and the total turnover last year was a modest Rs 800 crore. The potential in a market the size of India is therefore obvious.
  So it is not surprising that the private sector has jumped in too. Levi's launched khadi jeans this August to tap the youth market - with every garment in the collection displaying the name of the weaver and where it was produced.But hearteningly, Indian designers were first off the mark on that score with Rajesh Pratap Singh creating a bespoke khadi denim collection in Rajasthan that's hand-stitched and hand dyed with natural indigo, in addition to being handspun and handwoven! Indeed, Indian designers have been upping the premium profile of the fabric at fashion weeks here and abroad. Not only has Hyderabad-based textile designer Gaurang Shah showed his khadi line at the Berlin and New York fashion weeks, khadi is becoming a fixture in most collections.

US students set up foundations & ventures for a social cause in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Citi
US students set up ventures for social cause in India
Evelyn Fok, ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
American government
(By setting up foundations…)
BANGALORE: Shaba, a 14-year-old garment stitcher living on an Ahmedabad back road, got a scholarship that would allow her return to school. The scholarship from the Girl in Yellow Foundation would cover her tuition fee and other costs through the 12th grade.
The foundation is one of several initiatives launched in India by students at some of the most prestigious universities in the US. Armed with a global mindset, access to capital and an innovative spirit, they have created ventures that address some of India's many social needs, from helping rehabilitate acid-attack victims to imparting awareness on menstrual hygiene among underprivileged school girls and providing cheap eye care. Their work not only impacts causes they deeply care about, but also helps them flex their entrepreneurial muscles and build up reputable experience before they find their way into the corporate world.
On a tour to India, Kurt Ricketts , then a student at University of Washington's Michael G Foster School of Business , encountered young girls who had to work as garment stitchers and could not afford to go to school. When he returned to Seattle for his last year of college, he launched the Girl in Yellow Foundation, which raises funds from both India and the US to send rural girls to attend grades eight through 12.
Some of these passionate hearts are beating for causes closely related to their own upbringing. Roshni Mehta was an eight-year-old growing up in Bangladesh when her nanny fell victim to an acid attack by an elder suitor. Over a decade later, she was named a Red Idea Scholar at Cornell University , which provided her with funding and mentoring to found Nine Yards, a social enterprise that employs acid attack survivors to create household and fashion products out of donated saris. But as these students graduate from university and into demanding ca reers, they have to figure out how to ensure that their ventures are sustainable.
Less than a year after Ricketts started the foundation, he took up a full-time consulting position with Microsoft , and advises the original Girl in Yellow team at the university from afar. Mehta, now a senior with prior internships at EY, Citi, and Unilever , is planning to enter a corporate career, keeping her commitment to the venture part-time.
Aunna Wilson was volunteering in a girls' home in Uttar Pradesh when she first learnt of the myriad challenges Indian women face every month during menstruation. She decided to combat social taboos and empower girls through health curriculum that is sorely lacking in this country. The initiative culminated in an organisation named Pasand. Her team has won numerous accolades, including the Dell Social Innovation Empowering Women Challenge and multiple social entrepreneurship competitions at Princeton.
Upon graduation, her founding team members decided to take fulltime positions at consulting firms and American government agencies, which slowed down Pasand's operations. Wilson is currently taking half a year off from her consulting position at Deloitte to concentrate on the venture in Bangalore, but is planning to hire full-time staff in India to take on her responsibilities when she leaves.
Other budding entrepreneurs have collaborated with local foundations in India for their critical support on the ground. Benjamin Zehr , another Cornell student, was raised in Jalna, Maharashtra, a state that is home to almost a million blind people. After completing high school in Chicago, he took a gap year with his brother Brian, then a fresh college graduate, and established Dekhon, a self-sustaining network of eye-care facilities in rural towns and villages, providing consultations and cataract surgeries at close to no cost.
"My brother and I knew that once we started university and work in the US, respectively, we wouldn't be able to devote as much time," he says. With this in mind, Dekhon was first set up under Shri Ganapati Netralaya hospital in Jalna, and its day-to-day operations have been transitioned to a local team at a facility comprising experienced medical professionals.
These young people have already substantially improved the lives of countless individuals across India. But the real worth of these initiatives will be proven only if their ventures remain sustainably run in the long term — after their founders depart from university and into the hard-won positions they have earned with the experience.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Politicos use PR firms covertly to boost appeal among youthPoliticos use PR firms covertly to boost appeal among youth
Rakesh Mohan Chaturvedi, ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Facebook
(Those who are not net-savvy…)
NEW DELHI: Politicians have used PR companies for decades to improve their image and get a wider audience but Narendra Modi's impressive use of such professionals during the LS elections and then as Prime Minister to boost his appeal among the young and those active on social media has increased the clamour among politicians, be they small-time corporators, party workers, MPs or even ministers, to hire such firms in droves.
Most PR firms handling accounts of politicians confirmed that though they have been handling such accounts for several years, there is a perceptible increase in the number of politicians using their services. Moreover, the ones who are not net-savvy want the PR firms to help them get eyeballs on Facebook , twitter , and other social media sites frequented by the young and the urban voters.
Some politicians even took advice from PR firms on how to conduct themselves on stage.
FEATURED ARTICLES

From pensions to beauty courses  click to revisit art of givingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BJP means business  becoming permanently poll-readyprint
The BJP is like an organisation that is in permanent election-fighting mode.
Barely days after the results of the Haryana and Maharashtra polls were out, party president Amit Shah reallocated senior BJP office-bearers, putting them in charge of different states, including ones that are headed for elections soon; in November — three months before it usually starts — the party’s annual membership recruitment drive will kick off with emphasis in states where its presence is weak or negligible; this will be accompanied by an expansion of its district offices from around 300 now to cover most of India’s 675 districts; and in states where its base is limited teams of motorcycle-borne BJP workers have been tasked with spreading the word.
These efforts may be sharply in contrast with what’s happening in the other national party, the Congress (by most accounts: not much), but pretty much in keeping with two things.
First, the BJP’s avowed mission to achieve a ‘Congress Mukt Bharat’, which means winning in as many of the state elections as it can. After the two most recent assembly elections, the BJP now has a majority government in six states (Gujarat, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Goa, Rajasthan and Haryana; and shares power with allies in five, including one Union Territory (Punjab, Nagaland, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Puducherry). Its aim is to increase that tally.
That’s where the second reason for being permanently poll-ready comes in: beginning with Jharkhand and Jammu & Kashmir, where elections were announced on Saturday, there is a slew of state elections lined up over the next couple of years. These include Delhi (likely in early 2015) and Bihar (also in 2015); Assam, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal in 2016; and Uttar Pradesh, Goa, Punjab and Uttarakhand in 2017.
Compared to the BJP’s tally of 11 states where it either rules or shares power, the Congress has nine states — Himachal Pradesh, Assam, Karnataka, Kerala, Uttarakhand, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Arunachal Pradesh.
In Kerala and Assam, the BJP has no traditional base: in Kerala, it has tried to piggyback on the RSS but that hasn’t got it votes; and in Assam, the BJP would like to be a strong contender to the Congress by usurping the regional AGP’s position but it lacks a base and it has, in the Congress, a competitor for Hindu votes in that state.
But closer at hand are the Jharkhand and J-K elections — in the first the party would like to win and, in the second, where although winning could be a far cry, it wants to make a mark with a big tally. In Jharkhand, the BJP currently has 18 of the 82 seats (same as the tribal party, JMM) but it is a Congress-JMM-RJD combine that is in charge.
Tribal votes are crucial in the state — efforts by Shah to merge former chief minister Babulal Marandi’s party, JVM, have failed and much would rest on how the BJP manages to win those votes. In J&K, it’s a different challenge altogether. The BJP’s presence is negligible in the predominantly Muslim Kashmir valley, which accounts for 46 seats, but it has a clear edge in Jammu’s 37 seats and Ladakh’s four. Currently, the BJP has 11 seats in the J&K assembly, a tally that its leaders say it wants to increase significantly. The obvious challenge would be to make inroads into the valley.
Whether the BJP achieves its mission to have an ‘India sans Congress’ will be watched keenly as a dozen states go to the polls in the coming months but the outcome of the elections in one state, Uttar Pradesh, could be of special interest.
Under Shah, who was in charge of UP in the Lok Sabha elections, the BJP performed spectacularly but in the recent assembly by-polls it did poorly. How the BJP fares in India’s most populous but caste-divided, communally tense and woefully under-developed state could be its real test.

MHA takes a U-turn on Aadhaar scheme  lends fullsupportPrint
Aadhar Card.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 10:33 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:54 pm
 
In a complete U-turn from its earlier stand, the Home Ministry has come out in full support of the Aadhaar scheme saying it will facilitate “anytime, anywhere, anyhow” authentication to its beneficiaries.
In a letter to all state governments, the Home Ministry said that since one Aadhaar number is allotted only to one person, it allows universal verification of one’s identity. Aadhaar card also enables the deprived and needy people to access services like banking facilities.
“Since Aadhaar is based on the demographic and biometric information of an individual, it eliminates the threat of any fraud and bogus activity.
“Aadhaar will provide its possessor with universal identification. (It) will facilitate ‘anytime, anywhere, anyhow’ authentication to its beneficiaries (and) be a single source of identity verification,” it said.
The ministry’s stand on Aadhaar is in complete reversal of the position taken by it under two predecessors of Rajnath Singh — Sushilkumar Shinde and P Chidambaram.
During the previous UPA regime, the Home Ministry had raised concerns over the sanctity of the the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI)’s database, saying uniqueness of identity was not a necessary condition for ensuring authenticity of identity or genuineness of other entries or records of Aadhaar numbers.
The ministry had raised concerns over supporting documents submitted by people as proof of identity and proof of address for getting an Aadhaar number.
In its latest letter to the state governments, the Home Ministry said that the benefits of Aadhaar are many and it can be used at multiple places to prove one’s identity very easily.
A person’s Aadhaar number can be used while opening a bank account as it meets the ‘Know Your Customer’ (KYC) norms of RBI. The card can also be used for booking tickets online, applying for passport and at many other places where there is a need to provide some proof of identity.
“Aadhaar will give migrants universal mobility of identity. The government can now provide services and facilities to people, especially in the rural areas, in a more effective manner.
“As more and more government services are going to be linked to Aadhaar, it would be of utility to have an Aadhaar card. Aadhaar will hence help the poor to take the benefits or the facilities provided to them by the government which could not be accessed by (them) earlier. Aadhaar will thus become the simplest way of proving one’s identity,” the ministry said.
Aadhaar and the National Population Register (NPR) are national identity programmes of the government of India. The former is being implemented by UIDAI and the latter by the Registrar General of India under the Home Ministry.
“Both collect biometric data covering 10 finger prints, iris scan of both eyes and a photograph. The identity and address of the resident are also identified during the enrolment process.
“Aadhaar provides a unique identity number to every resident in the country. The NPR database is sent to the UIDAI for Aadhaar de-duplication and generating Unique Identity (UID) numbers,” the Home continued…

Home Ministry tells NGOs to make payment exceeding Rs 20k through chequeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

We are well-positioned in Indian enterprise market: BlackBerryWe are well-positioned in Indian enterprise market: BlackBerry
Press Trust of India | New York Oct 26, 2014 10:50 AM IST
Canadian handset maker BlackBerry believes it is "well-positioned" for the multi-billion dollar Indian enterprise market armed with smartphones across multiple price points and end-to-end mobility solutions.
"Today, BlackBerry offers an unparallelled global infrastructure, a combination of assets that deliver security at every level and across multiple platforms and an array of value-added services like BBM.
"We see great opportunities ahead of us, and BlackBerry has an aggressive plan to continue to lead the enterprise mobility market," BlackBerry Executive Chairman and CEO John Chen told PTI.
The Waterloo (Ontario)-headquartered firm is the clear leader in this market, with the most secure devices, software, servers and network, he added.
On the Indian market, he said: "We are also well-positioned to provide our enterprise customers with the best, most secure end-to-end enterprise mobility solutions.
"We've also seen several new wins in the Indian market this year, including Indiabulls, Nishith Desai Associates, ITC, AZB & Partners, Bharucha & Partners, and are confident this momentum will continue".
Chen said BlackBerry is aggressively targeting enterprise customers in India.
"In India specifically, we are aggressively targeting large, mid-level and small businesses alike. Late last year, we announced the opening of BlackBerry Enterprise Solutions (BES) Centres in Mumbai and Gurgaon as part of our focus on the enterprise mobility market," he added.
These centres will cater to the needs of the enterprise customers and provide them with a walk-in experience of BlackBerry's robust enterprise mobility management solutions, including BES10, Chen said.
"BlackBerry has a strong base in India, and we are continuing to build share in this priority market by listening to our customers and delivering the devices and mobile solutions they want," he added.
For the quarter ended August 30, 2014, BlackBerry posted revenue of USD 916 million with about 46 per cent coming from the hardware business, 46 per cent from services and 8 per cent from software and other revenue.
The firm said since launch of the EZ Pass migration programme in March 2014, 3.4 million new BlackBerry Enterprise Service 10 (BES10) clients access licenses have been claimed by customers worldwide.
More than 840,000 of these licenses have been traded from competitors' Mobile Device Management platforms.

Well-positioned in Indian enterprise market:...BlackBerry
(The Waterloo headquartered…)
NEW YORK: Canadian handset maker BlackBerry believes it is "well-positioned" for the multi-billion dollar Indian enterprise market armed with smartphones across multiple price points and end-to-end mobility solutions.
"Today, BlackBerry offers an unparallelled global infrastructure, a combination of assets that deliver security at every level and across multiple platforms and an array of value-added services like BBM."
"We see great opportunities ahead of us, and BlackBerry has an aggressive plan to continue to lead the enterprise mobility market," BlackBerry Executive Chairman and CEO John Chen said.
The Waterloo (Ontario)-headquartered firm is the clear leader in this market, with the most secure devices, software, servers and network, he added.
On the Indian market, he said: "We are also well-positioned to provide our enterprise customers with the best, most secure end-to-end enterprise mobility solutions.
"We've also seen several new wins in the Indian market this year, including Indiabulls, Nishith Desai Associates, ITC, AZB & Partners, Bharucha & Partners, and are confident this momentum will continue".
Chen said BlackBerry is aggressively targeting enterprise customers in India.
"In India specifically, we are aggressively targeting large, mid-level and small businesses alike. Late last year, we announced the opening of BlackBerry Enterprise Solutions (BES) Centres in Mumbai and Gurgaon as part of our focus on the enterprise mobility market," he added.
These centres will cater to the needs of the enterprise customers and provide them with a walk-in experience of BlackBerry's robust enterprise mobility management solutions, including BES10, Chen said.
"BlackBerry has a strong base in India, and we are continuing to build share in this priority market by listening to our customers and delivering the devices and mobile solutions they want," he added.
For the quarter ended August 30, 2014, BlackBerry posted revenue of USD 916 million with about 46 per cent coming from the hardware business, 46 per cent from services and 8 per cent from software and other revenue.
The firm said since launch of the EZ Pass migration programme in March 2014, 3.4 million new BlackBerry Enterprise Service 10 (BES10) clients access licenses have been claimed by customers worldwide.
More than 840,000 of these licenses have been traded from competitors' Mobile Device Management platforms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FPI inflows hit $1.5 billion in October; reach $35 bn in 2014FPI inflows hit $1.5 billion in October; reach $35 billion so for this year
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 11.15AM IST
Tags:
Diesel price
(Overseas investors have…)
NEW DELHI: Continuing to bet big on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have poured in $1.5 billion in the Indian market so far this month taking the total inflow to $35 billion since January.
The net investment by foreign investors into debt market was at Rs 12,645 crore ($2.06 billion) between October 1-22, while they pulled out Rs 3,500 crore ($570 million) from the stock market during the same period, taking the total to $1.5 billion, as per latest data.
Market analysts maintain that foreign investors (Foreign Institutional Investors or Foreign Portfolio Investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
Also, they anticipate inflows would continue in the coming months on slew of measures announced by the government.
The Cabinet has given the go-ahead to deregulation of diesel price and also came out a new gas pricing formula. Besides, government has promulgated ordinance for e-auction of coal blocks.
Since the beginning of the year, the net investments by overseas investors into Indian equity markets stood at Rs 79,938 crore ($13.3 billion) so far this year, while the same for debt markets was at Rs 1.3 lakh crore, taking the total to Rs 2.10 lakh crore ($ 35 billion)
Since the beginning of June, FIIs ( Foreign Institutional Investors ) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors .
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of foreign investors into India to over $ 206 billion since 1991. In rupee terms, their investments are at Rs 10 lakh crore level during the period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nokia shows signs of turnaroundNokia shows signs of turnaround
Opinion: Can Congress bounce back from No 3Opinion: Can Congress bounce back from No 3
Opposition in slight lead over Brazilian presidentOpposition in slight lead over Brazilian president
Private firms sales growth moderated in FY13: ReportPrivate firms’ sales growth moderated in FY13: Report
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Sales of private companies in the non-financial segment moderated in 2012-13, registering 17.6 per cent growth to Rs 2.01 lakh crore, as demand fell specifically from the services sector.
In 2011-12, these companies had sales growth of 24.1 per cent at Rs 1.71 lakh crore, as per the RBI data. The data was based on 1,628 private sector companies.
“Sales ... moderated in 2012-13 due to lower increase, especially in the services sector. Both, operating expenses and value of production registered a significant decline in 2012-13,” RBI said.
Also, higher increase in operating expenses than in the value of production led to a lower growth in EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation).
EBITDA increase of most of the industries in manufacturing sector was higher in FY13 vis-is-vis the previous year except for machinery and machine tools and food product and beverages industries. In the services sector, it remained low except for computer and related activities industries, RBI said.
However, the net profit of companies was higher in FY13 than a year ago at Rs 5,562.8 crore, up 10.2 per cent.
In the previous fiscal FY12, the net profit of these companies was down by 15.8 per cent at Rs 5,050 crore.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Swiss gold exports to India cross CHF 11-bil...You are here: Home > Collections
Swiss gold exports to India cross Rs 70,000 crore; banks turn wary after black money probe
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 02.30PM IST
Tags:
banking industry
(As per Swiss government…)
NEW DELHI/BERNE: As banks in Switzerland come under greater black money scrutiny, the quantum of gold having left Swiss shores for India so far this year has reached a record high level of over 11 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 70,000 crore).
The gold exports from Switzerland to India stood at over 2.2 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 15,000 crore) in September alone, which is double the figure for the previous month, shows latest data released by Swiss Customs Administration.
As a result, the total Swiss gold exports to India since January this year has grown to 11.4 billion Swiss francs, shows the data compiled by the Swiss government's cross-border trade monitoring agency.
While industry watchers attribute the surge during September partly to increased demand for the yellow metal ahead of Diwali and other festivals in India, the sudden spike is also being seen suspiciously in the backdrop of gold being used for 'layering' purposes to move funds from Swiss banks amid growing scrutiny for suspected black money.
According to banking industry sources, banks operating in Switzerland, including those headquartered in the Alpine nation and the Swiss units of other European banks, have turned wary about dealing with their Indian clients in the wake of a growing scrutiny of such accounts.
A number of Swiss banks, including three with significant global presence, have begun telling their Indian clients to sign undertakings that are aimed at 'derisking' the banking institutions from potential risks arising out of regulatory actions against the bank customers by foreign governments.
Some banks are also telling their clients to close their accounts if they are not ready to take such risks, or if they have apprehensions about such accounts not being compliant to regulatory requirements in their home countries.
Through these 'derisking' undertakings, the customer agrees to take responsibility for any possible regulatory or administrative compliance with international norms.
At the same time, the bankers are also lobbying with the Swiss government to ensure that any information would be shared with their Indian counterpart about accounts held in Swiss banks only after necessary provisions are made to safeguard the interest of the concerned banking institution.
Following a high-level delegation visit from India, Switzerland recently agreed to cooperate on matters related to verification of genuineness of accounts and reply to requests for banking account details in a time-bound manner, and also to initiate a process to include India among the countries eligible for 'automatic exchange of information'.
While banks try to put in place necessary safeguards, there are apprehensions that many of their clients are being advised to move the funds through gold and other routes.
As per Swiss government data, the total exports of gold, silver and coins from Switzerland stood at 347 tonnes (worth 6.62 billion Swiss francs) in September. This included gold exports totalling 172.5 tonnes or 6.48 billion Swiss francs.
In comparison, Switzerland's total gold exports stood at just about three billion Swiss francs (80.6 tonnes) in August, while the overall figure for gold, silver and coins stood at 3.16 billion francs (237 tonnes) in that month.
India alone accounted for total bullion exports worth 66.5 tonnes from Switzerland, which mostly comprised of gold (over 58 tonnes or over 2.2 billion Swiss francs) in September.
The total gold exports to India stood at 29.5 tonnes (1.12 billion Swiss francs) in August, while the figure for July was 21 tonnes (792 million Swiss francs).
In January, the total Swiss gold exports to India stood at about 27 tonnes (970 million Swiss francs), while it was in the range of 30 tonnes a month between February to May before surging to over 44 tonnes (1.62 billion Swiss francs) in June.
A new strategy of 'layering' through gold and diamond trade came to light earlier this year at Swiss banks to thwart any attempt for identification of real beneficiary owners of funds entrusted with them, government and banking sources have said.
There is a growing suspicion that a portion of gold and diamond trade is being used to route funds from Swiss banks to India and other destinations.
'Layering' is a key stage in money laundering and involves moving illicit funds around financial system through a complex series of deals to complicate the paper trail.
This layering typically takes place between the first stage -- placement of black money in the financial system either in cash vaults, or through a series of cash or sham financial transactions -- and before the final 'integration' stage when money is put back into the financial system through various transactions for the benefit of its final recipient.
Under global pressure, Switzerland agreed earlier this year to provide country-wise breakdown of its gold trade.

Money spent on Swachh Bharat comes under CSRMoney spent on Swachh Bharat, Clean Ganga comes under CSR ambit
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 11.53AM IST
Tags:
clean Ganga
(Making amendments to the…)
NEW DELHI: Widening the activities coming under CSR ambit, contributions made by corporates towards Narendra Modi-led government's two key initiatives -- Swachh Bharat and Clean Ganga -- will now be considered as social welfare spending work.
Making amendments to the Companies Act , the Corporate Affairs Ministry has said that contributions to 'Swachh Bharat Kosh' and 'Clean Ganga Fund' would come under CSR framework.
'Swach Bharat Kosh' has been set up to attract funds, from various entities including corporates, for activities related to Swachh Bharat initiative. The 'Clean Ganga Fund' is aimed at pooling money for taking up works to clean the Ganga river.
These two initiatives are the latest ones to be brought under the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) ambit where already contributions made to the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund has been included.
Through a notification, the Ministry has inserted the words 'including contribution to the Swach Bharat Kosh set up by the central government for the promotion of sanitation" in Schedule VII of the Act.
Besides, the words "including contribution to the Clean Ganga Fund set up by the central government for rejuvenation of river Ganga" have been inserted in the Schedule.
Schedule VII of Companies Act, 2013, pertains to CSR activities.
Swachh Bharat and Clean Ganga are among the major initiatives of the Modi government, which has embarked on a major drive to ensure cleanliness across the country.
Schedule VII also includes "contribution to the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund or any other fund set up by the Central Government for socio-economic development and relief and welfare of the Scheduled Castes, the Scheduled Tribes, other backward classes, minorities and women".
Certain class of profitable companies are required to shell out at least two per cent of their three-year average annual net profit towards CSR activities. The provision, part of the new Companies Act, came into force from April 1.
These norms would be applicable to companies having at least Rs 5 crore net profit, or Rs 1,000 crore turnover or Rs 500 crore net worth.
Such companies would need to spend two per cent of their three-year average annual net profit on CSR activities in each financial year, beginning 2014-15 fiscal.
Livelihood enhancement and rural development projects, working towards protection of national heritage, setting up public libraries, promotion and development of traditional arts and handicrafts, are among the activities coming under CSR ambit.
Among others, eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition, promoting preventive health care and sanitation and making available safe drinking water; promoting gender equality and rural development projects, would also considered as social welfare spending.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi Communal Clashes: 13 Injured  Curfew Imposed after 3 Days of ViolenceDelhi Communal Clashes: 13 Injured  Curfew Imposed after 3 Days of Violence
Telcos may raise tariffs to pay for spectrum costsTelcos may raise tariffs to pay for spectrum costs
Home Ministry will support Aashaar schemeHome Ministry will support Aashaar scheme
Dont reveal names of black money holders now: AssochamDon’t reveal names of black money holders now: Assocham
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Amid a growing clamour for naming of alleged black money holders, industry body Assocham today said the Government should not prematurely disclose the names of such persons as it could hamper battle against this menace.
“The double taxation avoidance treaties are important for the Indian residents and corporates which can avoid paying taxes twice. Revealing the names of individuals allegedly holding unaccounted money can make to headlines but will surely make India’s battle against the menace weak. Besides, violation of DTATs will deal a severe blow to the country’s credibility,” it said in a statement.
“If names are placed in public domain and those named finally do not get convicted, there would be immense damage to the reputation of the individuals or entities ... Impression should not be given as if there is a wild goose chase which can harm the entire jurisprudence,” it said.
It also appealed to the different political parties to see reason while exerting pressure on the government to disclose classified information about individuals or entities relating to their alleged illegal accounts abroad.
“The best course would be to bring in systemic changes so that the premium on black money is diminished and with the help of technology, transparency is taxation becomes order of the day,” it added.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that the name of persons would be disclosed as and when the cases are filed in the court.
The government, Jaitley has said in his Facebook post, “stands committed to detect the names, prosecuting the guilty and making them public. We are not going to be pushed into an act of adventurism where we violate the treaties and then plead that we are no longer able to get the cooperation of reciprocating states...”
Appreciating Jaitley’s stand on black money issue, the chamber said it is sensible to respect the double taxation agreements as ‘adventurism’ could weaken India’s resolve to fight the menace.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

FX reserves up $945.6 mnFX reserves up $945.6 mn
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 24, 2014 11:57 PM IST
The country's foreign exchange reserves rose $945.6 million for the week ending October 17 to $313.68 billion, show Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data released on Friday.
Foreign currency assets, a key component of reserves, rose $914.1 million to $287.80 billion. Gold reserves remained unchanged during the week at $20.01 billion.
For the week under review, the Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) rose $23.1 million to $4.32 billion.
While the country's reserve position with the International Monetary Fund was up $8.4 million to $1.55 billion.

PM Narendra Modi may set up panel to rebuild Jammu and KashmirPM Narendra Modi may set up panel to rebuild Jammu and Kashmir
Masood Hussain, ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
ADB
(PM may consider setting…)
SRINAGAR: Prime Minister Narendra Modi may consider setting up an experts' committee to oversee reconstruction efforts in J&K, with the winter set to arrive after the devastating floods.
Elections are due later this year in the state, where hundreds of people died in the September floods after the Jhelum rose due to excessive rains. The panel of experts is expected to oversee rehabilitation work till a new government is in place. "The prime minister was very positive and he assured us that an expert committee will be set up to oversee the reconstruction process," said Altaf Bukhari , a member of the PDP delegation that met Modi. "He patiently heard every suggestion we made."
According to the PDP worker, the party suggested that a committee comprising town planners, structural and civil engineers, hydrologists, geologists, flood control experts and economists— be set up to oversee rehabilitation and reconstruction work.
The ruling NC has sought immediate approval for a Rs 33,995-crore package for the state, a decade-long tax holiday, re-engaging 8,000 volunteers, tourism promotion grants, funds for reviving livelihoods and construction of community bunkers for the people living near the LoC and international border. It has suggested a special recruitment drive in army and other central paramilitary forces.
"PM was receptive to what we said," industrialist and social activist Shakeel Qalander said. "I told the Prime Minister clearly that there is anger on the ground because the relief measures were delayed and people who somehow came out of the marooned areas were given phone bills and income tax notices."
Qalander said his group requested the PM to facilitate low-cost debt from the World Bank and the ADB , so that Kashmir can be rebuilt faster. However, officials accompanying Modi said that against an availability of Rs 1,050 crore in the SDRF, actual expenditure is less than half and barely Rs 100 crore has so far been released for affected lot.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Photo used on Modi s facebook page was publicly available: PMOYou are here: Home > Collections > Pmo
Photo used on Modi's facebook page was publicly available: PMO
PTI Oct 24, 2014, 08.31PM IST
(PMO  suggested that a 'Dhanteras'…)
NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office today suggested that a 'Dhanteras' photo used on Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Facebook page was publicly available and there was no need to take permission of the photographer.
PMO sources said this in the wake of claims that the photograph was protected by US Copyright law.
The photograph has been used on several websites, including that of the Australian government, the sources said.
The photo was sent by a creative agency which has clarified that it was available on prominent and legitimate websites which offer the option of downloading it for free, the sources said.
The sources pointed out that the picture of 'diyas' (earthen lamps) was used to extend wishes to Modi's online followers and not to make any profit.
As soon as the issue came up, officials of the PMO contacted the photographer by email and requested him to share the original image so that he can be acknowledged for his work. But the photographer is yet to respond to the suggestion, the sources said.
The Prime Minister's social media presence has always been interactive and he makes it a point to take names of people for their suggestions and contributions, they said.
The photographer has said that the photo used on PM's facebook page is the same that he has clicked. He has reportedly claimed credit and compensation for the picture.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vadra probe puts Haryana AGs post in the limelightYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Ex MP & lawyer Satya Pal Jain & SC lawyer Gobind Goel frontrunners for AG’s post in Haryana
Raghav Ohri, ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(AG’s post has acquired…)
CHANDIGARH: One of the first priorities of Haryana's new BJP government that will be sworn in on Sunday would be to look for a competent Advocate General, who would represent the state before the higher judiciary. The AG's post has acquired siginificance because he present the BJP government's arguments in crucial cases related to land deals of Robert Vadra and DLF .
The new government will have to take a fresh decision on alleged arbitrary land acquisition cases too. It would want to have a designated senior lawyer for the coveted post. While several senior lawyers are eyeing the berth, two have emerged frontrunners. Senior lawyer and former MP Satya Pal Jain is one of the frontrunners.
Having represented BJP before several judicial forums and courts in several states, Jain is chairman of the National Committee for Legal Affairs & Election Commission Issues as well as the National Legal Working Group of BJP and a member of BJP national executive committee. He is perceived close to FM Arun Jaitley and BJP president Amit Shah .
Gobind Goel , senior lawyer who practices in the Supreme Court, is another lawyer in the fray. Brother of a sitting Supreme Court Judge. The AG office in the previous regimes too was under scrutiny. Often kin of judicial officers, bureaucrats and politicians make it to the office which houses an battery of over 100 law officers. No written tests, interviews are held to finalise the appointments which yield handsome salaries, apart from the high profile and clout.
FEATURED ARTICLES

I Learnt early that being analytical is important for a business: Olacabs CEO(I Learnt early that always…)
The brief I was given and what I did in the first 100 days at work.
I was part of the Microsoft research team. After a basic introduction to MSR and what they do, I was asked to identify a problem statement I would like to solve. I then went about figuring out how to do it.
The best leadership lesson I learnt
I Learnt early that always being analytical is important for a business. Being analytical as an attitude is more important than just having the aptitude.
How I managed my work-life balance
That wasn't too much of a focus area then since it was my first job . Learning was priority and that is all I focused on.
My biggest innovation
I was part a project that helped optimise battery life on mobile phones. This was very exciting, since battery life was key to smartphones. It was implemented in the new version of the Windows mobile phone in 2010.
The worst mistake I made
Nothing I can think of.
The best friend I made on the job
My manager, who is also an angel investor at Ola.
How I had fun at work
I got to travel a lot and meet amazing people. That was a lot of fun.
FEATURED ARTICLES

UK union rejects Jaguar Land Rover pay offer  moves towards strikeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Farm  services fuel states GDP growth  not factoriesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Teacher who tried to stop Washington state shooting hailed as heroBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Assam: 9 dead  28 injured in bus accidentComments
Nine persons were killed and 24 others injured when a bus fell into a ditch after hitting the railing of a road in Nagaon district of Assam, early on Sunday.
Nagaon district SP, Arabinda Kalita said that the mishap occurred as the driver lost his control over the vehicle.
“The bus was in high speed and the driver lost his control over the vehicle. The bus was traveling from Lakhimpur and its destination was Guwahati. Among the nine dead, five are men and four are women”, said Kalita.
Police said that there were 33 people in the bus. The injured were initially admitted at the Nagaon civil hospital. Later, the eight persons who were critically injured were shifted to the Gauhati Medical College Hospital (GMCH).
The bus was operated by Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC). There were allegations from injured passengers that due to negligence of state emergency ambulance service officials, they reached  the Nagaon hospital about three hours late.
Chief minister, Tarun Gogoi has instituted a probe into the accident and expressed his condolences.

Delhi: Uneasy calm in Trilokpuri after communal clash16
0
New Delhi: An uneasy calm prevailed in Trilokpuri area of East Delhi, on Sunday, after the clashes between two groups left 19 people injured including five with gunshot injuries. No untoward incident has been reported in the past 12 hours. Section 144 has been imposed in the area. The Rapid Action Force remains deployed. The situation is tense but under control.
Some families have left the area following the outbreak of violence.
The police have detained 65 people so far and say the situation is now under control. "We have registered a case of rioting and other sections of IPC. Combing operations are on and the situation is being monitored at the highest level," said a senior police official.
Adequate police force has been deployed in the violence-hit area to prevent any further outbreak of trouble. Local Aman (peace) Committees have been activated for early restoration of normalcy, said a statement issued by Delhi Police.
It all started when some youths belonging to two communities clashed on Diwali night.
(With inputs from PTI)

Book explores philanthropy angle in Tata storyBook explores philanthropy angle in Tata story
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 26, 2014 11:05 AM IST
The values at the heart of the Tata Group as well as the role played in its development by the philanthropic trusts that own two-thirds of the company are explored in a new book that is a brief history of the Tatas.
How did Tata transform itself from a family-owned venture to the position it is today in an array of unrelated businesses? What is the 'Tata Way', which has earned it much admiration and respect?
These are among several aspects that the book "The Greatest Company in the World?: The Story of Tata" by Peter Casey looks into.
It charts the contribution of every Tata chairman - from Jamsetji Tata, who set up the company in 1868, to Ratan Tata and Cyrus Mistry in transforming the company into one of the most professionally-managed enterprises in the world.
As founder and Executive Chairman of Claddagh Resources, Casey decided to write the book initially to help his recruiters and executive search consultants have a better understanding of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), which over 14 years, had become his company's biggest client.
"It was supposed to just be a short 15-page summary, but the more I started studying TCS and Tata, the more captivated I got and the project developed a life of its own," he says.
According to the writer, while other successful capitalists and captains of industry started companies to create profit and, thereby, wealth, Jamsetji Tata planted the seeds of philanthropic trusts, which now own 66 per cent of the Tata Group.
"In harmony with his religion, Tata's company would exist to finance and initiate projects to improve the lives of the people of India," he says.
"So, Jamsetji Tata became not only a catalyst for sweeping change in his vast homeland, but, in the process, conceptualised an entirely new way of doing business as well as philanthropy. What he began has changed the lives of billions, as the company he founded continues to work for the betterment of society," he says.

Prohibitory orders clamped after communal clashes in east DelhiProhibitory orders clamped after communal clashes in east Delhi
Assam bus crash: Nine killed  24 injured as bus falls in ditch in NagaondistrictNagoan: Poilice and villagers stand near a damaged bus which met with an accident at the Uluwani area near Koliabor in Nagaon some of 220 km east of Guwahati on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Assam | Posted: October 27, 2014 2:07 am
At least nine persons were killed – five of them women – and 26 others injured when a night bus run by the Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC) went off the highway and fell into a small river in Nagaon district in central Assam late last night.
Nagaon district SP Arabinda Kalita said the ill-fated bus was on its way from North Lakhimpur in eastern Assam to Guwahati when the accident occurred. Majority of the passengers were on their way to catch a train in Guwahati today morning en route to Lucknow and other places for visiting some places of pilgrimage.
An injured being shifted to Guwahati Medical College Hospital (GMCH) after a bus accident at Nagaon in Assam in Guwahati on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
“The bus which had also picked up some other passengers on the way must have lost control following which it hit the railings of a bridge and fell into a small river. While eight persons had died on the spot, one person died on being shifted to a hospital,” SP Kalita said. The accident occurred at village Uluwoni under Kaliabor police station at around 1:30 AM, after having traveled about two kilometers after crossing the Kaliabhomora bridge on the Brahmaputra.
Eight of the dead have been identified as Pranita Dutta, Jogen Barua, Padumi Barua, Nila Bora, Dhanada Saikia, Kusha Gogoi (driver), Ananda Bora and his wife Nilima Bora. While 26 others who were rescued by local villagers and sent to local hospitals at Kaliabor and Nagaon, 10 of them were later shifted to Guwahati Medical College Hospital here.
Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who is currently in New Delhi, has ordered an inquiry to be conducted by the secretary of the state transport department. The state government also announced ex-gratia to the next of kin of those killed and announced free treatment to those who sustained injuries.
 

US strikes pound jihadists as Iraq Kurds prepare to joinfightPrint
Birds fly as smoke rises over the town of Kobani following airstrikes by the US led coalition seen from the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border, Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda)
By: Associated Press | Mursitpinar | Posted: October 26, 2014 11:48 am
US-led warplanes have bombarded the Islamic State group with new air strikes as heavily armed Iraqi Kurdish fighters were on Sunday readying to reinforce the besieged Syrian border town of Kobane. Kurdish forces, backed by US air power, have been holding out for weeks against an IS offensive around Kobane, which has become a high-profile symbol of efforts to stop the advance of the jihadists.
The Kurdish regional government in northern Iraq unveiled plans on Friday for up to 200 well-trained peshmerga to join Syrian Kurdish forces defending Kobane in the coming week. Kurdish news agency Rudaw said the first contingent could head to the town as early today, but there was no immediate confirmation of that timetable. Since Turkey conceded to US pressure to allow vetted reinforcements into Kobane to prevent IS winning the prominent battle for the town, the jihadists have made repeated attempts to cut the border before any help can arrive.
People herd a flock of sheep backdropped by the Syrian city of Kobani engulfed in smoke, following airstrikes by the US led coalition on the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border, Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda)
Before dawn yesterday, IS fighters hit Kurdish forces defending the Syrian side of the border crossing with mortar and heavy machinegun fire, an AFP correspondent on the Turkish side reported. The heavy mortar fire around the Mursitpinar crossing prompted the Turkish army to order the evacuation of nearby hilltops from where the world’s press has been watching the battle for the town.
The US-led military coalition fighting IS launched 22 air strikes in Iraq and one in Syria on Friday and Saturday, the Pentagon said. Eleven of the bombings in the heavy barrage targeted IS units, buildings, positions and vehicles near Iraq’s strategic Mosul Dam. Kurdish forces backed by US air strikes yesterday retook the town of Zumar northwest of Mosul from IS after weeks of fighting, a senior officer said.
Smoke rises during fighting in Kobani, seen from the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border, Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (AP continued…

Manohar Lal Khattar becomes fourth non-Jat to lead Haryana in 48yearsKhattar was sworn in as the Haryana CM in Panchkula today. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 26, 2014 10:51 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 5:58 am
Karnal MLA Manohar Lal Khattar , 60, took oath as BJP’s first-ever chief minister in Haryana in a grand ceremony on Saturday. Six MLAs were sworn-in as Cabinet ministers , while three were administered oath as Ministers of State with independent charge. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and top party leaders, including L K Advani, Amit Shah, Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh and Venkaiah Naidu, attended the ceremony, which was held in Panchkula.
Several RSS leaders as well as chief ministers of BJP-ruled states — Gujarat CM Anandiben Patel, Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje, Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and Goa CM Manohar Parrikar — also attended the event.
In pics: Narendra Modi, Amit Shah attend Khattar’s swearing-in
Haryana Governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath to the CM and the Cabinet ministers. Those inducted into Khattar’s Cabinet include Rambilas Sharma (MLA from Mahendergarh), Capt. Abhimanyu (Narnaund), Anil Vij (Ambala-Cantonment), O P Dhankar (Badli), Kavita Jain (Sonepat) and Rao Narbir Singh (Badshahpur).
Soon after taking oath, Sharma told mediapersons that the state government would order a probe into the alleged land scams that took place during the previous government in Haryana. “We shall get a sitting high court judge to probe the land scams that took place in Haryana,” he said.
The Ministers of State who were sworn in are Bikram Singh Thekedar (Kosli), Krishan Kumar (Shahbad) and Karan Dev Kamboj (Indri).
Before the ceremony began, the state government arranged for an SUV for each Cabinet minister.
A separate stage was created to accommodate the remaining BJP MLAs, and various religious and RSS leaders. An unprecedented security cover comprising more than 3,000 policemen was put in place at the venue.
Vij said that “working for the welfare of the people and ensuring inclusive development” would be the government’s top priority.
In the newly inducted Cabinet, all members except Sharma and Rao Narbir Singh are first-time ministers.
Former Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda did not attend the ceremony and claimed that he was not invited . “If I was invited, I would have thought about attending the event. But no invitation reached me,” Hooda said. However, the state government maintained that Hooda had been invited to the event.
The first meeting of the new Cabinet will be held under the chairmanship of Khattar in Haryana Civil Secretariat in Chandigarh at 11 am on Monday.
READ: Haryana govt contradicts Hooda’s claim, says he was invited to Khattar swearing-in
After taking oath, the CM and his Cabinet went to the Haryana Civil Secretariat and held a meeting with administrative secretaries of the state government.
During the meeting, Khattar said that the welfare of the people should be the ultimate aim for each of them. “Apart from continued…

Haryana s first BJP chief minister sworn-inHaryana s first BJP chief minister sworn-in
FPI inflows hit $1.5 billion in October; reach $35 billion so for this yearFPI inflows hit $1.5 billion in October; reach $35 billion so for this year
FDI in services sector dips 9% to $1.08 bn in April-AugustFDI in services sector dips 9% to $1.08 bn in April-August
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Foreign direct investment in the services sector dipped 9 per cent to $1.08 billion during April-August this fiscal.
The services sector, which includes banking, insurance, outsourcing, R&D, courier and technology testing, had received FDI worth $1.19 billion during the first five months of the previous fiscal, 2013-14, according to the data by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion.
The services sector contributes over 60 per cent to India’s GDP. In 2013-14, foreign investment in the sector fell to $2.2 billion from $4.83 billion in 2012-13.
Due to decline in important sectors like services, overall foreign inflows have dipped about 10 per cent in August.
The other sectors, which have recorded decline in foreign investment during the first five months of this financial year, include construction, pharmaceuticals, automobile and metallurgical industries.
Foreign investments are considered crucial for India, which needs around $1 trillion over five years (2012-17) to overhaul its infrastructure sector such as ports, airports and highways to boost growth.
Decline in foreign investments could put pressure on the country’s balance of payments and may also impact the value of the rupee.
On October 22, the Indian rupee had closed at 61.27 against the US dollar.
The government is taking steps to boost inflows into the services sector and has decided to raise the FDI limit to 49 per cent in the insurance sector from the current level of 26 per cent.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Coal unions to meet on Oct 31 against de-nationalisationCoal unions to meet on Oct 31 against de-nationalisation
PTI
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 26:  
Steering committees of five central coal sector trade unions are meeting on October 31 for the next course of action for the proposed de-nationalisation of the sector.
“The steering committee of 5 CTUs will meet on October 31 at Ranchi to decide future course of action to combat the proposed gradual de-nationalisation of coal mines by way of allowing commercial mining by private sector,” Indian National Mine Workers’ Federation Secretary-General S Q Zama told PTI.
He said under no circumstances the unions will compromise on allowing commercial mining by private sector which is nothing but de-nationalisation of coal sector.
“We will put our all strength and do whatever is needed, including long-term strikes,” Zama said.
He said that along with other issues, he will also try to build a consensus on not allowing private sector executives for the race for the post of chairman.
According to sources, the government might conduct the interview on November 18. The last date for application is October 29 and so far three candidates have sent their applications.
These include R Mohan Das, Director-Personnel and Industrial Relations, N Kumar, Director-Technical from CIL and Gopal Singh, CMD of CIL subsidiary Central Coalfields.
There is no information about any private sector applicant for the post.
The CIL chairman’s post has been lying vacant since the retirement of S Narsing Rao in May and is currently managed by the Additional Secretary in the coal ministry A K Dubey.
The Prime Minister’s Office has directed the Coal Ministry to set up a search-cum-selection committee to choose the candidate and carry out the appointment process through the Public Enterprise Selection Board (PSEB).
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Money spent on Swachh Bharat  Clean Ganga comes under CSR ambitMoney spent on Swachh Bharat, Clean Ganga comes under CSR ambit
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 26, 2014 11:26 AM IST
Widening the activities coming under CSR ambit, contributions made by corporates towards Narendra Modi-led government's two key initiatives -- Swachh Bharat and Clean Ganga -- will now be considered as social welfare spending work.
Making amendments to the Companies Act, the Corporate Affairs Ministry has said that contributions to 'Swachh Bharat Kosh' and 'Clean Ganga Fund' would come under CSR framework.
'Swach Bharat Kosh' has been set up to attract funds, from various entities including corporates, for activities related to Swachh Bharat initiative. The 'Clean Ganga Fund' is aimed at pooling money for taking up works to clean the Ganga river.
These two initiatives are the latest ones to be brought under the Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) ambit where already contributions made to the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund has been included.
Through a notification, the Ministry has inserted the words 'including contribution to the Swach Bharat Kosh set up by the central government for the promotion of sanitation" in Schedule VII of the Act.
Besides, the words "including contribution to the Clean Ganga Fund set up by the central government for rejuvenation of river Ganga" have been inserted in the Schedule.
Schedule VII of Companies Act, 2013, pertains to CSR activities.
Swachh Bharat and Clean Ganga are among the major initiatives of the Modi government, which has embarked on a major drive to ensure cleanliness across the country.
Schedule VII also includes "contribution to the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund or any other fund set up by the Central Government for socio-economic development and relief and welfare of the Scheduled Castes, the Scheduled Tribes, other backward classes, minorities and women".
Certain class of profitable companies are required to shell out at least two per cent of their three-year average annual net profit towards CSR activities. The provision, part of the new Companies Act, came into force from April 1.
These norms would be applicable to companies having at least Rs 5 crore net profit, or Rs 1,000 crore turnover or Rs 500 crore net worth.
Such companies would need to spend two per cent of their three-year average annual net profit on CSR activities in each financial year, beginning 2014-15 fiscal.
Livelihood enhancement and rural development projects, working towards protection of national heritage, setting up public libraries, promotion and development of traditional arts and handicrafts, are among the activities coming under CSR ambit.
Among others, eradicating hunger, poverty and malnutrition, promoting preventive health care and sanitation and making available safe drinking water; promoting gender equality and rural development projects, would also considered as social welfare spending.

Sebi-DLF case may have wider ramificationsDLF
(The company has challenged…)
NEW DELHI: As realty giant DLF fights a three-year capital markets ban imposed by regulator Sebi, the case is being seen as one having wider ramifications for the entire real estate sector and the regulatory framework applicable to them.
Sebi barred DLF and six others, including the company's chairman and other top executives, earlier this month from accessing capital markets for three years for "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its public offer more than seven years ago in 2007.
The company has challenged the order through an appeal before the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), which would hear the case next on October 30.
During the first hearing last week, the company sought an interim relief from the Tribunal, while the regulator faced the flak for delay in passing the order and also for the adverse impact suffered by minority shareholders of DLF in the form of a huge 30 per cent plunge in the company's market valuation in a single day post the order.
While promoters own 74.93 per cent stake in DLF, foreign institutional investors have close to 20 per cent and retail shareholders have about 4 per cent among others.
As the case progresses, the industry experts are of the opinion that it could potentially become a watershed case for the capital markets and other regulations applicable to the real estate companies.
Without willing to be named, as the matter is currently before SAT, top executives from real estate sector and capital markets intermediaries said the case needs to be seen in a different perspective from those pertaining to sectors other than real estate.
At the same time, the role of merchant bankers , legal advisors and others involved in the process of making IPO-related disclosures also needs to be examined, they said.
The case has also brought to limelight 'technicalities' involved in the practice of Sebi giving 'observations' and not 'approval or clearance' for an IPO, they added.
There is a view that regulators need to understand that the business practices tend to be different in real estate sector, from manufacturing or other segments of the economy.
However, others feel that regulations cannot be overlooked to accommodate certain 'prevailing practices' in one particular sector, such as those related to use of 'friendly' entities for purchase of land or development rights in the name of ease of doing business.
In his order, Sebi's Whole-Time Member Rajeev Agarwal said violations were "grave and have larger implications on safety and integrity of the securities market" and accused DLF and the six top management persons (at the time of filing IPO documents) of non-disclosure of certain dealings with three subsidiaries through "sham transactions".
While Sebi has not imposed any monetary penalty, the prohibition has barred DLF from any sale, purchase or any other dealings in securities markets for a period of three years, including for raising funds.
This is one of the rare orders by Sebi where it barred a blue-chip firm and its top promoter/executives from market.
DLF had debt of over Rs 19,000 crore as on June 30, 2014, while its already-proposed fund raising plans include Rs 3,500 crore through issue of certain bonds to replace costlier debt. It has annual turnover of nearly Rs 10,000 crore.
Seeking an interim relief, DLF has submitted before SAT that it needs to redeem funds, including those locked in mutual funds as also through redemption of certain bonds.
SAT has sought Sebi's reply to the company's plea for interim relief.
During the last hearing, the Tribunal observed that Sebi, while passing its much-delayed ban, should have envisaged the impact of its regulatory actions on the investors.
"What were you doing all these seven years and when the company applied for IPO way back in 2007? Why didn't you envisage the impact of your actions on the investors as they have lost more than Rs 7,500 crore of their wealth even as you try to be a world class regulator?" SAT Presiding Officer J P Devadhar told Sebi counsel.
DLF's counsel termed the Sebi order as a "death warrant" and not just a ban from the markets. The regulator has also been accused of not checking the revised IPO documents and the 'delta view' in 'track change mode' about the status of subsidiaries and associate companies.
After the Sebi order, DLF had said in a statement on October 13 it has not violated any laws and would defend its position against any adverse findings in the order. "DLF has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future," it had said.
Sebi began its probe after a Delhi High Court order in April 2010, wherein the regulator was asked to undertake an investigation into the complaints made by Kimsuk Sinha, who had also filed complaints with Sebi in 2007.
The complaints were mainly related to DLF's dealings with some of its allegedly related entities--Sudipti, Shalika and Felicite, which Sebi termed as "sham transactions" and employing "a plan, scheme, design and device to camouflage the association" of DLF with these three entities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swiss gold exports to India cross Rs 70 000 ...You are here: Home > Collections
Swiss gold exports to India cross Rs 70,000 crore; banks turn wary after black money probe
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 02.30PM IST
Tags:
banking industry
(As per Swiss government…)
NEW DELHI/BERNE: As banks in Switzerland come under greater black money scrutiny, the quantum of gold having left Swiss shores for India so far this year has reached a record high level of over 11 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 70,000 crore).
The gold exports from Switzerland to India stood at over 2.2 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 15,000 crore) in September alone, which is double the figure for the previous month, shows latest data released by Swiss Customs Administration.
As a result, the total Swiss gold exports to India since January this year has grown to 11.4 billion Swiss francs, shows the data compiled by the Swiss government's cross-border trade monitoring agency.
While industry watchers attribute the surge during September partly to increased demand for the yellow metal ahead of Diwali and other festivals in India, the sudden spike is also being seen suspiciously in the backdrop of gold being used for 'layering' purposes to move funds from Swiss banks amid growing scrutiny for suspected black money.
According to banking industry sources, banks operating in Switzerland, including those headquartered in the Alpine nation and the Swiss units of other European banks, have turned wary about dealing with their Indian clients in the wake of a growing scrutiny of such accounts.
A number of Swiss banks, including three with significant global presence, have begun telling their Indian clients to sign undertakings that are aimed at 'derisking' the banking institutions from potential risks arising out of regulatory actions against the bank customers by foreign governments.
Some banks are also telling their clients to close their accounts if they are not ready to take such risks, or if they have apprehensions about such accounts not being compliant to regulatory requirements in their home countries.
Through these 'derisking' undertakings, the customer agrees to take responsibility for any possible regulatory or administrative compliance with international norms.
At the same time, the bankers are also lobbying with the Swiss government to ensure that any information would be shared with their Indian counterpart about accounts held in Swiss banks only after necessary provisions are made to safeguard the interest of the concerned banking institution.
Following a high-level delegation visit from India, Switzerland recently agreed to cooperate on matters related to verification of genuineness of accounts and reply to requests for banking account details in a time-bound manner, and also to initiate a process to include India among the countries eligible for 'automatic exchange of information'.
While banks try to put in place necessary safeguards, there are apprehensions that many of their clients are being advised to move the funds through gold and other routes.
As per Swiss government data, the total exports of gold, silver and coins from Switzerland stood at 347 tonnes (worth 6.62 billion Swiss francs) in September. This included gold exports totalling 172.5 tonnes or 6.48 billion Swiss francs.
In comparison, Switzerland's total gold exports stood at just about three billion Swiss francs (80.6 tonnes) in August, while the overall figure for gold, silver and coins stood at 3.16 billion francs (237 tonnes) in that month.
India alone accounted for total bullion exports worth 66.5 tonnes from Switzerland, which mostly comprised of gold (over 58 tonnes or over 2.2 billion Swiss francs) in September.
The total gold exports to India stood at 29.5 tonnes (1.12 billion Swiss francs) in August, while the figure for July was 21 tonnes (792 million Swiss francs).
In January, the total Swiss gold exports to India stood at about 27 tonnes (970 million Swiss francs), while it was in the range of 30 tonnes a month between February to May before surging to over 44 tonnes (1.62 billion Swiss francs) in June.
A new strategy of 'layering' through gold and diamond trade came to light earlier this year at Swiss banks to thwart any attempt for identification of real beneficiary owners of funds entrusted with them, government and banking sources have said.
There is a growing suspicion that a portion of gold and diamond trade is being used to route funds from Swiss banks to India and other destinations.
'Layering' is a key stage in money laundering and involves moving illicit funds around financial system through a complex series of deals to complicate the paper trail.
This layering typically takes place between the first stage -- placement of black money in the financial system either in cash vaults, or through a series of cash or sham financial transactions -- and before the final 'integration' stage when money is put back into the financial system through various transactions for the benefit of its final recipient.
Under global pressure, Switzerland agreed earlier this year to provide country-wise breakdown of its gold trade.

ML Khattar is now Haryana s first BJP chief ministerML Khattar takes oath as Haryana's first BJP CM
Hitender Rao , Hindustan Times  Chandigarh, October 26, 2014
First Published: 08:24 IST(26/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:05 IST(27/10/2014)
Comments
Manohar Lal Khattar, Haryana's first chief minister from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), took oath at a high-profile event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Panchkula on Sunday.
Manohar Lal Khattar, Haryana’s new chief minister waves to the crowd during his oath taking ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Alongside the 60-year-old former Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) activist, nine ministers -six holding cabinet ranks and three ministers of state (independent charge) - were also sworn in.
Haryana governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath of office and secrecy to Khattar at the Mela Ground in Sector 5 of Panchkula town, adjoining Chandigarh.
Apart from Modi, the high-profile event was attended by some of his cabinet colleagues, chief ministers of BJP-ruled states and RSS leaders.  Senior BJP leaders such as Lal Krishna Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi were also present.
Khattar is the 10th chief minister of the state, which was created November 1, 1966.
It is after 18 years that a non-Jat was sworn in as the Haryana chief minister. Before Khattar, the last non-Jat CM was Bhajan Lal, a Bishnoi. He had been in power from 1991 to 1996.
Since 1996, successive Jat leaders — Bansi Lal of the HVP-BJP, Om Prakash Chautala of the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and Bhupinder Singh Hooda of the Congress — have ruled the state.
The BJP had scripted history in the recently held Haryana assembly elections, winning 47 of the 90 seats in the state that helped the party form the government on its own.  The party's vote share, too, had galloped from 9% to 33%.
The six cabinet ministers sworn-in on the occasion were Ram Bilas Sharma, Abhimanyu, OP Dhankar, Anil Vij, Rao Narvir Singh and Kavita Jain.
The ministers of state (MoS) who were administered the oath of office and secrecy were Bikram Singh Thekedar, Krishan Bedi and Karan Dev Kamboj. They all will hold independent charges.
(L to R) Rambliash Sharma, Manohar Lal Khattar, Anil Vij and OP Dhankar during the oath ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Who is Khattar?
Khattar - a Punjabi - is a sworn bachelor. He has the backup of the RSS and is seen as close to Modi, who endorsed his name for the CM's post in Haryana.
Khattar's selection silenced his critics, who said he lacks administrative experience as well as a popular base.
Khattar, often dubbed an "outsider" by rivals, also outdid the Jat-Punjabi rivalry that runs deep in the northern state.
"The majority view is in favour of having a non-Jat as chief minister," a BJP leader had said earlier.
Khattar, who had been an RSS pracharak for the past 40 years and an active BJP member for more than 20 years, won the Karnal seat with a big margin of more than 63,000 votes in his debut election.
He belongs to Rohtak's Nindana village.
Khattar has worked as an organising secretary in Haryana BJP when Modi was the in-charge of party affairs in the state.
The very fact that the BJP fielded him from Karnal, considered a rather safe seat for the party, gave ample indication of its plans for the Punjabi leader.
Kaptan Singh Solanki, Haryana governor and Manohar Lal Khattar during the oath ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Challenges ahead
The new chief minister has no previous administrative experience. He will have to take care of his greenhorn cabinet team as well.
Khattar, who is known in the BJP circles as a strategist, will be tested for his administrative acumen and the ability to deliver.
All in the stars?
Planetary positions seem to have decided the day and the time of Khattar's oath-taking.
It was evident from the official invite to the swearing-in ceremony, where the time of oath-taking was printed as a precise 11.23am.
"The date and the time seem to have been chosen carefully," said Chandigarh-based astrologer Prem Kumar Sharma, adding: "Tritiya tithi and Anuradha nakshatra fall on October 26, which are quite favourable (star positions)."
Another astrologer said that at the time, Mangal (Mars) would be in lagna (ascendant).
"Mars is a planet of aggression, which shows that the new chief minister would be an assertive individual. During this period, Sun will be in the 11th house, which is a house of gains but associated with enemy planets Venus and Saturn, indicating loss of sheen in governance," said the fortuneteller.
(with IANS inputs)

Focus on Modi s tea party as Maharashtra thriller continuesPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday held a gathering for the 400-odd MPs of the National Democratic Alliance, the first such event since taking power at the Centre.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MPs at his residence in Delhi. (PTI File Photo)
His message to the allies was clear: “think big, far and above politics” and be a “force with tremendous positive energy” while helping the government achieve its goals.
The Diwali Milan, at the PM’s residence, was seen as an exercise to dispel any impression of a gap between the government and the alliance. And Modi sought to take the MPs on board as he discussed his government’s recent initiatives.
All Shiv Sena MPs, including Union heavy industries minister Anant Geete, were present but there were no political discussions, as suspense continued over whether the party will be part of a BJP-led government in Maharashtra. “It was a purely official function,” Geete said.
Modi urged the NDA MPs to visit schools in their areas over a five-day period starting November 14 — the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru — and explain to children the importance of hygiene. “Achieving Swachh Bharat (clean India) is tough but just as the people of this country got together to eradicate polio, Swachh Bharat can also be achieved,” he said.
Making a detailed presentation on the economy, finance minister Arun Jaitley explained the reasons behind the government’s gas pricing and diesel deregulation moves.
He argued that the decision to let the market determine petroleum product prices had helped bring down diesel rates. And he pointed out that while the Centre was committed to pushing growth, it was mindful of the people and had taken the end user price into consideration while determining gas pricing.
The minister also said the government had managed to curb inflation to some extent, and briefed MPs on the Pradhanmantri Jan Dhan Yojana, calling the ‘banking for all’ mission a big success.
Similarly, labour minister Narendra Singh Tomar made a presentation on recent reforms undertaken by the government while rural development minister Nitin Gadkari briefed MPs about the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana, under which parliamentarians would adopt and develop model villages .
Modi urged his guests to convey to the masses that these initiatives were not aimed at curbing the interests of workers but, rather, were an exercise to ensure their rights were protected.
To an enquiry from the audience on the progress in the black money case, Jaitley said investigations in some cases were nearing conclusion and the government would soon file a charge sheet in court and also bring the names of foreign account holders in the public domain.
The event also saw the PM felicitate BJP president Amit Shah for the party’s victory in the Haryana and Maharashtra elections.

India among the biggest growth drivers for EricssonIndia among the biggest growth drivers for Ericsson
Government may unveil new Planning body before Winter SessionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

TCS sees digital services as over $5-bn opportunityTCS sees digital services as over $5-bn opportunity
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 26, 2014 11:26 AM IST
Country's largest IT services firm Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) expects digital platforms like cloud, Big Data and mobility solutions to bring in cumulative revenues of over $5 billion in next few years.
Earlier, the Mumbai-based firm had said that it expects to do $5 billion cumulative business over the next three to four years from the "digital opportunity".
"The way to look at it is that, when I originally said it, I said that over the next three to four years we will do $5 billion cumulative. But now, I think we will do much more than that on a cumulative basis," TCS CEO and Managing Director N Chandrasekaran told analysts.
The run rate will not touch the $5 billion mark but it will definitely touch a few billion dollars, he added.
He said the opportunity is huge as most of the ADM work that is getting replaced or rationalised is moving into digital.
"Most of the infrastructure contracts come up with outsourcing of infrastructure to maintain the service levels in a managed services model, but with a transformation component to move to cloud infrastructure," he said.
And commoditised applications, when they are transitioned, customers are willing to look at application platforms which are cloud-based, he added.
"So, all these three facts will definitely move things to Digital," he said.
Chandrasekaran, who recently got a five-year extension, said at the announcement of the firm's second quarter results that TCS is contemplating whether to disclose numbers from the digital technologies stream.
For the July-September quarter, the Mumbai-based company posted 13.2% jump in its net profit at Rs 5,244 crore as against Rs 4,653.9 crore in the year-ago period.
Revenue jumped 13.5% to Rs 23,816 crore in the second quarter ended September 30 as compared to Rs 20,977 crore in the corresponding period of last year.
However, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, net profit was down by 5.8%, but revenue grew 7.7%.

CRISIL downgrades J&K Bank s depositsCRISIL downgrades J&K Bank's deposits
BS Reporter | Mumbai Oct 24, 2014 11:58 PM IST
Rating agency CRISIL has downgraded Jammu & Kashmir (J&K) Bank’s fixed deposits from ‘AA+/stable’ to ‘AA/negative’. The move reflected the stress on the bank’s asset quality and the expected impact on its profitability, the agency said in a statement.
The rating on the bank’s short-term debt instruments has been reaffirmed at ‘A1+’, which reflects J&K Bank’s healthy resource profile and the systemic support it is expected to receive in the event of distress, given its dominance in J&K and its status as banker to the state government.
The bank’s resource profile is marked by a stable retail deposit base.
The share of low-cost current account and savings account deposits in the bank’s overall deposits stood at 41 per cent as of June 30, significantly higher than the sector average of 32 per cent.
The strengths, however, are partially offset by the bank’s average asset quality and the small scale and high geographical concentration of its operations.
In recent months, there have been material slippages in the bank’s large corporate book. The weak asset quality in the corporate advances segment was due to exposure to high-risk sectors and borrowers, CRISIL said. The bank’s overall gross non-performing assets increased from 1.7 per cent at the end of March this year to 4.2 per cent as of June 30, primarily due to slippages in two large corporate accounts.
At the end of March this year, the bank’s total assets stood at Rs 78,620 crore, against Rs 71,740 crore as of March 31, 2013.
The weakness in the bank’s corporate loan book is expected to be compounded by the impact of the recent floods in the state. The significant losses to commercial property and assets for small and medium enterprises and traders are likely to affect asset quality. About 45 per cent of the bank’s advances are in J&K.

Beetroot beneficial for heart failure patients  athletesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Swachh Bharat Abhiyan for cleaner airportsCivil aviation ministry mulls to use Swachh Bharat Abhiyan for cleaner airports
Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Oct 25, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Airports Authority of India
(Civil aviation ministry…)
NEW DELHI: Smelly airport bathrooms could soon be a thing of the past. The civil aviation ministry is planning to use the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on October 2 to ensure a future in which people don't have to hold their noses while using the facilities at airports.
Cleanliness at various airports managed by the state-run Airports Authority of India became a concern for the ministry, after several members of Parliament raised a stink about deplorable hygiene.
The civil aviation ministry then conducted surprise checks across airports in the country to see if service standards were being followed. The inspection kicked off with Chennai airport where hygiene was found to be less than desirable. Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapati Pusapati Raju gave the airport authority a month to clean up its act.
As part of the effort, the ministry is in the process of instituting a cleanliness award for airports in three categories - those with an annual capacity of above 10 million passengers, those between 1 million and 10 million and those below 1 million. This will be the first time in the country that the airports compete with each other on cleanliness. The civil aviation ministry's clean airport plan does not have a deadline, as officials feel it will be a continuous process.
Analysts welcomed the move and want the government to ensure that underperformers are forced to improve.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nitin Gadkari to launch electronic toll system on October 31You are here: Home > Collections
Nitin Gadkari to launch electronic toll system on October 31
PTI Oct 24, 2014, 09.00PM IST
Tags:
Electronic Toll Collection system
(Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari will…)
NEW DELHI: Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari will inaugurate the electronic toll collection system on October 31, a few days later than planned earlier.
"The launching of the Electronic Toll Collection (ETC) system has been rescheduled. The Union Minister of Road Transport & Highways, Shri Nitin Gadkari will now inaugurate the system on October 31 instead of October 27," an official statement said.
ETC has already been installed at 55 Toll Plazas and their integration with Central Clearing House (CCH) operators has almost been completed on the Delhi-Mumbai route via Haryana, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Maharashtra.
A pilot project for Interoperable ETC system of 10 toll plazas between Mumbai (Charoti) and Ahmadabad has already been tested and seamless ETC on this section is successfully in operation.
The central government has issued orders to incorporate ETC lanes as a mandatory clause in the contracts awarded for all the highways projects in future.
"Action will be taken to include ETC system by means of supplementary agreement in those projects which have not yet been started," the statement said.
For implementing ETC across the country, a new company under Company's Act 1956, with equity participation from NHAI (25 per cent), Concessionaires (50 per cent) and Financial Institutions (25 per cent) has already been constituted. The name of the new company is " Indian Highways Management Company Limited ".
The company's objectives include collection of toll through ETC and to manage the project and commercially provide services of central ETC system.
Necessary amendments have already been made in the Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989 for fitment of Radio Frequency Identification tag on vehicles for ETC.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Narendra Modi to review progress of infrastructure sectors on November 5You are here: Home > Collections > Infrastructure
PM Narendra Modi to review progress of infrastructure sectors on November 5
PTI Oct 22, 2014, 04.36PM IST
Tags:
infrastructure sector
(In order to push infrastructure…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will review the progress of infrastructure sectors including roads, railways and power in the presence of senior officials of concerned ministries on November 5.
"The Prime Minister has called a meeting to review the progress of various infrastructure projects being implemented under different ministries on November 5," a source said.
"Since the Commission has been monitoring infrastructure sectors, the Prime Minister will review the progress report prepared by body", he said.
According to the information available, Planning Secretary Sindhushree Khullar will also be present at the meeting to brief the Prime Minister about the monitoring report on infrastructure prepared by the Commission.
The Commission has been calling meetings of various officials these days to finalise its assessment report on different infrastructure sectors.
In order to push infrastructure development in the country, Modi had asked his ministers to electronically monitor the progress of projects and directed the Railways to submit a comprehensive plan for encouraging foreign direct investment in the last review meeting held on September 12.
There are instructions to review progress of eight major infrastructure sectors - Civil Aviation, Ports and Inland Waterways, Railways, Roads, Telecom, Power, Coal, and New and Renewable Energy on monthly basis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian portfolio manager sentenced to 2 years  probation in USE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Make payment exceeding Rs 20 000 through cheque: MHA to NGOs30
0
New Delhi: Tightening the noose around erring foreign-funded NGOs, the government has ordered that all voluntary organisations henceforth will have to make payments exceeding Rs 20,000 through account payee cheques or drafts.
The order came weeks after the Home Ministry found that over 10,000 NGOs receiving foreign funds have failed to submit their mandatory annual returns for three consecutive years from 2009.
During the course of inspection of records and accounts of the associations registered or granted prior permission under Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act, 2010 from time to time, the government has observed that some NGOs withdraw huge amount of foreign contribution from their foreign contribution designated bank accounts and utilisation accounts by cash.
The order came weeks after the Home Ministry found that over 10,000 NGOs receiving foreign funds have failed to submit their mandatory annual returns for three consecutive years from 2009.
#mha #ngo #home ministry #fcra
The issue of fixing an upper limit for incurring expenditure by association registered or granted prior permission under the FCRA by cash from foreign contribution designated bank accounts and utilisation accounts has been under consideration of the government for some time.
"The government after considering the issue, advises all FCRA associations that items of expenditure/ payments amounting to Rs 20,000 or more should be done by cheque/demand drafts," a circular issued by Joint Secretary in the Home Ministry GK Dwivedi said.
The Home Ministry has already made it clear that the records and accounts of NGOs indulging in cash payments of Rs 20,000 or more from foreign contribution designated accounts or utilisation accounts are likely to require more intensive scrutiny by government.
Quoting the Income Tax Act, the Home Ministry said any expenditure incurred by certain categories of NGOs in respect of which payment is made for a sum exceeding Rs 20,000 otherwise than by an account payee cheque drawn on a bank or by an account payee draft, shall not be allowed as a deduction under the Income Tax Act.
Those NGOs which have not filed their return for three consecutive years from 2009 include 1,441 NGOs in Andhra Pradesh, 1,167 in Uttar Pradesh, 1,108 in Tamil Nadu, 990 in Maharashtra, 821 in Karnataka, 748 in West Bengal, 655 in Bihar, 643 in Odisha, 538 in Kerala, 400 in Delhi, 378 in Gujarat, 38 in Jammu and Kashmir and 130 in Assam besides others.
About four months ago, a classified Intelligence Bureau report had reportedly said of "anti-development" activities by several foreign funded non-governmental organisations (NGOs), saying they were "negatively impacting economic development" by agitating against big infrastructure projects. There are 42,529 NGOs registered under FCRA as on July 16. However, there is no specific data available in respect of NGOs not registered under FCRA.
9

Delhi s Trilokpuri tense but no fresh clashes reportedDelhi s Trilokpuri tense but no fresh clashes reported
Services sector FDI dips 9% to $1.08 bn in A...Foreign Direct Investment
(The services sector contributes…)
NEW DELHI: Foreign direct investment in the services sector dipped by 9 per cent to $1.08 billion during the April-August period of the ongoing fiscal.
The services sector, which includes banking, insurance, outsourcing, R&D, courier and technology testing, had received FDI worth $1.19 billion during the first five months of the previous fiscal, 2013-14, according to the data by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion.
The services sector contributes over 60 per cent to India's GDP . In 2013-14, foreign investment in the sector fell to $2.2 billion from $4.83 billion in 2012-13.
Due to decline in important sectors like services, overall foreign inflows have dipped by about 10 per cent in August.
The other sectors which have recorded decline in foreign investment during the first-five months of this financial year include construction, pharmaceuticals, automobile and metallurgical industries.
Foreign investments are considered crucial for India, which needs around $1 trillion over five years (2012-17) to overhaul its infrastructure sector such as ports, airports and highways to boost growth.
Decline in foreign investments could put pressure on the country's balance of payments and may also impact the value of the rupee.
On october 22, the Indian rupee closed at 61.27 against the US dollar .
The government is taking steps to boost inflows into the services sector and has decided to raise FDI limit to 49 per cent in the insurance sector from the current level of 26 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi Police registers 5.5 lakh reports via mobile appOct 26, 2014 at 11:02am IST
Delhi Police registers 5.5 lakh reports via mobile app
14
0
New Delhi: More than 5.5 lakh people have used a Delhi Police app for registering complaints for loss or theft of items like mobile phones, passports and PAN cards since its launch in February.
According to police, the 'Delhi Police Lost Report' app is aimed at sparing the people the trouble of physically going to the police station to get a complaint registered for such cases.
A digitally-signed document is provided to the people who use the app to register cases which can then be used to get the document reissued. Also, nearly 8,000 Police Clearance Certificates (PCC) have been issued after a web application was launched for the service in August.
The app allows people to report the loss of anything from mobile phones and laptops to documents like bank passbooks and certificates.
#delhi #delhi police #bs bassi #delhi police app
Buoyed by the success of the twin initiatives, Delhi Police is soon going to launch an app through which people can file an FIR for the theft of motor vehicles.
"Since its launch, more than 5,50,000 people have used the lost report app to report loss of their articles. This means that so many people were saved from the trouble of physically going to the police station. They reported the matter to us via their phones and they were provided a digitally-signed receipt on their email IDs," said Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi.
The app, which was launched on February 28, allows people to report the loss of anything from mobile phones and laptops to documents like bank passbooks and certificates.
People can also log on to the Delhi Police website to report such cases. Talking about the PCC web application, Bassi said that till date, 9,178 applications have been received by police with 7,813 PCCs having been issued. "No application took more than seven days to be processed ... 661 applications were rejected.
The interesting thing is that we thought only young people will use this app but we have seen even senior citizens of 70-75 years of age using it to get a PCC," he said. An individual or a company can apply for a PCC by going to the Delhi Police website. This way, they can get the certificate within seven working days.
Applicants can also approach Delhi Police on 011-23236040 on all working days from 9.30 AM to 6.30 PM in case of any difficulty in accessing the service. "We will now soon be launching a mobile app where people would be able to file an FIR regarding the theft of motor vehicles," said Bassi.
5

Marriott International to expand footprint in IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Marriott International to expand footprint in India
PTI
To hire 10,000 more by 2018
Mumbai, Oct 26:  
Hospitality major Marriott International plans to further expand its footprint in the country with an additional 49 hotels, which will take the total operational properties to around 70 by 2018, a senior company executive said.
“We are in India since last 15 years and currently have 25 operating hotels under our various brands. We have another 49 properties in pipeline that are under various stages of construction.
“Every year, we sign new contracts and are expecting 60-70 operating hotels in India by 2017-2018,” Marriott International Area Vice President, South Asia, Rajeev Menon told PTI here.
Marriott International, which primarily follows the management contract model, has seven operating brands in India representing luxury to upper mid scale category.
“These seven brands fairly fulfil the necessity in the country. However, we will continue to access opportunity in India to launch additional brands here,” he added.
In India, Marriott International currently operates brands like JW Marriott, Courtyard by Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Fairfield by Marriott, Marriott Executive Apartments, Renaissance Hotels and The Ritz Carlton.
The hospitality major, which currently employs about 6,500 in India is also planning to hire 10,000 more for all levels by 2018, Menon said.
“We have the largest pipeline in the industry and with this expansion we will also need more manpower. We are looking at hiring about an additional 10,000 workforce by 2018,” he added.
Of the seven brands, Courtyard by Marriott and Fairfield have huge potential in the country as they can expand anywhere, especially in tier II and III cities.
“We see opportunity for our two brands — Courtyard by Marriott and Fairfield — to grow aggressively in the country.
They have locational advantage as they can be opened anywhere like tier II and III cities,” he pointed out.
At present, there are 11 properties under the Courtyard by Marriott brand and another 19 are under construction, he said.
The U.S.-headquartered Marriott International has more than 4,000 properties (managed and franchised properties) over 20 brands around the world.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

AP officials asked to prepare report on Hudhud lossesAP officials asked to prepare report on Hudhud losses
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 26:  
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has ordered the officials of the Revenue Department to prepare a detailed report on the losses caused by the devastating Hudhud cyclone.
He has asked them to complete the survey in three days and send it to the Union Government in three days. He has also directed them to factor in the losses in the report to be submitted to the 14th Finance Commission.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

India among top 10 countries in terms of expat quality of life: HSBC reportIndia among top 10 countries in terms of expat quality of life: HSBC report
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 26 2014, 11:43  IST
Oct 26 2014, 11:43  IST
 

Sebi-DLF case may have wider ramifications for realty sectorSebi-DLF case may have wider ramifications for realty sector
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Oct 26, 2014 11:35 AM IST
As realty giant DLF fights a three-year capital markets ban imposed by regulator Sebi, the case is being seen as one having wider ramifications for the entire real estate sector and the regulatory framework applicable to them.
Sebi barred DLF and six others, including the company's chairman and other top executives, earlier this month from accessing capital markets for three years for "active and deliberate suppression" of material information at the time of its public offer more than seven years ago in 2007.
The company has challenged the order through an appeal before the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), which would hear the case next on October 30.
During the first hearing last week, the company sought an interim relief from the Tribunal, while the regulator faced the flak for delay in passing the order and also for the adverse impact suffered by minority shareholders of DLF in the form of a huge 30 per cent plunge in the company's market valuation in a single day post the order.
While promoters own 74.93 per cent stake in DLF, foreign institutional investors have close to 20 per cent and retail shareholders have about 4 per cent among others.
As the case progresses, the industry experts are of the opinion that it could potentially become a watershed case for the capital markets and other regulations applicable to the real estate companies.
Without willing to be named, as the matter is currently before SAT, top executives from real estate sector and capital markets intermediaries said the case needs to be seen in a different perspective from those pertaining to sectors other than real estate.
At the same time, the role of merchant bankers, legal advisors and others involved in the process of making IPO-related disclosures also needs to be examined, they said.
The case has also brought to limelight 'technicalities' involved in the practice of Sebi giving 'observations' and not 'approval or clearance' for an IPO, they added.
There is a view that regulators need to understand that the business practices tend to be different in real estate sector, from manufacturing or other segments of the economy.
However, others feel that regulations cannot be overlooked to accommodate certain 'prevailing practices' in one particular sector, such as those related to use of 'friendly' entities for purchase of land or development rights in the name of ease of doing business.
In his order, Sebi's Whole-Time Member Rajeev Agarwal said violations were "grave and have larger implications on safety and integrity of the securities market" and accused DLF and the six top management persons (at the time of filing IPO documents) of non-disclosure of certain dealings with three subsidiaries through "sham transactions".

Govt aims to make $15 bn IoT industry in Ind...Government aims to make $15 billion Internet of Things industry in India by 2020
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 12.30PM IST
Tags:
automatically alert physician
(Internet of Things, or IoT,…)
NEW DELHI: The government is working on an ambitious plan to create USD 15 billion 'Internet of Things' industry in the next six years.
Internet of Things, or IoT, can be loosely described as a network of inter-connected devices that can be accessed through the Internet.
For instance, with IoT, street lights will automatically go off when they sense no traffic on the roads and consequently save power. Another application could be a smart band that will automatically alert physician when body vitals go to abnormal levels.
"Among other things, IoT can help automate solutions to problems faced by various industries like agriculture, health services, energy, security, disaster management etc. through remotely connected devices," the draft IoT policy document says.
Some of the proposed concepts under the policy include development of tools to monitor quality of water flowing in taps and levels in reservoirs, smart environment to monitor quality of air, technology to monitor changes in body vitals and send alerts to hospitals.
Human role will be limited to setting up parameters for alerts and other activities expected from the objects.
The policy has the objective "to create an IoT industry in India of USD 15 billion by 2020. This will also lead to increase in the connected devices from around 200 million to over 2.7 billion by 2020."
The number of internet-connected devices (12.5 billion) surpassed the number of human beings (7 billion) on the planet in 2011, and by 2020, Internet-connected devices are expected to number between 26 billion and 50 billion globally, the draft policy document said.
The proposed policy is in line of government's plan to develop 100 smart cities in the country, for which Rs 7,060 crore has been earmarked in the current year's Budget.
Devices or objects under IoT, will be connected seamlessly on networks and communicate with least human intervention. The IoT policy excludes phones, tablets and personal computers.
The Department of Telecom has already floated a draft policy on technical communication among machines but is yet to finalise guidelines.
To boost IoT, the government has plans to fund creation of resource centres and test-beds as a common experimental facility to conduct experiments with an allocation of Rs 18 crore as 100 per cent fund with Rs 1 crore for each partner and Rs 3 crore for nodal agency over a period of five years.
The government will set up incubation centres that are proposed to be called National Centre of Excellence in partnership with IT industry body NASSCOM and other industry associations at an estimated cost of Rs 35 crore for 5 years to execute a centre with capacity of 40 people.
"Total five centres should be aimed which should include labs, office infrastructure and other necessities. Government would provide Rs 100 crores of funds. The rest of the funding would be sourced through industry by NASSCOM or any other appointed association," the draft policy document said.
There is a proposal to set up a project named 'International IoT Research Collaboration scheme (IIRC)' under which government will collaborate and initiate treaties with other countries to generate joint projects for R&D in IoT on 50 per cent contribution basis.
"IIRC scheme will disburse fund to IoT industry in the form of loan, grant and equity for approved projects after analyzing the capabilities of the bidder," the document said.
Among other strategies, IoT Curriculum will be introduced at M.Tech and B.Tech level and Research Activity and PhD.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Electrolux targets Rs 500 cr sales from small appliances by FY17Electrolux targets Rs 500 cr sales from small appliances by FY17
M&A deals touch $4.7 bn in July-SeptM&A deals touch $4.7 bn in July-Sept
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Total value of mergers and acquisitions involving Indian companies touched $4.7 billion in July-September quarter of 2014, while most of the transactions were on the domestic front.
Global consultancy EY today said M&A activities involving Indian companies are anticipated to gain traction over the coming months on the back of a relatively stable political scenario.
In the July-September quarter, the total value of such M&A deals touched $4.7 billion spread across 203 transactions.
“The technology sector dominated the M&A league tables, accounting for 27 deals that reflect a strong focus on services and solutions around healthcare IT,” EY said in a statement.
However, in terms of value, it was lower than $5.4 billion seen during the 2013 September quarter even as the number of deals was less at 167.
On a comparative basis, the decline in overall value of transactions “attributable to one mega deal of $2.6 billion in Q3 2013 by ONGC Videsh of a ten per cent stake in Mozambique’s Rovuma 1 offshore block,” the statement said.
According to EY, if that deal is excluded, the latest September quarter registered an increase of 71 per cent in deal value compared to the year-ago period.
“M&A activity is expected to gather traction over the next few months owing to rising investor confidence that is being fuelled by a relatively stable political scenario,” Amit Khandelwal, Partner and National Director (Transaction Advisory Services) at EY, said.
Among the 203 M&A deals seen in 2014 September quarter, as many as 124 transactions worth around $2.4 billion were on the domestic front.
The total value of such deals touched $1 billion in the three months ended September 2013 and at that time, their count stood at 101.
“This increase in domestic deal activity was due to large number of acquisitions done by Indian companies domestically to drive exponential growth,” EY said.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Tata Motors raises $750 m from bond saleHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Motors raises $750 m from bond sale
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 26:  
The country’s largest auto maker Tata Motors has raised $750 million from Asian and European investors by selling a dual tranche bond issue which got an over subscription of six times at $4.5 billion.
The company has priced the 5.5-year benchmark senior unsecured notes of $500 million at 4.625 per cent, while the coupon for the 10-year $250 million notes is fixed at 5.750 per cent per annum.
It had sold $300 million worth bonds in April at a coupon of 5.53 per cent for a five-year money, indicating better operating environment for the company.
The proceeds from the issue will be used to refinance external commercial borrowings, capital expenditure and for general corporate purposes, the company said in a statement.
“We are pleased to have completed this transaction successfully and we thank the investors for demonstrating their confidence in us,” said Vijay Somaiya, vice-president for finance and head of treasury & investor relations at Tata Motors.
Global rating agency Standard & Poors has assigned BB long-term issue rating to the issue while highlighting Tata Motors’ increased dependence on JLR, while rival Moody’s has assigned Ba2 to the notes with a stable outlook.
“The ratings on Tata Motors reflect the company’s small size and narrow product suite compared with many global peers’, and its likely negative free operating cash flows because of high capital expenditure. JLR’s established and improving market position in the global premium automotive segment and its strong operating performance temper these weaknesses,” S&P said.
S&P further said it believes that the good operating performance of JLR, if sustained, can improve its consolidated financial strength.
Moody’s also based the ratings to the continuing good show by its British arm JLR which has contributed over 90 per cent of group operating profit in FY14. “The phenomenal success of JLR continues to buy time for Tata Motors’ weak domestic operations to turn around, and these are now showing some improvement.”
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Poor health systems in Asia cause for EbolaalarmThe world's largest outbreak of Ebola has killed 3,865 people out of 8,033 infected so far this year, according to the WHO's latest count.
By: Associated Press | Singapore | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:57 pm
The longer the Ebola outbreak rages in West Africa, the greater chance a traveler infected with the virus touches down in an Asian city.
How quickly any case is detected _ and the measures taken once it is _ will determine whether the virus takes hold in a region where billions live in poverty and public health systems are often very weak. Governments are ramping up response plans, stepping up surveillance at airports and considering quarantine measures. Still, health experts in the region’s less developed countries fear any outbreak would be deadly and hard to contain.
“This is a non-treatable disease with a very high mortality rate. And even a country like the United States has not been able to completely prevent it,” said Yatin Mehta, a critical care specialist at the Medanta Medicity hospital near New Delhi. “The government is trying. They are preparing and they are training, but our record of disaster management has been very poor in the past.”
More than 10,000 people have been infected with Ebola and nearly half of them have died, according to the World Health Organization. The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is the largest ever outbreak of the disease with a rapidly rising death toll in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. There have also been cases in three other West African countries, Spain and the United States.
Early symptoms of Ebola include fever, headache, body aches, cough, stomach pain, vomiting, and diarrhea, and patients aren’t contagious until those begin. The virus requires close contact with body fluids to spread so health care workers and family members caring for loved ones are most at risk.
Asia, home to 60 percent of the world’s population, scores higher than West Africa on most development indexes and includes emerging or developed countries like Singapore, Malaysia, South Korea and Japan. But countries like India, China, the Philippines and Indonesia have vast numbers of poor, many of whom live in crowded slums, and underfunded health systems.
The Philippine government estimates there are up to 1,700 Filipino workers in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, plus more than 100 peacekeeping troops in Liberia. The Department of Health is suggesting a 21-day quarantine period before its citizens leave those three countries, but doesn’t know how it will pay for that, said spokesman Lyndon Lee Suy.
“The DOH is doing its part, but it is downstream, it is on the receiving end,” said Dr. Antony Leachon, president of the Philippine College of Physicians.  “What is important is that Ebola shouldn’t be able to enter. Since we have 10 million migrant workers, we have problems containing that.”
Indonesia has put 100 hospitals that have experience of treating patients suffering continued…

Hospital maid raped by hospital owner kin friendPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:52 pm
A private hospital maid was allegedly raped the hospital owner’s nephew and his friend at Jakkanpur, Patna. Both the accused were arrested late on Saturday evening.
The incident took place on intervening night of Friday and Saturday when Dharmendra Yadav, who has several criminal cases against him and had been out on bail, reached City Hospital at New Bypass Road under Jakkanpur police station at around 11 pm on Friday.
Dharmendra, who was accompanied by his friend Mukesh Yadav, faked illness and enaged a hospital room. A 30-year-old hospital maid, only woman employee on duty, was forcibly taken by the two to operation theater, but left the room saying CCTV installed there. The maid was taken to another room where she was allegedly raped by the two. No hospital staff came to the woman’s rescue and local police was also not informed by the hospital authorities. The hospital is owned by uncle of Dharmendra Yadav, a resident of Vigrahpur, Jakkanpur.
The maid was later taken in a vehicle by the two to different parts of the state capital. Though there was no formal complaint by the hospital, the police learnt about the incident on Saturday by a hospital employee who did not reveal his identity to the police.
The accused had left the victim at Ramlakhan Path in Jakkanpur and had escaped after parking his vehicle at his Vigrahpur house..
Patna Senior Superintendent of Police Jitendra Rana said: “We cracked the case within a few hours of learning about the incident. We arrested Dharmendra and Mukesh from Mithapur when they were trying to flee Patna. We have collected CCTV footage and sent FSL team the hospital”. The police has been also questioning hospital employees.

Haryana will witness clean  effective administration under Khattar: KohliHaryana will witness clean  effective administration under Khattar: Kohli
PE investments during January-September touch $8.4 billion: ReportPE investments during January-September touch $8.4 billion: Report
Private firms  sales growth moderated in FY13: ReportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Airtel  Vodafone  Idea  others may raise tariffs to pay for spectrum costsBharti Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular, others may raise tariffs to pay for spectrum costs
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 26 2014, 15:03  IST
Oct 26 2014, 15:03  IST
 

Delhi: Daughter of DPS principal found deadThe 29-year-old daughter of the principal of a prominent South Delhi school was found hanging from a ceiling fan at her father’s official residence in the school campus on Tuesday night.
The police recovered a two-line note in which the deceased claimed responsibility for the extreme step.
Police investigations and the initial autopsy report confirms that Anjana Saini — the daughter of Dr DR Saini, the principal of the RK Puram branch of the Delhi Public School (DPS) — died due to hanging.
Family members told the police that Anjana could have taken her own life as she was upset that she was not getting married. They said she was visibly depressed over the past 3-4 months at her inability to find a match.
"She was depressed because no match could be finalised, but we never thought she would take such a drastic step,” said Sahil Malhotra, a family friend.
The police said that they were informed about the incident after Anjana’s body was brought to South Delhi’s Fortis Hospital around 9pm on Tuesday.  Being a suspected case of suicide, the body was referred to the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), where she was declared dead on arrival.
“It is an unfortunate incident and we are investigating it thoroughly. The investigation will proceed as per law after we receive the post-mortem report,” said BS Bassi, Delhi police commissioner.
The Saini family conducted Anjana’s funeral at the Lodi Colony crematorium soon after AIIMS released the body.

Why  self-radicalized  individuals are increasingly indulging in terrorist activitiesal Qaeda
(With Canada joining the…)
The shooting spree at Canada's national war memorial and parliament building in Ottawa by a Canadian citizen, Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, is a reminder that terrorism is fast adapting to the changing global political events.
After the attacks of September 11, 2001, in New York and Washington, countries such as Canada and the US established departments of Public Safety and Homeland Security, tightening immigration controls at airports and borders to prevent suspected terrorists from sneaking in. Computerised databases and elaborate spying techniques were deployed to scour communications and deter foreign terrorists or foreigntrained local radicals.
Since it is no longer feasible for a large group of foreigners (the 9/11 attacks involved 19 Arabs from Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Lebanon) to arrive on Western soil and mount a coordinated strike, the only outlet for terrorist rage is the 'lone wolf ' path that individuals like Zehaf-Bibeau exemplify.
Spreading the Net
These persons are not formally part of known terrorist movements and do not receive any funding, training or operational assistance from overseas-based cells or leaders. Their only connection to an Al Qaeda or an Islamic State (IS) lies in the mind, ie at the level of getting inspired by their diabolical ideology via the internet.
With global jihadist forces investing in sleek online propaganda and publicity, the phenomenon of 'self-radicalized' individuindividuals is on the rise. The list of lone wolves who have engaged in violent terrorism in many nations owing to outrage at their military interventions against jihadists is long and insightful.
In the US, which has been involved serially in armed combat in Afghanistan, Iraq and Syria since 2001, the frequency of atomised attackers motivated by Islamist philosophy has risen sharply over the past few years.
Since 2006, there have been at least five lone wolf missions carried out by American citizens on American soil to avenge US foreign policies in Islamic lands.
The opinions of some of these terrorists who survived or left views online reveal personal frustrations mingled with anger at the perceived injustices occurring to Muslims as a result of Western military operations abroad and the US alliance with Israel. Apart from their anonymity and nondescript backgrounds, what makes it particularly hard to preempt these types of attackers is that they do not necessarily have Islamic family origins.
For example, in June 2009, an American convert to Islam, Abdulhakim Mujahid Muhammad, opened fire at a US military recruiting centre in Arkansas, killing one and injuring another. He was born as Carlos Leon Bledsoe and raised as a Baptist Christian in the American south with no outward signs of being one of the 'usual suspects' in terms of his appearance or demeanour.
  In court, Abdulhakim declared that the US "has to pay for the rape, murder, bloodshed, blasphemy it has done and still doing to the Muslims and Islam. So consider this a small retaliation".
Had Michael Zehaf-Bibeau not been shot dead by Canadian policemen before he could rampage in the parliament complex where the Canadian prime minister and MPs were gathered, his oral testimony might have sounded almost identical to that of Abdulhakim. The former was a recent convert to Islam, mirroring another Canadian, Martin Couture Rouleau, who ran over two Canadian soldiers with his car just two days before the parliament was rocked.
Lone Wolves
Rouleau converted to Islam and renamed himself Abu Ibrahim AlCanadi, undergoing a personal transformation from a "partyloving, poker-playing bon vivant" into a cold-blooded killer. According to The Globe and Mail, Rouleau "spent a lot of time on the Internet and got brainwashed. He fell into a trap."
With Canada joining the US and European allies in bombing the IS in Iraq, a hitherto largely terrorism-free country has been jolted into examining self-radicalized domestic lone wolves who are reacting with extreme hatred. One Canadian law enforcement officer reflected in The New York Times on the dilemma he faced in countering homebred terrorists who exist in their own make-believe mental universe: "We cannot arrest someone for thinking radical thoughts; it is not a crime in Canada."
Tracking and interdicting domestic terrorists who act locally but think globally is an enormous challenge in democratic countries, including India, where there are growing cases of local youth declaring allegiance to IS or Al Qaeda.
Racial and religious profiling, blanket surveillance of entire minority communities and other kinds of collective punishment of youngsters who are presumed guilty owing to their faith conversion or location are unconscionable in countries with civil liberties and delicate multiethnic social fabric.
Ultimately, the terror at home can only be neutralised by minority communities being encouraged and strengthened by the state to identify and isolate the young men who may be showing symptoms of going astray. Community self-policing, including cyberspace monitoring, is a valuable strategy that can build trust with minorities and help stymie the lone wolves before they cause mayhem.
A deeper dialogue and debate must also be initiated across society as to why a country is fighting IS, Al Qaeda or other hardline Islamist groups.
As long as the discourse is confined to government and strategic elites, the misconceptions and hatred will multiply. National security policies must be buttressed by persuasive public diplomacy to mitigate the boomerang effect at home.
(The writer is a professor and dean at the Jindal School of International Affairs)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Focus on PM Modi s tea party as Maharashtra thriller continuesPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday held a gathering for the 400-odd MPs of the National Democratic Alliance, the first such event since taking power at the Centre.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MPs at his residence in Delhi. (PTI File Photo)
His message to the allies was clear: “think big, far and above politics” and be a “force with tremendous positive energy” while helping the government achieve its goals.
The Diwali Milan, at the PM’s residence, was seen as an exercise to dispel any impression of a gap between the government and the alliance. And Modi sought to take the MPs on board as he discussed his government’s recent initiatives.
All Shiv Sena MPs, including Union heavy industries minister Anant Geete, were present but there were no political discussions, as suspense continued over whether the party will be part of a BJP-led government in Maharashtra. “It was a purely official function,” Geete said.
Modi urged the NDA MPs to visit schools in their areas over a five-day period starting November 14 — the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru — and explain to children the importance of hygiene. “Achieving Swachh Bharat (clean India) is tough but just as the people of this country got together to eradicate polio, Swachh Bharat can also be achieved,” he said.
Making a detailed presentation on the economy, finance minister Arun Jaitley explained the reasons behind the government’s gas pricing and diesel deregulation moves.
He argued that the decision to let the market determine petroleum product prices had helped bring down diesel rates. And he pointed out that while the Centre was committed to pushing growth, it was mindful of the people and had taken the end user price into consideration while determining gas pricing.
The minister also said the government had managed to curb inflation to some extent, and briefed MPs on the Pradhanmantri Jan Dhan Yojana, calling the ‘banking for all’ mission a big success.
Similarly, labour minister Narendra Singh Tomar made a presentation on recent reforms undertaken by the government while rural development minister Nitin Gadkari briefed MPs about the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana, under which parliamentarians would adopt and develop model villages .
Modi urged his guests to convey to the masses that these initiatives were not aimed at curbing the interests of workers but, rather, were an exercise to ensure their rights were protected.
To an enquiry from the audience on the progress in the black money case, Jaitley said investigations in some cases were nearing conclusion and the government would soon file a charge sheet in court and also bring the names of foreign account holders in the public domain.
The event also saw the PM felicitate BJP president Amit Shah for the party’s victory in the Haryana and Maharashtra elections.

Nine killed in road accident in AssamComments
Nine persons were killed and 24 others injured when a bus fell into a ditch after hitting the railing of a road in Nagaon district of Assam, early on Sunday.
Nagaon district SP, Arabinda Kalita said that the mishap occurred as the driver lost his control over the vehicle.
“The bus was in high speed and the driver lost his control over the vehicle. The bus was traveling from Lakhimpur and its destination was Guwahati. Among the nine dead, five are men and four are women”, said Kalita.
Police said that there were 33 people in the bus. The injured were initially admitted at the Nagaon civil hospital. Later, the eight persons who were critically injured were shifted to the Gauhati Medical College Hospital (GMCH).
The bus was operated by Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC). There were allegations from injured passengers that due to negligence of state emergency ambulance service officials, they reached  the Nagaon hospital about three hours late.
Chief minister, Tarun Gogoi has instituted a probe into the accident and expressed his condolences.

DLF falls over 4% as SAT adjourns hearing against Sebi orderE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wall Street little changed as Microsoft offsets AmazonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Earnings  Global Events Key as Sentiment ImprovesIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
A slew of earnings from blue-chip including Maruti Suzuki and ICICI Bank are expected to set tone for the markets this week.
Overall sentiment is seen supported by hopes of further reforms. Movements in Brent crude, which is at a four-year low, will also be watched closely.
Foreign fund flows will determine sentiment for debt and forex markets.
Traders said the 10-year benchmark bonds are seen in a range of 8.35-8.45.
Rupee may trade between 60.75 and 61.50, they said.
Key events to watch
The week will start with Hindustan Unilever and Bharti Infratel reporting their quarter earnings on Monday.
ING Vysya Bank, Nestle India and Ranbaxy Laboratories will be posting their results the next day.
Dr Reddy's Laboratories and Tech Mahindra are slated to post their quarterly numbers on Wednesday.
On Thursday, ICICI Bank, Maruti Suzuki, Bharti Airtel, IDFC Ltd, Jubilant Food Works and Ambuja Cements will be announcing their results.
The week will end with Mahindra and Mahindra reporting its earnings on Friday. Weekly forex reserves data, bank loan-deposit growth data and September infrastructure output data are also expected on Friday.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: October 25, 2014 13:02 (IST)

Sonakshi Sinha starts production houseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bangalore school rape: One person arrested  classes to resume on Monday22
0
Bangalore: The Bangalore Police on Saturday arrested one person in connection with the alleged rape of a three-year-old inside her school premises. The police arrested 45-year-old office assistant M Gundappa, who has been working with the school for the past two years.
The police however, said that it did not have any criminal record of the accused.
The police also said that the 3-year-old survivor had recorded her statement in front of a magistrate.
The arrest came even as the school authorities met anguished parents and assured them of safety of their children as their classes resume on Monday.
The school was shut after the alleged rape of the three-year-old.
The police had earlier detained a staff member of the school in connection with the case.
The school has maintained that there were no outsiders in the institution on the day the heinous crime took place.
"There were Diwali celebrations between students and teachers. After receiving complaint, we went through CCTV footage. We couldn't see any outsider in the premises. There were seven male workers on shift that day," the school's dean said.
Bangalore Police Commissioner MN Reddi said investigations were underway. "The scene of crime has been examined and the CCTV footage has been obtained. People present in the school are being questioned."
66

Delhi: Crucial contest for BJP in by-electionsComments
The Delhi Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) may have to put up a tough fight to retain the three assembly seats in Delhi as the margin of victory on two of the three seats — Mehrauli and Tughlakabad— were quite low in the 2013 assembly elections.
Soon after the Election Commission announced that by-elections to three Delhi assembly constituencies —which fell vacant after BJP legislators got elected to Lok Sabha — would be held on November 25, the Delhi state unit held an emergency meeting with senior BJP leaders including union health minister Harsh Vardhan, MP Ramesh Bidhuri, Rajya Sabha MP Vijay Goel and MP from northwest Delhi Udit Raj, to discuss the issue. 
Sources in the BJP said that the election committee of the state unit will come out with a list of probable names which will be scrutinised by the central leadership and a final decision will be taken by the central parliamentary committee. Sources in the BJP further said that unlike the assembly elections in 2013, for the BJP, it is the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) which is the prime opponent and not the Congress.
“The fact that despite the BJP winning all seven parliamentary seats AAP managed to grab the second position is a big concern. We have to ensure that we win the seats by a huge margin,” said a senior BJP leader.
Compared to the assembly elections, in Tughlakabad assembly segment, the winning margin of BJP was only 5,946, which was further reduced during this year’s Lok Sabha elections to 4,775. Similarly, in Mehrauli, during the 2013 assembly elections, AAP candidate Narender Singh Sejwal gave a tough fight to BJP’s Pravesh Verma and lost only by 4,564 votes.
It was only in Krishna Nagar that the winning margin of BJP was 43,150, and though it came down slightly it still stood at 31,265.
“Considering that barely a month is left we have decided to fasttrack the process and within a day or two we will come out with a list of probable names. The entire process will start tomorrow,” said a senior BJP leader.
According to senior BJP leaders, the three assembly seats - Krishna Nagar, Tughlakabad and Mehrauli - are quite crucial as two of them were held by senior BJP leaders.
“The seats will help us find out the voters’ mood and we will be able to know where we stand. If we manage to win the seats by a huge margin it will give a befitting reply to the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) that has been criticising us especially on the social media,” said a senior BJP leader.

Autobiography on the way: What has Sachin Tendulkar writtenprint
Frank Sinatra’s ‘My way’, the song Sinatra himself came to loathe, and is a lift of the French song ‘Comme d’habitude’, whose most popular YouTube video has the appeal, for some reason, ‘Sign against animal torture’, but is nevertheless the anthem of men who have taken a Harley down a highway, climbed a hill, smoked weed, hence imagine they have bitten off more they could chew, has often lent itself to the titles of male memoirs. Even so, it is odd that Sachin Tendulkar’s autobiography should be called ‘My Way’. To be precise, the book, which will be released in a few days, is titled, Playing it My Way.
Tendulkar’s fortune was that life never gave him a reason to go astray, and the roads that he wished to take were the paths approved by the establishment. He adored and obeyed his parents, he wished to hold his cricket bat straight, he revered his coach, married the girl he loved, stayed in the marriage, and raised exactly two children. As a batsman he showed that style is in its core an action done absolutely right, exactly the way elders said it has to be done. He was what the norms had prophesied. And he made theory look good.
When he dealt with people he often chose the option of respect. Humility as a state of mind is a form of intelligence, but as a physical expression it is an inexpensive ruse to reassure the ordinary that their ordinariness is not pitiable. In him humility was both wisdom and a trick. He spoke his mind in private to his team, but not to the public, whom he never granted the right to information. He never entered public spats because he knew it was inelegant, an abstinence that was conceit misunderstood as decorum. He carries within him the fear that makes men good, the fear of being seen as bad. His autobiography should have been called, ‘Memoirs of a Decent Man’. As most honest titles would to memoirs, this one would have destroyed the prospects of the book.
About five years ago, when Raj Thackeray and his party were claiming that Mumbai belonged to Maharashtra first, whatever that meant, the sports journalist Akshay Sawai asked Tendulkar his opinion during a press conference. Tendulkar said, “Mumbai belongs to India. I’m a Maharashtrian. I’m extremely proud of being Maharashtrian.
But I’m an Indian.” In other words he said almost nothing, but he regretted saying even this and later conveyed that he was offended by the question. What could such a cautious public figure have written in his memoir? How honest can he be and would want to be? That too in an age and a nation where even those who claim they are writers are terrified to offend.
Nobody who is involved with the book is divulging much before the launch but there are indications that the book contains “sensational” material. In fact, there was a paragraph that made the publisher’s legal team nervous but Tendulkar insisted on retaining it and assured all that he had evidence to support his claim.
In his playing days he has, on occasion, reached out to the media to defend himself or to convey a specific opinion. But every time he did that he had an odd aversion to excessive attention. It was as though he merely wanted his thoughts to exist in a physical form, not transmitted widely. A few years ago, when I was a reporter with Outlook, he spoke to me, reluctantly, about the bookie-player nexus. Later, he called to insist, among other things, that I ensure the interview was not mentioned on the cover of Outlook. ‘Put it somewhere inside, something small’, was his request. But Tendulkar the autobiographer, who has committed his earnings from the book to malnourished children, appears to be a man who is ready to face attention and its inescapable ugliness.
There is considerable analysis of the game too in the book, people say. Many times, during his conversations with those who were helping him write the book, he would stand up and enact moments from his days on the field. But the reputation of the memoir will stand on the quality of private information he has shared. He harbours a dark history of a sport, spanning one quarter of a century.
But then why must he endure the inconvenience of revelation? Isn’t he after all a retired executive of a private club, the Board of Control for Cricket in India, affiliated to another private club registered in a tax haven, the International Cricket Council? But then humans, even Tendulkar, have an irresistible compulsion to talk, to share what they know, the very reason why journalism is possible. And it appears that Tendulkar is finally ready.
But what exactly might he reveal? Would he give details of a day on a tour of South Africa when he stormed into Mohammad Azharuddin’s hotel room, as a contemporary of Tendulkar told me he did, and confronted him for underperforming? Would he tell us all that he knows about the collusion between players, administrators and bookies?
Would he tell us what he thought of Bal Thackeray? Thackeray once publicly rebuked Tendulkar for using auctions to do charity instead of giving away a part of his enormous wealth. Strange that Thackeray must say this. He knew very little about charity or, for that matter, hard-earned money. It is unlikely that Tendulkar would touch upon these subjects.
But, he cannot escape talking about Sourav Ganguly, the agonised insecure captain. Would Tendulkar talk about the things Ganguly did to keep his place? Then, there is the problem of Rahul Dravid.
There was a distinction between the society’s love for Tendulkar and for Dravid. The distinction was based on class. Just as Tendulkar’s ruse was humility, Dravid’s was intelligent discourse derived from apparent reading. A segment of the urban society had a Nehruvian adoration for Dravid. Tendulkar knows enough to embarrass Dravid and the ill-fated coach Greg Chappell, and people tell me that he has spoken at length to the book’s collaborators, but it is possible that he has not retained everything.
Throughout his career, despite his powers as a preeminent public figure, Tendulkar did not create discreet channels into the media to disseminate news that was favourable to him or that would diminish others. It is not that he did not try but his heart was not in it. Also, he didn’t trust influential journalists enough. Now he has given himself the opportunity to say all that he wants. He has given himself the opportunity to roll in the mud.
(Manu Joseph is a journalist and the author of the novel, The Illicit Happiness of Other People)

How Olacabs and Uber are forcing radio taxis to tweak their business modelsAnand Subramanian
(It’s indeed a do-or-die…)
Hindustan Unilever couldn't kill Nirma," says Kunal Lalani, with an impulsive grin and a customary twirl of his moustache.
"Goliaths might have had it easy in other countries but in India Davids like us won't let that happen," contends the managing director of New Delhi-based Mega Cabs, taking a swipe at the $18.2-billion Goliath — Uber, a taxi booking app.
The Davids, it seems, have drawn first blood.
The Association of Radio Taxis, a body of taxi providers headed by Lalani, rushed to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in July alleging that the San Francisco-headquartered car-sharing service provider Uber was not following the two-step verification process required for credit card transactions and was flouting foreign exchange norms.
The RBI issued an order in August, stating that a local service payment must have a two-factor authentication and be routed through domestic gateways.
As Uber stares at an imminent shutdown if it doesn't tweak its payment model to meet the RBI deadline of October 31, its rivals surprisingly are not gloating over their victory.
Reason: the self-realization of urgently putting their house in order. "Thanks to Uber, it's a wake-up call for us," confesses Lalani. "We need to be responsive and focus on consumer connect or else we will perish."
It's indeed a do-or-die situation for traditional Indian cab operators that have had a bump-free ride so far. Uber has not only shaken up the industry, it has also forced the companies to tweak their business models and quickly slip into reboot mode.
Changing Gears
Lalani, for sure, has stepped on the gas.
Mega Cabs, which has over 3,500 cars across seven cities, has set an ambitious target of taking its fleet size to 25,000 by 2020. In six years, it plans to pump in Rs 4,000 crore, expand to 40 cities, take its revenue to Rs 6,000 crore and leverage more technology in its operations.
Mega Cabs follows an ownership model but of late has been influenced by the assetlight aggregation model that is the USP of apps such as Uber, TaxiForSure and Olacabs. In addition to its owned fleet of 3,500, it also relies on some 700 cabs that it does not own. But clearly it believes in a strategy that is different from the aggregators: of expanding its 'owned car' fleet and working with a committed set of drivers.
Reason: The app-based model is prone to abuse, alleges Lalani. "Tomorrow some antisocial elements can use this aggregator platform to do a lot of things like gun running or drug trafficking. Then who would be held responsible — the driver or the one who is running the app?" he asks.
It's turning out to be a battle between owners and the app-based aggregators, quite similar to the online versus offline retail war that India is witnessing now.
Tech Check
Rajiv Vij is not bullied by Uber and is ready for the fight. Says the managing director and CEO of Carzonrent, which runs Easy Cabs. "Uber is a fantastic opportunity for us to emerge even stronger. We implemented Oracle in 2004-05 when most car rental companies in India were still taking down bookings in long registers," he says. Carzonrent has a 35-member technology team, boasts of a national command centre that tracks every car across India and has an app for radio cabs, car rentals and self-drive. "That's big for a car rental firm that is not a technology company," says Vij, taking a dig at Uber.
Carzonrent started its aggregation model in 2004. Of the 3,500 cars under the car rental business, only 500 are owned by the company. The rest are owned by the drivers who work for the company. "But the aggregation model doesn't mean that you won't pay service tax," he says, taking another jibe at Uber, adding that there are limitations with a foreign brand operating in India.
Vij, who was the master franchisee of Hertz in India in 2008, has assigned his daughter, Sakshi, the task of streamlining the technology part of the business. "We are working on a system to bring down the waiting time for consumers to just 5-10 minutes," says Sakshi, executive director of Carzonrent.
 
On a Fast Track
Uber, on
its part, is unruffled at the belligerent attitude of the cabbies. "Change often brings resistance," says Allen Penn, head of Uber's Asia operations. Uber is bringing something fresh to a sector that is characterised by stagnation, he adds.
For decades, it was commonplace to wait for an hour to get a ride in most Indian cities while drivers' time and gas were used inefficiently, he says.
Penn brushes off security concerns raised against aggregators. When you use Uber's technology, he says, not only are you always connected with a fully licensed driver, you know exactly how far your car is, who is coming to pick you up and the aggregated rating of the drivers based on the number of trips they've completed. "We also have a safety feature in the app called Share my ETA, where a rider can share driver and car details with a friend or family member."

FPI inflows hit $1.5 bn in Oct; reach $35 bn mark in 2014FPI inflows hit $1.5 billion in October; reach $35 billion so for this year
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 11.15AM IST
Tags:
Diesel price
(Overseas investors have…)
NEW DELHI: Continuing to bet big on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have poured in $1.5 billion in the Indian market so far this month taking the total inflow to $35 billion since January.
The net investment by foreign investors into debt market was at Rs 12,645 crore ($2.06 billion) between October 1-22, while they pulled out Rs 3,500 crore ($570 million) from the stock market during the same period, taking the total to $1.5 billion, as per latest data.
Market analysts maintain that foreign investors (Foreign Institutional Investors or Foreign Portfolio Investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
Also, they anticipate inflows would continue in the coming months on slew of measures announced by the government.
The Cabinet has given the go-ahead to deregulation of diesel price and also came out a new gas pricing formula. Besides, government has promulgated ordinance for e-auction of coal blocks.
Since the beginning of the year, the net investments by overseas investors into Indian equity markets stood at Rs 79,938 crore ($13.3 billion) so far this year, while the same for debt markets was at Rs 1.3 lakh crore, taking the total to Rs 2.10 lakh crore ($ 35 billion)
Since the beginning of June, FIIs ( Foreign Institutional Investors ) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors .
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of foreign investors into India to over $ 206 billion since 1991. In rupee terms, their investments are at Rs 10 lakh crore level during the period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PE investments during Jan-Sept touch $8.4 bi...IT/ITeS
(PE investment so far in 2014…)
NEW DELHI: Private equity investments in the first nine months of this year has reached $8.4 billion as against $7.8 billion in the corresponding period a year ago, says a Grant Thornton report.
According to the assurance, tax and advisory firm, there has been a clear upswing in PE deal activity in the nine month period ending September 2014, both in terms of value as well as volume, indicating a revival in investment climate.
PE investment so far in 2014 stood higher at $8.4 billion as against $7.8 billion in 2013, with 38 per cent higher volumes in 2014 as compared to 2013, led by the technology sector.
"We expect valuations to go up given the renewed business sentiments which in our view, would be both a challenge and an opportunity for dealmakers to close deals in the coming quarters," Grant Thornton India Partner Raja Lahiri said.
"We believe that this momentum of deal activity will continue to increase and we look forward to closing the year on a high note," Lahiri added.
Sectorwise, IT/ITES , mainly driven by e-commerce, dominated PE deal values and volumes and going forward the sectors that are expected to see renewed deal activity include infrastructure, energy, consumer and financial services.
In the third quarter of this year, there were several big ticket deals. As many as 15 investments over $50 million each, including two over $100 million and one billion dollar investment, the report said.
In the third quarter of 2013 there were only nine investments worth over $50 million each.
The report noted that there was significant uptrend in the M&A and PE deal activity with $36 billion worth of deals in the nine month period ending September 2014, the best since 2012.
"While the year began on a rather cautionary note, the deal pace started picking up in the months closer to the elections and the momentum kept increasing thereafter, signalling positive vibes for the months and quarters to come," Lahiri added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil Ministry to overhaul exploration policy: PradhanWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

TCS sees digital services as over $5-billion...Big Data
(Earlier, the firm had said…)
NEW DELHI: Country's largest IT services firm Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) expects digital platforms like cloud, Big Data and mobility solutions to bring in cumulative revenues of over $ 5 billion in next few years.
Earlier, the Mumbai-based firm had said that it expects to do $ 5 billion cumulative business over the next three to four years from the " digital opportunity ".
"The way to look at it is that, when I originally said it, I said that over the next three to four years we will do $ 5 billion cumulative. But now, I think we will do much more than that on a cumulative basis," TCS CEO and Managing Director N Chandrasekaran told analysts.
The run rate will not touch the $ 5 billion mark but it will definitely touch a few billion dollars, he added.
He said the opportunity is huge as most of the ADM work that is getting replaced or rationalised is moving into digital.
"Most of the infrastructure contracts come up with outsourcing of infrastructure to maintain the service levels in a managed services model, but with a transformation component to move to cloud infrastructure," he said.
And commoditised applications, when they are transitioned, customers are willing to look at application platforms which are cloud-based, he added.
"So, all these three facts will definitely move things to Digital," he said.
Chandrasekaran, who recently got a five-year extension, said at the announcement of the firm's second quarter results that TCS is contemplating whether to disclose numbers from the digital technologies stream.
For the July-September quarter, the Mumbai-based company posted 13.2 per cent jump in its net profit at Rs 5,244 crore as against Rs 4,653.9 crore in the year-ago period.
Revenue jumped 13.5 per cent to Rs 23,816 crore in the second quarter ended September 30 as compared to Rs 20,977 crore in the corresponding period of last year.
However, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, net profit was down by 5.8 per cent, but revenue grew 7.7 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swiss gold exports to India cross record Rs ...You are here: Home > Collections
Swiss gold exports to India cross Rs 70,000 crore; banks turn wary after black money probe
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 02.30PM IST
Tags:
banking industry
(As per Swiss government…)
NEW DELHI/BERNE: As banks in Switzerland come under greater black money scrutiny, the quantum of gold having left Swiss shores for India so far this year has reached a record high level of over 11 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 70,000 crore).
The gold exports from Switzerland to India stood at over 2.2 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 15,000 crore) in September alone, which is double the figure for the previous month, shows latest data released by Swiss Customs Administration.
As a result, the total Swiss gold exports to India since January this year has grown to 11.4 billion Swiss francs, shows the data compiled by the Swiss government's cross-border trade monitoring agency.
While industry watchers attribute the surge during September partly to increased demand for the yellow metal ahead of Diwali and other festivals in India, the sudden spike is also being seen suspiciously in the backdrop of gold being used for 'layering' purposes to move funds from Swiss banks amid growing scrutiny for suspected black money.
According to banking industry sources, banks operating in Switzerland, including those headquartered in the Alpine nation and the Swiss units of other European banks, have turned wary about dealing with their Indian clients in the wake of a growing scrutiny of such accounts.
A number of Swiss banks, including three with significant global presence, have begun telling their Indian clients to sign undertakings that are aimed at 'derisking' the banking institutions from potential risks arising out of regulatory actions against the bank customers by foreign governments.
Some banks are also telling their clients to close their accounts if they are not ready to take such risks, or if they have apprehensions about such accounts not being compliant to regulatory requirements in their home countries.
Through these 'derisking' undertakings, the customer agrees to take responsibility for any possible regulatory or administrative compliance with international norms.
At the same time, the bankers are also lobbying with the Swiss government to ensure that any information would be shared with their Indian counterpart about accounts held in Swiss banks only after necessary provisions are made to safeguard the interest of the concerned banking institution.
Following a high-level delegation visit from India, Switzerland recently agreed to cooperate on matters related to verification of genuineness of accounts and reply to requests for banking account details in a time-bound manner, and also to initiate a process to include India among the countries eligible for 'automatic exchange of information'.
While banks try to put in place necessary safeguards, there are apprehensions that many of their clients are being advised to move the funds through gold and other routes.
As per Swiss government data, the total exports of gold, silver and coins from Switzerland stood at 347 tonnes (worth 6.62 billion Swiss francs) in September. This included gold exports totalling 172.5 tonnes or 6.48 billion Swiss francs.
In comparison, Switzerland's total gold exports stood at just about three billion Swiss francs (80.6 tonnes) in August, while the overall figure for gold, silver and coins stood at 3.16 billion francs (237 tonnes) in that month.
India alone accounted for total bullion exports worth 66.5 tonnes from Switzerland, which mostly comprised of gold (over 58 tonnes or over 2.2 billion Swiss francs) in September.
The total gold exports to India stood at 29.5 tonnes (1.12 billion Swiss francs) in August, while the figure for July was 21 tonnes (792 million Swiss francs).
In January, the total Swiss gold exports to India stood at about 27 tonnes (970 million Swiss francs), while it was in the range of 30 tonnes a month between February to May before surging to over 44 tonnes (1.62 billion Swiss francs) in June.
A new strategy of 'layering' through gold and diamond trade came to light earlier this year at Swiss banks to thwart any attempt for identification of real beneficiary owners of funds entrusted with them, government and banking sources have said.
There is a growing suspicion that a portion of gold and diamond trade is being used to route funds from Swiss banks to India and other destinations.
'Layering' is a key stage in money laundering and involves moving illicit funds around financial system through a complex series of deals to complicate the paper trail.
This layering typically takes place between the first stage -- placement of black money in the financial system either in cash vaults, or through a series of cash or sham financial transactions -- and before the final 'integration' stage when money is put back into the financial system through various transactions for the benefit of its final recipient.
Under global pressure, Switzerland agreed earlier this year to provide country-wise breakdown of its gold trade.

Rs 80 000 Cr Worth Of Defence Projects Get ApprovalRs 80 000 Cr Worth Of Defence Projects Get Approval
Jay Polychem discovers oil near Ahmedabad in Cambay basinJay Polychem discovers oil near Ahmedabad in Cambay basin
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
A significant oil discovery has been made near Ahmedabad in the Cambay basin that by some estimates may be the biggest onland find this year.
Jay Polychem (India) Ltd, a unit of city-based Jay Madhok Group, made the oil discovery in the very first well it drilled on the block CB-ONN-2009/8 in Gujarat’s Cambay basin.
The firm has since July last year drilled two wells and discovered huge oil pay zones in both the wells, sources said.
The discovery in the well Kharenti-A has been notified to the upstream regulator DGH and the government.
Sources said the discovery by Jay Polychem is huge and similar to oil being produced by ONGC in the neighbouring Padra field as also by GSPC in Ingoli field.
The block is operated by Jay Polychem (India) Ltd with 87 per cent interest, while Jay Polychem Pte Ltd holds the rest.
Cambay basin, which extends from Surat in the south to Sanchor in the north, covers an area of about 59,000 sq km with a hydrocarbon resource of more than 15 billion barrels.
Few dozen discoveries, mostly oil, have been reported in the basin. State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp produces oil from most of them and recently Oilex of Australia too has found tight oil.
Sources said the well Kharenti-A was drilled to a total depth of 858 meters in July last year and encountered significant oil shows of Olpad Formation.
Testing done this month resulted in oil being found in three zones. A gross column of 52 meters was interpreted from log analysis and testing data to be oil bearing, they said.
Initial analysis of the oil samples suggests the presence of oil of API 14.
Sources said the company is taking necessary steps to establish potential of the discoveries.
The firm will further deploy world best technologies used to produce heavy oil in USA, Canada and South America to determine and commence production on commercial basis from the Khrentie field.
Jay commented that the discovery of a significant oil column in their first well in CB-ONN-2009/8 is encouraging for the ongoing prospectivity of the block.
The discovery enhances their understanding of the Olpad Play which extends over the entire block and establishes hydrocarbon potential of the various prospects in the block, the firm said.
Jay had won the block in the 8th round of bidding under New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP).
The discoveries are first in NELP VIII blocks and very significant in the recent times in the Cambay basin.
The 136 sq km CB-ONN-2009/8 was among the 13 onland blocks along with 8 deepwater and 11 shallow water areas that were awarded to explorers in 2010.
The company, which has acquired 200 sq km of 3D seismic data, will drill 5 more wells by next quarter. Site for the new wells has already been acquired and the development is on.
It also has city gas distribution licence to retail CNG to automobiles and piped cooking gas to households in Jallandhar, Ludhiana and Kutch (east).
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Air passengers body questions non-existent special faresAir passengers’ body questions ‘non-existent special fares’
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 26:  
Apex air travellers body, Air Passengers Association of India (APAI) today questioned the frequent “special fare” offers by domestic carriers and termed them as “non-existent”, even as it urged the DGCA not to allow such schemes.
The association, in a communication to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, also sought to know as to what action the regulator intends to take against the carriers on the issue.
“We strongly believe that the DGCA must put an end to this practice of offering ridiculously low fares which are non-existent and are not really available to the passenger,” APAI President D Sidhakara Reddy said in his communication to DGCA Prabhat Kumar.
Stating that the association was forced to draw the regulator’s attention towards the issue following several complaints received from the passengers, Reddy said, “most of the times, the schemes are similar and fares announced are also similar. How can this happen unless a cartel is working to fool the travelling public?”
It may be mentioned here that the domestic carriers, led by cash-strapped budget airline SpiceJet have been rolling out one-after another limited period “special sale” offers since January to woo passengers.
“We have received several complaints that first the passengers do not get access to the airline’s portal and if they are able to do so and look for the advertised (special) fare for a particular sector, it shows sold out, whereas most of the other types of fares are only available for bookings,” Reddy alleged.
Pointing out that it has become a routine practice by all airlines to announce such schemes almost once in 10-15 days, the APAI said, “the airlines seem to be doing this with certain objectives in mind as it gives them tremendous publicity at no cost.”
The association has also sought to know from the regulator whether the carriers do inform of the percentage of seats they offer under the special fare as they are supposed to file their fares with DGCA, indicating the quantum allocated under each type of fare offered by them under the bucket pricing method.
“If they are not, then what action do you propose (to take) for not following the procedure?,” Reddy questioned in his communication.
APAI will explore the Right To Information route if the DGCA did not respond to its communication, Reddy added in his communication.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

New guidelines soon for privatisation of airport operationsNew guidelines soon for privatisation of airport operations
PTI
The Hindu Civil Aviation Secretary, V. Somasundaram
Hyderabad, Oct 26:  
The Centre is in the process of finalising guidelines for bringing operations and management of some airports under the Public-Private-Partnership model, Civil Aviation Secretary V Somasundaram has said.
These operations are currently under control of Airports Authority of India.
Somasundaram also said that the five airports selected to be developed under “no-frills airports” category would be operational in the next two years.
“That model (under PPP) is mainly developed for the metro cities. The remaining airports are not in metro area. These are in medium cities. For these airports we may need a revised model because we will not have the kind of volume which Mumbai, Delhi or Bangalore have. So we are working on that,” Somasundaram said.
“May be within a month we will come out (with the guidelines). It is in advanced stage. We need to change the guidelines for PPP model. Within a month we expect these (guidelines) to be finalised. Then they will call for RFQ,” he told PTI during his recent visit to cyclone-hit Visakhapatnam.
Earlier, the Congress-led UPA government had in September last year decided to allow private parties to pick up 100 per cent equity stake in operation and management of the six airports — Chennai, Kolkata, Guwahati, Ahmedabad, Jaipur and Lucknow — through the public-private partnership (PPP) mode.
The move was vehemently opposed by the airports’ unions, alleging that it would reduce the already shrinking revenue of the AAI due to the privatisation of country’s two busiest airports — Mumbai and Delhi.
A parliamentary panel had last year also opposed privatisation of government airports in the country. However, the present government has reportedly decided to keep airports at Chennai and Kolkata out of the PPP model as of now.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Swiss gold exports to India cross CHF 11-bn; banks turn waryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tata Motors raises $750 mn in Fx bond saleTata Motors raises $750 million in foeex bond sale; gets better pricing
PTI Oct 27, 2014, 01.37AM IST
(It had sold $300 million…)
MUMBAI: The country's largest auto maker Tata Motors has raised $750 million from Asian and European investors by selling a dual tranche bond issue which got an over subscription of six times at $4.5 billion.
The company has priced the 5.5-year benchmark senior unsecured notes of $500 million at 4.625 per cent, while the coupon for the 10-year $250 million notes is fixed at 5.750 per cent per annum.
It had sold $300 million worth bonds in April at a coupon of 5.53 per cent for a five-year money, indicating better operating environment for the company.
The proceeds from the issue will be used to refinance external commercial borrowings, capital expenditure and for general corporate purposes, the company said in a statement.
"We are pleased to have completed this transaction successfully and we thank the investors for demonstrating their confidence in us," said Vijay Somaiya, vice-president for finance and head of treasury & investor relations at Tata Motors.
Global rating agency Standard & Poors has assigned BB long-term issue rating to the issue while highlighting Tata Motors' increased dependence on JLR, while rival Moody's has assigned Ba2 to the notes with a stable outlook.
"The ratings on Tata Motors reflect the company's small size and narrow product suite compared with many global peers', and its likely negative free operating cash flows because of high capital expenditure. JLR's established and improving market position in the global premium automotive segment and its strong operating performance temper these weaknesses," S&P said.
S&P further said it believes that the good operating performance of JLR, if sustained, can improve its consolidated financial strength.
Moody's also based the ratings to the continuing good show by its British arm JLR which has contributed over 90 per cent of group operating profit in FY14. "The phenomenal success of JLR continues to buy time for Tata Motors' weak domestic operations to turn around, and these are now showing some improvement."
The stable outlook on the bond reflects JLR's relative strength which continues to allow time for the core domestic business of the company to recover and, despite the negative free cash flow overall, continues to support group credit metrics at an appropriate level for the Ba2 rating, Moody's said.
However, Moody's added that the current fiscal is critical as JLR's sales slows and execution risk rises both in terms of increased product development expenditure and the starting up of overseas manufacturing operations.
Tata Motors is likely to list the benchmark issue on the Singapore exchange, according to merchant banking sources who worked on the issue. They added that Asian investors dominated the 5.5-year issue cornering 61 per cent, while the 10-year issue was lapped up by European and West Asian investors cornered 78 per cent.
Mutual funds have reportedly bought close to 70 per cent of the 5.5 year bond and also bought 50 per cent of the 10-year bonds; insurers bought 40 per cent of the 10-year bonds, said sources at i-bankers which included ANZ Bank, Citigroup, Credit Suisse and StanChart.
Tata Motors had a consolidated revenue of Rs 2,32,834 crore or $38.9 billion in 2013-14. Through subsidiaries and associate companies, it operates in Britain, South Korea, Thailand, South Africa and Indonesia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Khattar - firmly rooted to ground  catapulted to top by Modi | Sworn in as Haryana CMBJP
( An RSS man, Manohar Lal…)
PANCHKULA (Haryana): An RSS man, Manohar Lal Khattar toiled on the ground to build the organisation for last four decades till he was handpicked by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to lead the first BJP government in Haryana.
The 60-year-old bachelor, known for his simple lifestyle and clean image, may be a first-time MLA but he has earned himself the reputation of a tough task master with a no-nonsense approach while working behind-the-scenes in key positions in BJP and is admired for organisational skills.
However, it is his proximity with Modi, who himself was a pracharak for Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), that catapulted him to the Chief Minister's post.
The man, whose parents worked as labourers and who once wanted to be a medico, has become the first Punjabi chief Minister of Haryana and the first non-Jat leader to occupy the post after 18 years.
Known for his political acumen, Khattar played the role of a master strategist and successfully led many electoral campaigns for his party, the latest being 2014 Parliamentary elections in Haryana as chairman of Election Campaign Committee.
It was in 1996, when Khattar was actively working in Haryana, that he first began working with Modi, who was then in charge of the state. In 2002, Khattar was given alloted Jammu and Kashmir as the state's election Incharge.
Notably, Prime Minister Modi started his election campaign for the 2014 Haryana assembly polls by addressing his first rally on October 4 at Karnal, the constituency from where Khattar recorded an emphatic win.
Coming from a humble agricultural background, his family arrived in Haryana from Pakistan post-partition.
They settled at Nindana, a village situated in Haryana's Rohtak district. To survive, his father and grandfather took up odd jobs as labourers, finally saving enough to start a small shop. It was in Nindana that Khattar was born in 1954.
Before he joined RSS as a full-time 'pracharak' in 1980, Khattar ran a shop in Delhi's Sadar Bazar area and took care of his siblings.
In school, Khattar was at the forefront of all activities and also excelled in academics. Keen to pursue a medical degree, he looked towards applying for colleges, despite his opposition from his father who wanted him to take to farming like the rest of the family.
He borrowed money from his mother and enrolled himself in Rohtak's Neki Ram Sharma Government College. He had become the first member of his family to study beyond Class X.
To prepare for entrance tests to medical colleges, Manohar Lal made his way to Delhi, but then borrowed money from his family to open a shop near Sadar Bazaar in the city. Hard work and determination showed results, Khattar returned the borrowed money to his parents, got his younger sister married, and called his two siblings to Delhi.
He also completed his graduation from Delhi University while simultaneously managing his business activities.
After 14 years of service to the Sangh, Khattar was moved to BJP as party general secretary in Haryana in 1994.
In 1996, BJP allied with Bansi Lal's Haryana Vikas Party (which later merged with Congress) to form the government in the state. However, when Khattar noticed that the alliance was "proving costly" for the party and the government had become unpopular, he favoured withdrawal of support from the government.
BJP then decided to provide outside support to Om Prakash Chautala. Later, this coalition with INLD won all 10 seats in the 1999 parliamentary elections from Haryana, a better outcome than 2 out of 10 seats they had secured in 1998.
 
His tenure as party general secretary established him as a strategist, an able and firm handed administrator, and a man who had a keen sense of the state's politics.
Khattar was also called upon to manage elections in the Kutch district by Narendra Modi in the aftermath of the Bhuj earthquake and the BJP secured three out of six seats. In the recent general elections, Khattar was incharge of 50 wards in Varanasi, Modi's Lok Sabha constituency in Uttar Pradesh.
The first elections held in the then newly created state of Chhattisgarh also saw Khattar's invaluable contribution. He worked in Bastar which traditionally favoured Congress and BJP won 10 out of 12 seats - thus playing a decisive role in bringing BJP to power in the state.
Apart from his crucial role in the party's success in states like Punjab, Haryana and Chhattisgarh, he was given prominent roles in various elections in different states where he always delivered results.
In 2004, Khattar found himself in charge of 12 states, including Delhi and Rajasthan. He then worked under the leadership of the nationally renowned RSS ideologue Balasaheb Apte, who was then heading the Chunaav Sahayak Yojana.

BJP may contest without ally in JharkhandBJP may contest without ally in Jharkhand
Happy New Year Shatters Box Office RecordsHappy New Year Shatters Box Office Records
DMK  DMDK announce protest against milk price hikeDMK  DMDK announce protest against milk price hike
Akhilesh sacks 70 lal batti ministers for non-performanceAkhilesh sacks 70 lal batti ministers for non-performance
SIA-Airbus joint venture gets CCI approvalSIA-Airbus joint venture gets CCI approval
Will approach authorities to sort out security concerns: XiaomiWill approach authorities to sort out security concerns: Xiaomi
Iran s execution of Reyhaneh Jabbari draws worldwide condemnationIran s execution of Reyhaneh Jabbari draws worldwide condemnation
Energy reforms  BJP wins in state polls fuel 321 pt Sensex rallyONGC gained 5 percent, while refiners such as Hindustan Petroleum Corp jumped 6.8 percent. (Reuters)
By: Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: October 20, 2014 4:12 pm | Updated: October 20, 2014 4:38 pm
Markets began the Diwali week with a bang with Sensex today surging 321.32 points, its biggest rise in over a week, to end at 26,429.85 buoyed by fuel reforms and hopes of Modi government going ahead with further economic initiatives after BJP’s strong show in state polls.
Furthermore, positive overseas cues on the back of weekend rally in the US on upbeat earnings also bolstered the trading sentiments here. The Indian rupee also strengthened to 61.30 levels against US dollar.
The 30-share Sensex soared by 321.32 points, or 1.23 per cent, to close at 26,429.85 after touching the day’s high of 26,517.90. It had gained 109.19 points on Friday. Today’s rise was the best since 390.49 point jump on October 9.
On similar lines, the 50-share NSE Nifty after reclaiming the 7,900-mark, touched session’s high of 7,905.50 but some profit-booking trimmed gains and it finally settled 99.70 points, or 1.28 per cent, at 7,879.40.
“Participants were optimistic from the early trade on hopes for additional reforms after Narendra Modi’s party won election in one state and emerged as single largest party in the other. Additionally, measures taken by the government in the past two days, like deregulating diesel prices and raising the cost of natural gas also aided the sentiment,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Stocks of state-owned oil marketing companies BPCL, HPCL and Indian Oil hogged the limelight and surged up to 7.38 per cent as diesel deregulation will sharply cut subsidy burden of these companies. Sensex constituents ONGC and GAIL ended in positive terrain with gains up to 5.44 per cent.
Bucking the trend, RIL shares ended 0.39 per cent lower as hike in gas price was lower than expected, traders said.
Auto space stocks also displayed a firm trend on expectations of higher sales on account of ongoing festive season and hopes diesel deregulation will fuel demand for vehicles. Major gainers were Tata Motors, Mahindra and Mahindra, Hero MotoCorp, Maruti Suzuki and Bajaj Auto.
Overall, 25 of the 30 Sensex stocks gained, while five ended lower led by Infosys, TCS, Wipro and ITC Ltd.
Shares of Jindal Steel and Power Ltd tumbled 8.58 per cent after a case of alleged cheating and corruption has been registered by CBI against the company relating to the probe into coal blocks allocated during 1993-2005 period.
Sectorwise, Auto index rose the most by 2.17 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas index 1.94 per cent, Capital Goods index 2.14 per cent, Banking index 1.78 per cent, Metal index 1.57 per cent and Healtchare index 1.23 per cent.
 

Gulf between Infosys & TCS narrows in September quarterPrint
Bangalore | Posted: October 22, 2014 10:53 am
Infosys, India’s second-largest IT services exporter, has narrowed the gulf with its rival Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) in certain growth parameters like organic growth and operating profit margins in the just concluded September quarter, setting the stage for an interesting battle between the two Indian IT majors.
TCS has been consistently maintaining a definite lead over Infosys in all the key metrics like revenue, profit, OPM, attrition rates and there were no signs of any closure of the gap between the two in the past many quarters. However, at the end of second quarter of FY15 the revenue growth reported by Infosys was 3.1% while it stood at 3.6% for TCS, without taking into account the inorganic revenue from the buyout of its stake in its venture with Mitsubishi. In the same vein, the gap between the two in terms of operating profit margins (OPMs) closed down to just 0.7% when compared to 1.2% in the preceding sequential quarter.
Click here for graph
The surprising aspect in this quarter was the differing performance by Infosys and TCS with regard to market expectations. Infosys, which positively surprised the markets with its second-quarter performance, also received the boost with the presence of new CEO, Vishal Sikka, who is also the first non-founder to head the company providing an indication of the way forward for the company. As BNP Paribas, a brokerage house in its note following the results, said, “The new CEO’s strategy is aimed at transforming Infosys into a ‘next-generation’ services company, more details of which are due by April 2015. Infosys believes a successful shift could mean revenue growth of 15-18% and an EBIT margin of 25-28% in the long term, which are significantly higher than current levels. “
Sikka during investors calls post the results spoke about the increasing use of automation, artificial intelligence by Infosys while bringing new paradigm in terms of design thinking and reskilling of their employees. There are enough strong indications that Infosys would be able to achieve its revenue growth guidance of 7-9% for FY15.
However, it would be a long haul for Infosys to match up with TCS, as the latter over the last two years has consistently maintained a very steady growth rate outperforming the industry benchmark. Today, the revenue gap between Infosys and TCS for the second quarter of FY15 stood at $1.7 billion while the net profit difference being $361 million. At one point of time though Infosys had lower revenue than TCS, its OPMs and profit were much higher.
Industry observers say that TCS has set the pace for others in the Indian IT industry. Pradeep Mukherji, president, Avasant, an IT outsourcing advisory firm, said, “TCS is one of the most robust companies in terms of their depth in leadership, range of offerings and the extent of geographic reach. Their DNA is completely different.”

With affordable Alto K10  Maruti does a Celerio encoreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ask Kim: How much would it cost to boost my life insurance coverage1
The price difference is slightly higher for a healthy 40-year-old. For a woman, a $500,000 20-year term insurance policy would cost $304 per year, and $1 million in coverage could cost $529, according to Udell. A 40-year-old man would pay more: $328 per year for a $500,000 20-year term insurance policy and $626 for $1 million.
Ask your insurer how much it would cost to boost your coverage, and compare the cost with buying a new policy. One advantage of buying a new policy is that you start the 20-year clock ticking again. But if you have health problems, you might get a better deal if you ask your current insurer to boost your coverage.
You can get price quotes from many term insurance companies at AccuQuote.com or LifeQuotes.com. If you have any health conditions, it's usually better to call the Web site or agency rather than just comparing quotes online; giving the agent a heads up about your health condition up front can help him find the insurer that's most likely to offer you the best rate.
(Kimberly Lankford is a contributing editor to Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

PSU banks fail to sell MFsPSU banks fail to sell MFs
Joydeep Ghosh & Abhijeet Lele | Mumbai Oct 24, 2014 11:59 PM IST
Public sector banks (PSBs), despite their huge branch networks, haven’t been doing much to expand their mutual fund (MF) businesses.
State Bank of India (SBI), Punjab National Bank, Bank of Baroda, Canara Bank and Union Bank of India all have their asset management companies (AMCs). SBI apart, the others earned dismally low brokerage incomes by selling MFs, less than Rs 10 crore each, in 2013-14. SBI, with a little over 13,000 bank branches, did marginally better — it earned Rs 29 crore.
Private banks, with a much lower branch base, sold MFs more aggressively. HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank had brokerage incomes of Rs 159 crore, Rs 118 crore and Rs 94 crore, respectively, that year.
Says a leading distributor: “Private banks are more aggressive in this business because they consider the fee income —  brokerage and trail commission — an important aspect of their balance sheet.”
As a result, PSB-sponsored MFs are ranked low. SBI's, with average assets of Rs 72,800 crore is 6th in the ranking, an exception among PSBs. Baroda Pioneer, a joint venture between Bank of Baroda and Pioneer Investors, with assets of Rs 7,100 crore, was ranked 22nd; despite a good market, its average assets have fallen since March by Rs 1,000 crore.
More interesting is their strategy. PSBs have concentrated on only selling schemes of their fund house. SBI earned 97 per cent of its brokerage income from its own AMC. Union Bank and Canara Bank have 94 per cent and 100 per cent of incomes from their AMCs'. Clearly, they are unwilling to sell other MF products, though a senior executive from Canara Bank said, “We also have tie-ups with other AMCs. (But), besides the fee money, the overall improvement of the joint venture is also the motive.”
A senior official with SBI said while many officers have been sent on deputation to the AMC, it was natural for a parent to promote products of its subsidiary.
MF managers say all this is a a pity, as these banks have a strong branch network. "A number of schemes that are doing very well but might not belong to the PSB-sponsored fund houses. If they push these schemes as well, they will get more income, beside selling a scheme that has a good history.” In sum, PSBs are acting as agents of their own AMCs, rather than brokers.
Said Hemant Rustagi, chief executive of Wiseinvest Advisors, an MF distributor: “If the sector wants to move beyond the top-15 cities, PSBs have a big role. They are already established in smaller towns and have the confidence of the bank customer. Fund houses on a standalone basis will take a long time to establish their brand in these places.”
Those in the MF sector say as many banks do not set targets such as on fee income from selling such products, branch managers are more interested in meeting their deposit and loan targets. MFs take a back seat.

Bottlenecks need to be cleared to woo private investments: Arvind Subramanian14
0
Washington: Acknowledging that private investment is stifled in India due to "lots of regulations" and also scarcity of coal and electricity, new Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian has said that removing these bottlenecks will be key to kick start growth in the country.
"The Indian economy needs a couple of big things, better governance, a stronger state delivering security of contract, protecting property rights, providing infrastructure," Subramanian said in a podcast interview to IMF.
"You need a bigger role for the private sector, means getting rid of the lots of regulations that stifled the private sector, that stifled employment creation, that stifled the ability of the private sector to grow, to become big. These are the kind of broad twin challenges that India faces," said the former IMF economist, who was appointed Chief Economic Advisor in the Finance Ministry on October 16.
Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian said a five per cent growth rate is "remotely not enough" for India to grow and provide the jobs for the expanding labour force.
#indian economy #arvind subramanian #imf
Responding to a question, Subramanian said, "A lot of projects are stalled, because there is not enough power, there is not enough coal, or the companies are over indebted."
"So clearing these bottlenecks is going to be the biggest kick start to private investment and growth," he said. Bureaucrats were not taking some crucial decisions fearing that they would be sued in courts, he said.
"So I think, just creating the conditions for more expeditious decision making and then you need to get the infrastructure going again, making power and coal and addressing those would be a big priority," he said.
Subramanian said a five per cent growth rate is "remotely not enough" for India to grow and provide the jobs for the expanding labour force. "Growth would have to be brought back to seven-and-a-half and eight per cent consistently for about 10, 15, 20 years, if India is to really address all these challenges," he said.
4

Euro rises on bank stress tests report  short-coveringDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Favours Interest Rate Cut: ReportIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
New Delhi: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley favours a cut in interest rates to trigger demand in the construction sector, a newspaper report said on Saturday, but the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has signalled it will not ease policy until it is confident of lower inflation.
In May, Prime Minister Modi was elected on promises that his government would create jobs and rejuvenate the economy, but experts were disappointed by Mr Jaitley's first budget and a lack of early progress on fixing structural economic problems.
"Currently, interest rates are a disincentive. Now that inflation seems to be stabilising somewhat, the time seems to have come to moderate the interest rates," Mr Jaitley said in an interview to a newspaper.
Last month, the RBI sent a strong signal that it would refrain from cutting interest rates until it was confident that consumer inflation can be cut to a target of 6 per cent by January 2016.
India's retail inflation eased for a second straight month in September, but the risks of price shocks from weak monsoon rains and oil are expected to prevent the central bank from cutting interest rates soon.
Consumer prices rose a slower-than-expected 6.46 per cent from a year earlier, the lowest since figures were first published in January 2012.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Communal violence in Trilokpuri after Diwalipicture  others
Communal violence grip’s East Delhi’s Trilokpuri after Diwali
Members of the Hindu and Muslim community clashed in East Delhi’s Trilokpuri area on Friday evening. Police said they had to resort to firing tear gas shells and lathicharge to quell the violence.  (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
There were unconfirmed reports that a resident was shot in the leg during the violence.   According to police, tension had been mounting in the area after a group began building a temple near a mosque two weeks ago. There were minor clashes on Eid and Diwali.  (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
Police personnel were rushed to Trilokpuri to bring the situation under control. Till late Friday, senior police officers and at least 25 PCR vans were doing rounds in the area. (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
On Friday, things got out of control after a large group took to the streets pelting stones and glass bottles and firing in the air, police said. (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
Till late Friday, senior police officers and at least 25 PCR vans weer doing rounds in the area. (Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Police said they had to resort to firing tear gas shells and lathicharge to quell the violence. (Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Related

Global shares post best week since mid-2013 on earnings boostGlobal shares post best week since mid-2013 on earnings boost
Reuters | New York Oct 25, 2014 09:29 PM IST
 
Global equity markets rose on Friday after strong corporate results from Microsoft and Procter & Gamble and reduced concerns over the possible spread of Ebola boosted US shares and kept safe-haven US Treasuries prices stable.
MSCI's all-country world equity index rose 3.1 per cent for the week, marking its biggest weekly percentage gain since July 2013, while the benchmark US S&P 500 was up 5.5 per cent from its low on October 15 and notched its best weekly gain in almost two years. Solid US corporate results bolstered shares over the week.
News late on Thursday of the first person to test positive for Ebola in New York City weighed on European shares, and while the scare initially held back buying in the United States, US investors later shook off those concerns.
"Ebola is something you want to keep an eye on, but the probability of widespread infection is pretty small, and I think that's what the market believes," said Scott Wren, senior equity strategist at Wells Fargo Advisors in St Louis.
"Stocks were oversold. Investors were over-worried about global growth, they were over-worried about Ebola," he added on reasons for the stock market rally over the week.
Corporate earnings were mixed. Microsoft and Procter & Gamble rose following their quarterly results, offsetting a plunge in Amazon after the online retailer reported an earnings miss. Microsoft shares closed up 2.5 per cent at $46.13, while Amazon shares closed down 8.3 per cent at $287.06.
The euro rose against the dollar on the view that a weekend update on the euro zone banking sector's financial health would not reveal too many problems at the region's top banks. As of the end of 2013, 25 banks failed the European stress tests, two sources familiar with the matter told Reuters on Friday.
MSCI's all-country world equity index was last up 0.45 per cent, to 409.23. The FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares closed down 0.34 per cent at 1,312.74. The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 0.76 per cent at 16,805.41, while the S&P 500 closed up 0.71 per cent at 1,964.58. The Nasdaq Composite closed up 0.69 per cent at 4,483.72.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback versus a basket of six currencies, fell 0.14 per cent to 85.721. US 10-year Treasury notes were last up 3/32 in price to yield 2.2658 per cent.
Brent oil prices fell but were little changed on the week, while US crude oil futures continued to slide. Brent crude LCOc1 settled at $86.13 a barrel, down 70 cents for the day, while US crude CLc1 settled down $1.08 at $81.01 a barrel.

Cities in Motion: Check out the 20 smartest places on Earthcities in motion: check out the 20 smartest places on earth
Neyveli Lignite CorporationHeavy rain forces reduction in power generation from NLC
Nov 15, 2014 at 16:30 | Source: PTI
Mining operations have been partially affected due to excessive rainfall in Cuddalore district since November 12 and pumping out of excess water from the mines is in progress, the company said in a stock exchange filing.
Stocks in news: L&T, Coal India, Jet, Sesa, FTIL, Crompton
Nov 10, 2014 at 08:26 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sesa Sterlite | Bharti Airtel Coal India | Larsen and Toubro | Essar Oil | Jet Airways | Central Bank of India | Bharat Forge | Apollo Tyres | Motherson Sumi | Adani Ports | Adani Power | Financial Technologies and Crompton Greaves are stocks, which are in the news today.
Neyveli Lignite Q2 profit up 8% to Rs 259 cr
Nov 07, 2014 at 21:13 | Source: PTI
For the first half of the current fiscal (April-September), its profit after tax rose to Rs 593.40 crore, from Rs 518.43 crore a year ago.
Neyveli Lignite: Updates on outcome of AGM
Oct 25, 2014 at 10:59 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Neyveli Lignite Corporation has submitted a copy of the 58th annual general meeting (AGM) of the company held on September 24, 2014.
Subir Das takes charge as director of Neyveli Lignite
Oct 06, 2014 at 10:58 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Neyveli Lignite Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that Shri Subir Das has assumed charge as Director (Mines) of the Company w.e.f. September 30, 2014 after the relinquishment of Shri. M. S. Ravindranath as Director (Mines) on August 31, 2014 on superannuation.
Neyveli Lignite Corporation: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Sep 26, 2014 at 11:18 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Neyveli Lignite Corporation has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 58th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 24, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Sanjay G. Dhande, C. Balakrishnan cease to be directors of Neyveli Lignite
Sep 24, 2014 at 12:20 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Neyveli Lignite Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that Dr. Sanjay G. Dhande and Shri. C. Balakrishnan, Part-time Non-official Directors have ceased to be the Directors of the Company w.e.f. September 24, 2014.
Premier Explosives sees FY15 rev growth at Rs 180-200 cr
Sep 22, 2014 at 14:29 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The stock has rallied more than 300 percent in the last one year and more than 150 percent in 2014 and 50 percent just in the month of September.
Neyveli Lignite: Updates on ensuing AGM on Sept 24, 2014
Sep 19, 2014 at 08:56 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Neyveli Lignite Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that Dr. Sanjay G Dhande and Shri C.Balakrishnan, who were proposed for appointment as Directors at the 58th Annual General Meeting of the Company scheduled to be held on September 24, 2014, have communicated their withdrawal of candidature for Directorships at the aforesaid meeting.
Govt seeks affidavit from coal, lignite block allottees
Sep 03, 2014 at 18:28 | Source: PTI
The Coal Ministry, which earlier sought the report on the coal blocks from the companies, is now insisting on affidavits so that they could be placed before the apex court.
Heavy rain forces reduction in power generation from NLC
Nov 15, 2014 at 16:30 | Source: PTI
Mining operations have been partially affected due to excessive rainfall in Cuddalore district since November 12 and pumping out of excess water from the mines is in progress, the company said in a stock exchange filing.
Neyveli Lignite Q2 profit up 8% to Rs 259 cr
Nov 07, 2014 at 21:13 | Source: PTI
For the first half of the current fiscal (April-September), its profit after tax rose to Rs 593.40 crore, from Rs 518.43 crore a year ago.
Stocks in news: L&T, Coal India, Jet, Sesa, FTIL, Crompton
Nov 10, 2014 at 08:26 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sesa Sterlite | Bharti Airtel Coal India | Larsen and Toubro | Essar Oil | Jet Airways | Central Bank of India | Bharat Forge | Apollo Tyres | Motherson Sumi | Adani Ports | Adani Power | Financial Technologies and Crompton Greaves are stocks, which are in the news today.
Neyveli Lignite: Updates on outcome of AGM
Oct 25, 2014 at 10:59 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Neyveli Lignite Corporation has submitted a copy of the 58th annual general meeting (AGM) of the company held on September 24, 2014.
Subir Das takes charge as director of Neyveli Lignite
Oct 06, 2014 at 10:58 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Neyveli Lignite Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that Shri Subir Das has assumed charge as Director (Mines) of the Company w.e.f. September 30, 2014 after the relinquishment of Shri. M. S. Ravindranath as Director (Mines) on August 31, 2014 on superannuation.
Neyveli Lignite Corporation: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Sep 26, 2014 at 11:18 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Neyveli Lignite Corporation has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 58th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 24, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Sanjay G. Dhande, C. Balakrishnan cease to be directors of Neyveli Lignite
Sep 24, 2014 at 12:20 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Neyveli Lignite Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that Dr. Sanjay G. Dhande and Shri. C. Balakrishnan, Part-time Non-official Directors have ceased to be the Directors of the Company w.e.f. September 24, 2014.
Premier Explosives sees FY15 rev growth at Rs 180-200 cr
Sep 22, 2014 at 14:29 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The stock has rallied more than 300 percent in the last one year and more than 150 percent in 2014 and 50 percent just in the month of September.
Neyveli Lignite: Updates on ensuing AGM on Sept 24, 2014
Sep 19, 2014 at 08:56 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Neyveli Lignite Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that Dr. Sanjay G Dhande and Shri C.Balakrishnan, who were proposed for appointment as Directors at the 58th Annual General Meeting of the Company scheduled to be held on September 24, 2014, have communicated their withdrawal of candidature for Directorships at the aforesaid meeting.
Govt seeks affidavit from coal, lignite block allottees
Sep 03, 2014 at 18:28 | Source: PTI
The Coal Ministry, which earlier sought the report on the coal blocks from the companies, is now insisting on affidavits so that they could be placed before the apex court.
Videos »

PM Modi to meet BJP MPs  allies over high tea at 7RCR todayOct 26, 2014 at  09:46am IST
PM Modi to meet BJP MPs, allies over high tea at 7RCR today
20
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will on Sunday evening host a high tea for all NDA MPs at his residence in the national capital. This would be the first time when all the MPs of NDA will come together since the BJP led-government assumed office.
An invitation has been extended to all allies including Shiv Sena MPs inspite of the alliance in Maharashtra being recently called off before the Assembly elections. They are all expected to be present including lone Sena minister in the government, Anant Geethe.
Geethe said, "MPs have no agenda. PM is hosting a gathering to discuss government agenda. The people of Maharashtra want BJP and Shiv Sena to run the government together. Decision will be taken in the favour of people of Maharashtra."
The government will also discuss with its allies the development work and schemes initiation over the past five months.
#bjp #nda #narendra modi #modi
The invite is also being seen as an attempt at rapprochement by both as government formation talks in Maharashtra have progressed in the past week. The government will also discuss with its allies the development work and schemes initiation over the past five months.
Meanwhile, talks between BJP and Shiv Sena over government formation in Maharashtra have progressed in the last week. A Gadkari loyalist, Sudhir Mungantiwar, has reiterated that the state unit wanted Gadkari as the chief minister. Senior leader from north Maharashtra, Eknath Khadse too threw his hat in the ring saying that people wanted a chief minister from north Maharashtra.
Meanwhile, the BJP sources said that the new BJP government in Maharashtra was likely to be sworn in on October 29 or 30. Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh will be in the state on Monday.
On the eve of the BJP central observers visit to Mumbai to elect the legislature party leader, the race for the CM hasn't been settled. Devendra Fadnavis remains the front runner with the Sangh and the top brass backing him.
4

Narendra Modi sings media praises  assures deeper tiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM led ACC to select Chief Commissioner of Gurdwara pollsPM led ACC to select Chief Commissioner of Gurdwara polls
Jammu And Kashmir  Jharkhand To Hold Assembly Polls In 5 PhasesJammu And Kashmir  Jharkhand To Hold Assembly Polls In 5 Phases
Assocham against govt disclosing names of black money holdersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SBI targets Rs 250 cr/day home loan businessSBI targets Rs 250 cr/day home loan business
PTI
The bank’s disbursal shoots up after waiver off processing fee as part of festival offer.
Mumbai, Oct 26:  
Country’s largest lender State Bank of India has set an ambitious target of disbursing Rs 250 crore of home loans every day during the ongoing festive season, which currently stands close to Rs 200 crore.
After it waived off the processing fee late September as part of its festive offering, the bank is disbursing close to Rs 200 crore home loans every day.
“The home loan disbursement is going up each day. It was Rs 130 crore in the beginning when we scrapped the processing fee. Then it moved up to Rs 150 crore, and then Rs 175 crore, and has now stabilised at Rs 188 crore a day. My target is Rs 250 crore a day,” managing director for national banking and group executive B Sriram told PTI in an interview.
Year-to-date, the home loan sanctions stood at Rs 20,032 crore as against Rs 18,500 crore a year ago, he said, constituting around 14 per cent uptick year-on-year.
In percentage terms, the growth is 14-15 per cent year-on-year in the first half, he said, adding, “we are hopeful that it will become 18-20 per cent in the current quarter.”
Stating that the bank has not launched any scheme during the festive season but has waived off the processing charges on car and home loans, Sriram said from the last week of September the bank was seeing quite a traction on loan queries and disbursals.
On the average ticket size, Sriram said it is improving and it is Rs 30-32 lakh now and the focus is to take it to Rs 50 lakh.
“We are focussing on high value home loans because now almost 80 per cent of our home loans are below Rs 50 lakh. So we are not very much in the above Rs 50 lakh segment. And above Rs 75 lakh we are just 12 per cent. So we need to improve that and have also brought down interest rates on par with the other segment. This is one focus areas now. We need to push the average ticket size to about Rs 50 lakh,” Sriram said.
Impact of processing fee waiver on auto loans
On the impact of the processing fee waiver on auto loans, Sriram said, “In the first week of September we were giving 700 to 800 car loans a day but on September 30, the total was 3,400 loans. Because last week we saw quite an increase — some 1,500-3,400 loans a day.”
“Every day there was a jump of 300-400 cars. Since then because of holidays it has come back to 800-1,000 cars, but again improved from October 15 onwards. We hope this trend to continue till the rest of the quarter,” he said.
This is despite the fact that after five successive months of sales growth, car sales slipped 1.03 per cent in September to 1,54,882 units year-on-year. But motorcycle sales climbed 19.34 per cent to 10,56,509 units, according to SIAM data. But vehicle sales across categories rose 20.44 per cent to 19,04,007 units in September.
It can be noted that despite the general weakness in credit growth for the system, which has been hovering at 10-11 per cent for quite some time, there was come pick in mortgage loans, especially by retail customers.
HDFC growth
For instance, the pure-play mortgage leader HDFC which reported a 7.2 per cent jump in net profit in the September quarter at Rs 1,358 crore, was driven primarily by a healthy growth in individual loans which clipped at 23 per cent or 71 per cent of its total loans sold in the quarter.
Growth in the non-individual loan portfolio stood at a low 11 per cent. The growth in the total loan book inclusive of loans sold is 19 per cent.
For HDFC, a whopping 81 per cent of the incremental growth in the loan book during the period came from individual loans.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

CITU wants tax holiday for cyclone-hit Vizag PSUsCITU wants tax holiday for cyclone-hit Vizag PSUs
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Oct 26:  
The AP unit of the Centre for Indian Trade Unions (CITU) has urged the Centre to declare a tax holiday for the public sector units in the city such as Visakhapatnam Steel Plant, the HPCL refinery, Hindusthan Shipyard and the Visakhapatnam port to enable them to revive operations at the earliest.
At a press conference here on Sunday, CITU state vice-president, Ch. Narasinga Rao, said the CPSUs had suffered an irreparable loss due to loss of production since October 12 and damage was caused to expensive machinery. It would take a long time for the industries to achieve normal production.
He said, "In view of heavy loss suffered by RINL, HPCL, BHEL, HSL and other industries, we appeal to the Centre to declare a tax holiday and give other incentives to the industries to revive their units."
He said the RINL-Visakhapatnam steel plant had been suffering a production loss of Rs 40 crore per day and he blamed the management for not taking timely measures to shut down production following warnings issued by the Cyclone Warning Centre. He said most of the industries had shut down their operations only after tripping caused by cyclone Hudhud. He also accused the RINL authorities of hiding the losses caused by the cyclone, as the PSU was set to offload 10 per cent of its equity.
He also found fault with the authorities for forcing industrial workers to forego one day's wage to contribute to Chief Minister's Cyclone Relief Fund. "It is not fair on their part to burden the workers at a time when workers themselves suffered heavy damage to their houses/furniture in the aftermath of the cyclone. It should be purely voluntary," he added.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

ICVL to invest $500 mn in Mozambique coal minesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ICVL to invest $500 mn in Mozambique coal mines
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 26:  
State-owned International Coal Ventures (ICVL) will invest $500 million to create logistics and other infrastructure support in the next 2-3 years at its recently acquired coal mines in Mozambique, a senior official of the PSU said.
ICVL is also looking to appoint a full-time official with rich experience in coal mining to head the operation of the Mozambique mines to turn them into a profitable venture, he said.
The company had signed the pact on July 28 to buy Rio Tinto’s 65 per cent stake in Benga and 100 per cent stake each in Zambeze and Tete East coal assets in the African nation for $50 million.
Currently Benga, the only operational mine, produces about 5 million tonnes per annum and is making cash losses. The mines need creation of about 500 km railway line and port, he said.
“There are logistic issues. At this point of time, it (mining operations) is making cash losses. There are about one billion tonnes of coal reserves available. It needs another $500 million in the next two to three years. It is a very good strategic investment,” the official told PTI, adding that the immediate goal is to ramp up the production to 12 million tonnes per annum.
As of now, five million tonnes of coal is yielding two mt of washed coal which is being taken by Tatas, a partner in Benga with 35 per cent stake, he said.
As of now, there is no plan to rope in a third partner for the creation of necessary infrastructure for ramping up production, he said.
“It needs about Rs 3,000 crore ($500 million). All the PSUs can put together and invest over a period of time. I don’t see any necessity for an outsider to join us,” the official explained.
ICVL, a joint venture of Steel Authority of India, Coal India, Rashtriya Ispat Nigam, NTPC and NMDC, was created to ensure long-term security of supply of the critical raw material for the steel industry. NTPC has expressed its intention to opt out of the joint venture.
Replying to a query, he said the PSU is mulling to appoint a senior and experienced person to head Mozambique operations.
“We are trying to put a core team headed by an expert (in coal mining for Mozambique). The person may not necessarily be from the four PSUs. He could be an outsider also. Except Coal India, none of the partners have much of coal mining experience,” the official added.
Rio Tinto had bought these assets through the acquisition of Riversdale Mining Ltd in 2011 for $4 billion. However, in 2013, it wrote off $3.5 billion of the purchase price.
All three assets put together are estimated to hold about 2.6 billion tonnes of coal reserves.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Actor Nagarjuna joins Swachch Bharat campaignActor Nagarjuna joins Swachch Bharat campaign
K V Kurmanath
PTI A file picture of actor Nagarjuna with Narendra Modi.
Hyderabad, Oct. 26:  
Film actor-entrepreneur Nagarjuna has joined the Swatch Bharat initiative started by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and nominates seven others including Facebook India chief Kirthiga Reddy to take up the challenge.
While taking the pledge at Annapoorna Studios on Sunday morning, he said he would work with like-minded people to make it a continuous effort.
The actor unveiled www.nag4SwachhBharat.org to spread the word. Those who are nominated by him include Syed Mazher Hussain (who set up the NGO COVA), Mujeeb Khan (President of Bhoomi Foundation), Sudeep (Kannada actor), Pullela Gopichand (badminton player) and actor Pullela Gopichand.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

APAI questions non-existent low fares offered by airlinesBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:40 pm
Apex air travellers body, Air Passengers Association of India (APAI) today questioned the frequent “special fare” offers by domestic carriers like SpiceJet, Jet Airways, Indigo, Air India and others and termed them as “non-existent”, even as it urged the DGCA not to allow such schemes.
The association, in a communication to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, also sought to know as to what action the regulator intends to take against the carriers on the issue.
“We strongly believe that the DGCA must put an end to this practice of offering ridiculously low fares which are non-existent and are not really available to the passenger,” APAI President D Sidhakara Reddy said in his communication to DGCA Prabhat Kumar.
Stating that the Association was forced to draw the regulator’s attention towards the issue following several complaints received from the passengers, Reddy said, “most of the times, the schemes are similar and fares announced are also similar. How can this happen unless a cartel is working to fool the travelling public ?”
It may be mentioned here that the domestic carriers, led by cash-strapped budget airline SpiceJet have been rolling our one-after another limited period “special sale” offers since January this year to woo passengers.
“We have received several complaints that first the passengers do not get access to the airline’s portal and if they are able to do so and look for the advertised (special) fare for a particular sector, it shows sold out, whereas most of the other types of fares are only available for bookings,” Reddy alleged.
Pointing out that it become a routine practice by all the airlines to announce such schemes almost once in 10-15 days, APAI said, “the Airlines seem to be doing this with certain objectives in mind as it gives them tremendous publicity at no cost.”
The Association has also sought to know from the regulator whether the carriers do inform of the percentage of seats they offer under the special fare as they are supposed to file their fares with DGCA, indicating the quantum allocated under each type of fare offered by them under the bucket pricing method.
“If they are not then what action do you propose (to take) for not following the procedure?,” Reddy questioned in his communication.
APAI will explore the Right To Information (RTI) route if the DGCA did not respond to its communication, Reddy added in his communication.
 

Who s Who of Modi government  BJP attend ceremonyWho s Who of Modi government  BJP attend ceremony
DLF ban:MFs say Sebi should not enforce all its rules on themHi Guest
DLF ban: MFs say Sebi should not enforce all its rules on them
As DLF is unable to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 2,500 crore in view of Sebi's ban on the largest builder in a case pertaining to its IPO in 2007, MFs have said that the capital market regulator should not enforce all its rules on them.  "As a ...

Financial regulators to issue warning against ISIL linksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India firm on objections to WTO Doha Round dealIndia firm on objections to WTO Doha Round deal
IANS  United Nations, October 24, 2014
First Published: 11:22 IST(24/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:39 IST(24/10/2014)
Comments
Even as the World Trade Organisation's trade deal remained stalled due to India's objections, an Indian envoy at the UN stood firm on them, declaring a "permanent solution on food security with necessary changes in World Trade Organisation (WTO) rules, if required, is a must and cannot be kicked down the road".
Amit Narang, a Counsellor at India's UN Mission, has said that the trade agreement cannot be "about negotiating livelihood security and subsistence of hundreds of millions of farmers".
While New Delhi was committed to the decisions reached at a meeting of ministers last December in Bali that form the core of the trade deal "and has no intention of going back on them," he said, "The issue of food security is central to the pursuit of poverty eradication and sustainable development in developing countries and must be treated with the same urgency as other issues, if not more."
The WTO's deal on global trade, known as the Doha Round for the place where the current negotiations were launched in 2001, has been blocked almost single-handedly by India over the agriculture issues.
On Tuesday, in Geneva, WTO Director General Roberto Azevedo acknowledged the impasse and announced that negotiations would continue. "I will be convening meetings, but as always, the substance will be up to you. Whether, and how, we make progress will be in your hands," he was quoted as telling the 160-member organisation.
The crux of India's objections are the WTO limits on agriculture subsidies at 10 per cent of the total value of foodgrain production and on stockpiling foodgrains. Complying with the Food Security Act passed last year that guarantees subsidised foodgrains to about 70 percent of the nation's population could result in breaching these limits leading to penalties for India.
Acknowledging that concluding the Doha Round was urgent, Narang told the UN General Assembly Committee that deals with finance and economics, "We must be clear that this Round is not about the perpetuation of structural flaws in global trade, especially in agriculture."
He added, "It is indeed paradoxical that just as we assign a high priority to food security as part of the Post-2015 Development Agenda and even as it has been included as a prominent (UN) Sustainable Development Goal, there seems reluctance in addressing this important issue as part of global trade rules."
India has been under pressure from several countries, particularly the US, to drop its objections to the deal known formally as the Trade Facilitation Agreement.
Narang, Tuesday at the same committee, raised a global financial issue that has been held up by the US and suggested exploring options to end the impasse.
A proposal to reform the governance of the International Monetary Fund and change its votes quota that was agreed upon in 2010 and has the support of President Obama's administration has been snagged in domestic US politics, failing to gain the requisite votes to pass at the IMF.
"It is important for these reforms to be completed by the end of this year," he said. "In case this does not happen due to non-ratification by some members, we must explore every available option for completing the current round of the quota reform process."
The reforms would enhance the voting powers of India and emerging market and developing countries to reflect that changes in the world economy.
Narang said, "We need to have multilateral mechanisms that have full and effective participation of developing countries, if genuine global coordination is to be achieved."

Xiaomi shifts smartphone user data out of Beijing on privacy concernsXiaomi shifts smartphone user data out of Beijing on privacy concerns
Reuters  Beijing, October 24, 2014
First Published: 11:09 IST(24/10/2014) | Last Updated: 11:14 IST(24/10/2014)
Comments
Fast-growing Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc said on Thursday it is migrating some data on non-Chinese customers away from its servers in Beijing due to performance and privacy considerations.
Data belonging to the privately owned company's non-Chinese users will be moved in several phases to Amazon Inc servers in the United States and data centres in Singapore, Xiaomi vice president Hugo Barra said in a Wednesday blog post on Google Plus.
The migration follows Apple Inc's move earlier this year to store Chinese user data with China Telecom Corp, the first time the iPhone maker has kept user data on the Chinese mainland.
User privacy remains a key issue for Xiaomi as it eyes overseas expansion, having risen in the three years since it was founded to become the top smartphone vendor in China, according to industry analysts. It has already faced several privacy controversies, including accusations from international security researchers and a government agency in Taiwan that it funnels unauthorized user data back to its servers in Beijing.
Apart from privacy, Barra also said the moving data to overseas servers has significantly boosted speed in markets such as Singapore, India and Malaysia. Xiaomi is targeting India and Brazil as its next big markets.
Technology companies typically keep data centres physically close to their user base to maximize service speeds, but the question of where to situate them has sometimes been politically wrought. Companies such as Google Inc, for instance, have chosen to store user data off mainland Chinese soil over concerns about privacy and the need to comply with Chinese censorship laws.
Moving data offshore "better equips us to maintain high privacy standards and comply with local data protection regulations," Barra wrote. "This is a very high priority for Xiaomi as we expand into new markets over the next few years."
Barra's post came days after the Chinese web monitoring group Greatfire.org accused Chinese government-affiliated hackers of seeking to obtain Chinese Apple users' personal data. Apple chief executive Tim Cook discussed information security with a top Chinese official while visiting Beijing this week, according to Chinese state media.
Barra said Xiaomi will also begin using Akamai Technologies Inc's content delivery service, which in the past has served clients ranging from Apple to Netflix Inc.

Wal-Mart India names Murali Lanka as chief operations officer The world's biggest retailerWal-Mart Stores Inc named on Friday Murali Lanka as the chief operations officer of its Indian subsidiary with effect from December 1.
    
Lanka will lead store operations, sales and business development, membership and marketing and asset protection functions for the Best Price Modern Wholesale stores, Wal-Mart India, the wholly owned subsidiary of Wal-Mart Stores Inc, it said in a statement.
    
He will report to Krish Iyer, president and CEO, Wal-Mart India.
    
Announcing the appointment, Iyer said: "His depth of knowledge and global experience will bring a fresh perspective to our business. He is a veteran at Wal-Mart with almost 25 years in the company."      He further said Lanka's experience in food and general merchandise and commitment to e-commerce will help the company serve customers even more effectively in the years to come.
    
Murali had joined Wal-Mart in 1989 and played various roles in its Sam's Club.
 
In 2008, he came to India as the Head of Operations and spent five years before repatriating to US in 2013 as the Developmental Regional General Manager in the Texas division.
    
Wal-Mart India owns and operates 20 Best Price Modern Wholesale stores in eight states across India. The first store opened in Amritsar in May 2009.
    
Earlier in April this year before the general elections, Wal-Mart had announced that it would focus only on wholesale business and decided to stay away from multi-brand retail in India.
    
It had announced plans to open 50 wholesale stores in the next four to five years to expand its footprint in the country.
    
Later when the NDA government led by BJP, which opposed FDI in multi-brand retail, came into power in May, Wal-Mart India had stated it would "engage and work" with the new government and continue to focus on the cash and carry business in the country.
Advertisement

India s Growth Pace to Pick Up as Reforms Draw Investment: PollIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
Bangalore: India's economy will likely grow at its fastest pace in two years in the current fiscal year as Prime Minister Narendra Modi implements reforms to attract investment, a Reuters poll of economists showed on Friday.
The after-glow from Mr Modi's election victory earlier in the year helped India's economy clock a robust 5.7 per cent growth rate for the quarter ending in June.
The economy has just lumbered through the longest spell of below-5 per cent growth in a quarter of a century, but forecasts are now predicting that the slump has passed.
Hopes of reforms for economic revival from Mr Modi have attracted foreign capital inflows - before the election in May until now - triggering a massive rally in the stock market, making it one of the best performers in Asia so far this year.
That optimism looks set to continue.
"The outlook is improving and that mostly reflects the fact that the new government has pledged to prioritise economic reforms. First we saw an improvement in sentiment and now it is translating to actual pick-up in activity," said Tuuli McCully, senior economist at Scotiabank.
"Obviously, we really need to see more (reforms). But as of now, I am encouraged by how things are moving."
Over the past month, the Narendra Modi government has stepped up economic reforms, opening up the coal industry to private investors and freeing diesel prices to market forces from government subsidies.
The latest Reuters poll of 20 economists taken over the past week shows Asia's third-largest economy will likely grow 5.5 per cent this fiscal year (2014-15) and 6.4 per cent the next, slightly better than 5.3 per cent and 6.3 per cent expected in the July poll.
"India is transitioning away from stagflation conditions, and the much-needed combination of higher real rates, a more friendly investment environment and structural reforms appear to be slowly coming together," wrote Manoj Pradhan, an economist at Morgan Stanley.
However, without big-bang reforms to propel the economy back to a near double-digit growth, economists say, a broader and sustained economic revival will likely remain elusive.
Also, the global economy is showing signs of weakening and is expected to weigh on overseas demand for Indian merchandise.
Indeed, the economic outlook for two of India's biggest trading partners - China and the euro zone - has dimmed and is expected to drag on the global economy.
Consumer price inflation - the biggest challenge faced by the Reserve Bank of India - cooled to 6.46 per cent last month, the lowest level since this series began in January 2012, from a revised 7.73 per cent in August.
But the poll showed consumer prices will average 7.5 per cent this fiscal year and ease to 7 per cent next year.
"Despite lower inflation prints and the fall in commodity prices, the communication from RBI suggests it will keep monetary policy restrictive in the near term to achieve medium-term price stability," wrote Rahul Bajoria, economist at Barclays.
The RBI is expected to keep its key repo rate steady at 8.0 per cent well into next year, even as a separate Reuters poll in September showed the Sensex would keep setting record highs through to the end of 2015.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Telecom Department Seeks Details on Reliance Jio  Infotel Merger: ReportAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: The Department of Telecom (DoT) has sought more details on the proposed merger of Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd (RJIL) and its long distance services arm Infotel.
Reliance Jio Infocomm had sought the telecom department's approval for the merger of Infotel Telecom Ltd (ITL) with itself.
According to sources, DoT has asked RJIL to provide details about the minimum paid up equity capital as on April 1 for years 2012, 2013 and 2014 and net worth of the company during the same period.
The source said that RJIL was asked to provide the break-up of its Indian and foreign equities.
"RJIL was also directed to clarify that why the matter of second transfer or company Rancore Technologies Private Ltd have not been brought up in their request for proposed merger," sources said.
Rancore Technologies is also a subsidiary of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL).
RIL had announced that it would launch commercial 4G telecom service of RJIL in 2015, entailing investment of Rs 70,000 crore.
Reliance Industries had said that RJIL would initially cover about 5,000 towns and cities accounting for over 90 per cent of urban India, as well as over 215,000 villages in India and that the target is to expand this to over 600,000 villages.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 20:25 (IST)

Commerce Ministry Sets Up Panel to Draft National IPR PolicyYou are here: Home Economy
Commerce Ministry Sets Up Panel to Draft National IPR Policy
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 24, 2014 22:26 (IST)
Iron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
New Delhi: The Commerce and Industry Ministry on Friday constituted a six-member think tank to draft the National Intellectual Property Rights Policy.
The panel, to be chaired by retired Justice Prabha Sridevan, will identify areas in the Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs) where study needs to be conducted and furnish recommendations in this regard to the ministry, an official statement said.
The expert group set up by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) will also advise the government on best practices to be followed in Trademark Offices, Patent Offices and other Government Offices dealing with IPR in order to create an efficient and transparent system of functioning in the said offices.
As per the term of reference, it would provide views on the possible implications of demands placed by the negotiating partners and prepare periodic reports on best practice followed in foreign countries.
It will keep the government regularly informed about the developments taking place in IPR cases which have an impact upon India's IPR Policy, it said.
The statement further said that it will examine the current issues raised by industry associations and those that may have appeared in media and to give suggestions to the ministry on such issues.
Other members of the expert panel are Senior Advocate Pratibha M Singh, Advocate Punita Bhargava, Unnat Pandit of Cadila Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Rajeev Srinivasan, director of Asian School of Business, and Narendra K Sabarwal, retired DDG at World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO).
The decision assumes significance as the Obama administration in the recent times has been strongly
criticising India's investment climate and IPR laws, especially in the pharmaceuticals and the solar sectors.
The panel would also give suggestions on the steps that may be taken for improving infrastructure in Intellectual Property offices and Tribunals, it said.
It will also highlight anomalies in the current IPR legislations and to advice possible solutions to the ministry.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 22:19 (IST)

Top Jet Airways Officer Karnik QuitsYou are here: Home Corporates
Top Jet Airways Officer Subodh Karnik Quits
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 24, 2014 23:58 (IST)
New Delhi: Top Jet Airways' officer Subodh Karnik has quit the airline, becoming the latest in a spate of resignations from the premier private carrier after Gulf-based Etihad Airways picked up a 24 per cent stake in it.
Mr Karnik was appointed chief operating officer-designate, pending regulatory clearances, only in July this year.
A spokesperson for the airline said Mr Karnik left Jet for "family reasons".
There have been several other high-profile exits in the carrier over the past few months. They include two CEOs Nikos Kardassis and Gary K Toomey, chief commercial officer Sudheer Raghavan, chief financial officer Ravishankar Gopalakrishnan and vice president (investor relations) K G Vishwanath, after Jet and Abu Dhabi-based Etihad struck the deal in November last year.
"Subodh Karnik, Chief Operating Officer (Designate) will be leaving Jet Airways for family reasons and is returning to Atlanta to be closer to his wife and children who were unable to move to India," a Jet spokesperson said here.
"He will continue to work with Jet Airways in an advisory capacity on key strategic initiatives," she added.
Mr Karnik, who took over from Hameed Ali after the latter joined the airline's board, was given the task to oversee commercial and sales functions of the airline.
Mr Karnik had earlier worked for several global airlines like North West, Continental and Delta Airlines and was also the CEO of Global Aero Logistics, one of the largest provider of private air charter service to US military and corporates.
Cramer Ball, a former chief executive from Air Seychelles in which Etihad has a stake, is now the CEO of Jet Airways after receiving security and regulatory nod.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 21:58 (IST)

Coal India Trade Unions Caution Against De-Nationalisation of MinesIndian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
New Delhi: Cautioning against any attempt to de-nationalise coal mines, the five operating trade unions of Coal India Ltd (CIL) have said they will meet shortly to decide the future course of action.
"The senior leaders of 5 CTUs will meet shortly to decide future course of action to combat the menace of gradual de-nationalisation of coal mines besides various other policy related decisions of Government of India," S Q Zama, secretary-general of Indian National Mine Workers' Federation, said in a letter to Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal.
"(these has been) resorted to arbitrarily without associating or ascertaining the views of one of the most important stake-holders i.e. the coal workers and the CTUs."
The e-auction of coal blocks for private companies has been approved through an Ordinance promulgated recently. This comes in the backdrop of Supreme Court order quashing 214 coal blocks to companies since 1993.
The letter further said that notwithstanding merit/de-merit of the ordinance, the coal workers and the 5 CTUs of Coal India are concerned with the enabling clause to allow commercial mining by private firms in future.
Although government says that CIL's interest will be fully maintained and protected, it is "absolutely untenable and unacceptable as it amounts to gradual and indirect de-nationalisation of coal mines", the letter said.
Coal India workers are represented by five unions including Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC), Hind Mazdoor Sabha (HMS) and All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC).
The Cabinet, chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, had earlier recommended to the President promulgation of Ordinance in order to resolve the pending issues particularly the situation arising out of the Supreme Court judgement quashing the allocation of the coal blocks.
Following this Ordinance, state sector requirements including those of the Central and state governments would be met through government dispensation route and coal mines would be allocated to PSUs like NTPC or state electricity boards.
Government will put sufficient coal blocks on e-auction for the private sector players who are into the cement, steel and power sectors.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had earlier said that that the e-auction process will be "transparent" and completed in "three to four months" with proceeds going entirely to the state governments where the mines are located.
The biggest beneficiaries would be the eastern states like Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal and Chhattisgarh. States like Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh would also benefit.
Story first published on: October 24, 2014 23:15 (IST)

Jenny McCarthy s Rental Sells for $1.8Mjenny mccarthy s rental sells for $1.8m
Gold Posts Weekly Loss on Dollar Rise  US DataYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Posts Weekly Loss on Dollar Rise, US Data
Reuters | Updated On: October 25, 2014 19:51 (IST)
Indian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
New York/London: Gold edged lower on Friday and closed down for the week as rallying equity markets and strong US economic data dented demand for the precious metal as an insurance against risk.
Sales of new US single-family homes rose to a six-year high in September, but a sharp downward revision to August's sales pace indicated the housing recovery remains tentative.
Bullion notched a 0.5 per cent weekly loss, after two consecutive weekly rises driven by renewed worries about global economic growth.
"A better run of US data has calmed nerves about the wider economy, and that has put pressure on gold in the past few days, as it had been enjoying a safe-haven bid," said Matthew Turner, an analyst at Macquarie.
Spot gold was down 0.1 per cent at $1,231.14 an ounce by 1848 GMT (12:18 a.m. in India).
US COMEX gold futures outperformed spot, settling up $2.70 at $1,231.80 an ounce, with lower-than-usual volume, according to preliminary Reuters data.
Gold's weekly loss was also triggered by a resurgent dollar.
The dollar was down 0.2 per cent against a basket of major currencies on Friday, but was set to post a near 1 per cent gain for the week after two weeks of declines.
In gold's official-sector news, a proposal to prohibit the Swiss National Bank from selling any of its gold reserves has the support of 44 per cent of the public, though that result falls short of the backing it needs to become law, a closely watched survey showed.
Holdings in SPDR Gold Trust, the world's top bullion exchange-traded fund, fell to their lowest level since late 2008 this week in a sign of lingering bearish sentiment in the bullion market.
The fund this week recorded its biggest daily percentage drop in holdings in a year, despite a price jump to a six-week high.
The Federal Reserve's policy meeting on Tuesday and Wednesday will be the next major focus for the market. The consensus view is for the US central bank to decide to wrap up asset purchases under its third round of quantitative easing. Investors will be looking for any clues on the possible timing of an interest rate increase.
Among other precious metals, silver edged up 0.1 per cent to $17.17 an ounce on Friday.
Platinum was down 0.3 per cent at $1,244.60 an ounce, while palladium eased 0.1 per cent to $776.40 an ounce, making it the week's best performer among precious metals with a 4 per cent jump.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

SAMAVAT 2071: MARKETS PANELDhoni is defenitly a genius in...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 12:15      Category: Rei Agro
   37 comments
Media Report is your technical...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 10:58      Category: SpiceJet
Advances & Declines

AAP  Congress  accuse Hindutva elements of stoking violenceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

http://usat.ly/1wyN9W2Middle-class adults have $20K saved for retirement
A third aren't contributing anything to a 401(k), IRA or other retirement savings plan.
Post to Facebook
Middle-class adults have $20K saved for retirement A third aren't contributing anything to a 401(k), IRA or other retirement savings plan. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wk8zFf
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
114
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Middle-class adults have $20K saved for retirement
Nanci Hellmich , USA TODAY 10:10 a.m. EDT October 22, 2014
A third aren't contributing anything to a 401(k), IRA or other retirement savings plan.
Middle-class people in the USA have about $20,000 saved for retirement, far short of the $250,000 they think they'll need during that time of their lives, a new survey shows.
(Photo: iStockphoto)
4183 CONNECT 338 TWEET 301 LINKEDIN 114 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Middle-class people in the USA have a median of $20,000 saved for retirement, far short of the $250,000 they think they'll need during that time of their lives, a new survey shows.
A third (34%) of working middle-class adults aren't contributing anything to a 401(k), IRA or other retirement savings plan, according to the survey of 1,001 adults, ages 25 to 75, with a median household income of $63,000. The survey was conducted by Harris Poll for Wells Fargo (WFC).
Those who are putting away money for retirement are currently saving a median of $125 every month, the survey shows. About 61% say they're not sacrificing a lot to save for retirement, but 38% are sacrificing to tuck away money for their golden years.
And 55% say they plan to save later for retirement in order to make up for not doing enough now.
"The main message here is people are putting off saving, and they are losing the benefit of long-term compounded earnings," says Joe Ready, director of institutional retirement for Wells Fargo. "Kicking the empty can down the road is going to be detrimental to their retirement security. It's really a problem."
Other survey findings:
• 31% of employed middle-class adults say they won't have enough money to survive in retirement.
• 70% have a 401(k) or equivalent plan available to them through their employer, and a majority of them (93%) are currently contributing to their plans. On average, those who have access to a 401(k) plan saved 10 times more than those who don't have a plan.
• 50% of middle-class adults in their 50s say they will work until they are at least 80 years old because they will not have enough saved for retirement.
Research shows that the No. 1 factor in saving for retirement is your contribution rate, Ready says. "You have to save your way to retirement. That's the hard work. Investments matter, but savings matter more."
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains how to avoid retirement myths. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)

Meet Dipika Pallikal and Joshna Chinappa  India s  New Racquet Girlsprint
About 11 kilometres separate the leafy, colonnaded Chennai colony of Anna Nagar from the posh, buzzy township of RA Puram. Negotiating the city’s mostly disciplined traffic, you are likely to take around 40 minutes to cover the distance between the two residential colonies. Between these two apparently disparate neighbourhoods live two of the most exciting squash talents in the country.
Joshna Chinappa 28
Based in: Chennai and Mumbai, where she trains with former India number one Ritwik Bhattacharya
Sports connection: The fifth generation in a family of squash players, her great granduncle was Field Marshal KM Cariappa. Her father Anjan Chinappa, who represented Tamil Nadu in squash, was her first coach.
World Ranking: 21 (as of October, 2014)
Claim to fame: A 12-times national champion, Joshna is a pioneer of women’s squash in India. She became the youngest Indian to win the British Open juniors at the age of 16 and has been a regular face at international competitions since.
Unwind mantra: Watching “trashy television” shows such as the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills and listening to exponents of progressive house music such as Dinka and Claes Rosen
Match point: Her dream date is footballer Cristiano Ronaldo, or any person who is fit, who plays sport and someone she can train and work out with
A few weeks ago, Joshna Chinappa (28), partnered with Dipika Pallikal (23) at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow to win India an unprecedented medal in squash.
The two were also part of India’s Asian Games campaign at Incheon, South Korea, this month, where the contingent won four medals in squash. The count could have been five, had the duo not clashed in the singles quarterfinals, where Dipika reversed past record to emerge one better than Joshna in a tense, almost acrimonious contest.
Before this hour of glory, lazy marketers and scribes tended to bracket Joshna and Dipika into the “good-looking athletes” category along with golfer Sharmila Nicollet, notwithstanding their exemplary track record and playing chops.
Sure, both the Chennai girls are glamorous, forthright and full of pizzazz. But their racquets speak louder than their looks in a sport with a distinct male bias.
In fact, protesting the discrimination against lower prize money for women in India, Dipika has been boycotting the national championships for the last few years. “We train as hard as the boys and play as much as them. We make the same sacrifices but don’t get our due. Once we get equal prize money, I’ll participate again,” says the number one squash player in the country, who broke into the top 10 of world rankings in December last year.
 
Ladies first
Their performance at Incheon, where Joshna and she won the doubles silver, is another manifestation of the lustre women-power is lending to India’s sporting fortunes. 
Dipika Pallikal, 23
Based in: Chennai and Melbourne, where she trains with former world champion Sarah Fitzgerald
Sports connection: She is the daughter of Susan Pallikal, who has represented India in cricket and her grandmother was a national level athlete
World Ranking: 12 (as of October, 2014,
Claim to fame: She became the first Indian squash player to break into the top 10 world rankings in 2013. Since then, she has helped India win a gold medal at the Commonwealth Games 2014. At the Asian Games, Dipika won a bronze medal at Incheon and combined with Joshna to win a silver medal in doubles.
Unwind mantra: Listening to Adele on her iPod, watching movies and television shows on her Apple Mac Air laptop. A film fanatic, she is a fan of Robert Downey Jr. and was blown over by Tabu and Shahid Kapur’s acting in Haider. She has watched all seasons of Suits and is now waiting for the next season.
Match point: She is preparing for “a fairy tale wedding” with cricketer Dinesh Karthik in mid-2015.
“Women are finally getting their due. In a country with one of the worst statistics in gender crime, it is a really positive development,” says Joshna. “You have several top women champions. And for a movie to be made on one of them is absolutely awesome. I watched Mary Kom and thought Priyanka looked magnificent and then I was with the real Mary Kom at the Asian Games and was touched by her humility. I love that she’s so grounded despite being a five-time world champion,” she adds. 
“Didn’t a recent news article say that most of the medals at Incheon came from women?” asks Dipika.
Although they both cut their teeth in Chennai and have a lot in common – such as the ability not to call a spade a shovel – the life stories of the two Chennai champions have their own share of challenges and joys, pains and pleasures.
 
Early lessons
Joshna got introduced to squash at the Madras Cricket Club where her father Anjan Chinappa, who runs a coffee plantation in Coorg, was a member.
Field Marshal KM Cariappa, the first commander-in-chief of the Indian Army in independent India is Joshna’s great-granduncle.
“I am the fifth generation of squash players in the family. My great granduncle, granduncle, granddad and father have all played the sport. But my father was the first not to join the military. He came to Chennai, fell in love with city life and settled here. I began going to the club with him at eight and since he had represented Tamil Nadu in squash, got my first tips from him. Papa was my coach for the first six years but he was putting too much pressure on me. He would accompany me to tournaments abroad when I was very young, but every time I looked out of the court, he was sweating more than I was. As a kid you look outside and want to see a supportive face, you don’t want somebody feeling as pressured as you are,” she jokes.
Like Joshna, Dipika didn’t have to look too far for sporting inspiration. Her mother Susan Pallikal has represented India in cricket and her grandmother was a national-level athlete.
“I am the youngest of three sisters and mom asked all of us to take up at least one sport seriously. Today I absolutely love squash but my entry into the sport was accidental. I used to play tennis earlier, but I took to squash since my best friend went for squash coaching,” says Dipika.
Once her parents realised Dipika’s hand-eye coordination was ideal for racquet sports, they reckoned she should train with the best in the world.
So, at the age of 13, Dipika was sent for coaching to Cairo’s Gezira Sports Club, since Egypt was the reigning global squash superpower.
Wasn’t it tough staying away from family and friends at the onset of teenage? “No, I wasn’t really fazed about missing my teenage years or parties back home because I was working towards becoming the top squash player in the world. I went to Egypt, England and now I am training at Melbourne. I’ve made a lot of friends and I tried to adapt wherever I am. That is what most professional athletes do when they start living alone. I am 23 but I am way more matured than any 23 year old girl.”
The rigours of living out of a suitcase after becoming a teenage sporting sensation are something Joshna, the first Indian to win a British Junior Open title, can relate to.
When she began playing in the juniors at the age of 10, she won pretty much everything on the Asian circuit. But the British Open, the mecca of squash, eluded her.
In 2003, Joshna was relieved she could finally win after four years of losing in the second round or quarterfinals.
“Sixteen is an interesting age. I was happy that I could win but I didn’t let that go to my head. All I wanted to do was go and buy candy with my teammates. I didn’t realise the magnitude of the win since at 16 there was still some innocence left in the world,” says the lithe athlete, lounging in her daintily decorated room, painted in pink near a dresser lined with junk jewellery and a trunkful of beaded bracelets.
Having candy and chocolate was a childhood fetish that Joshna continued with well into her teenage years. In fact, after losing the World Junior title at Belgium in 2005, she compensated by devouring a box of chocolates, or so goes the story.
Does she still indulge her sugar craving? “Not any longer. It used to be worse when I was younger. Now I train very hard and have to ensure I stay the way I am. So I make sure I eat healthy. I do have my chocolates on the weekend and I dig mint flavours such as After Eight and Lindt.”
 
The wild one
Although Joshna counts Andre Agassi as one of her favourite athletes, she doesn’t quite relate to what the champion wrote in Open, his autobiography, about how he “hated” tennis as a child.
“I absolutely loved it all. I got to travel around the world, when my friends were taking their exams. I didn’t have to attend school every day and I could come to school late after training. So, not everybody had my life. I have some great memories of the times I was a junior.”
Looking back, the 12-time national champion says she has mellowed with age and left behind her wild rebellious years where she got her ears and belly pierced and her back tattooed. “Oh come on, don’t even ask me why I got it done. I was 16 and got my back inked with a smoking devil tattoo in Mumbai without telling my mother and later got blasted by my parents!”
The years spent on the circuit have also given her perspective. “When I was younger and more adventurous, I probably didn’t have my priorities right all the time. As you grow older, you realise this is your time to work really hard and achieve your goals. Sport has a shelf-life right? I can always party later.”
Chennai Connection
The top two women’s squash players – Dipika Pallikal and Joshna Chinnappa – as well as men’s number one and Asian Games silver medallist Saurav Ghosal all play in Chennai. Why is the city such a hub of squash champions? To begin with it has great sporting infrastructure at the school level: both Joshna and Saurav went to the same school (Lady Andal). “Also, since the federation is based here, all the players that are from here benefit. You have the academy and coaches,” points out Joshna.
Joshna says one her most treasured sporting memories came in 2000, when, at the age of 14, she became the youngest person to win the women’s nationals. 
By holding both the senior and junior titles at such a young age she even eclipsed the achievements of Indian sporting greats such as Vijay Amritraj, Ramesh Krishnan and Prakash Padukone. “I wanted to win the women’s nationals really badly at that age, so I was really, really happy.”
But for Dipika nothing comes close to going for gold at Glasgow and getting it.
“Scotland was special. It is the biggest win of my career. Because we don’t have squash at the Olympics, the Commonwealth Games and Asian Games are our biggest platforms to perform, especially since squash is such an underrated sport in India. Those are the only times it is televised back home,” she points out.
Reminiscing about the Games, where they beat Jenny Duncalf and Laura Massaro of England 11-6, 11-8 in the doubles squash final, Dipika says the atmosphere at Glasgow’s Scotstoun Sports Campus Squash Arena was charged up. 
“We took it one match at one time, and our semi-final was a tough game. At one point, I was telling Dipika I don’t think I could do it. She told me that I should calm down and just play and that’s what I did and we won. Compared to that, the final was easier. The crowds were fantastic and the support from back home was incredible. It has never happened before,” says Joshna.
“Squash it is at an exciting new high. With the Commonwealth and Asian Games, we’ve proved we can beat the best in the world. Medals like this boost a sport up. It is a great time to be an Indian squash player,” adds Dipika.
 
Date, play, love
Clearly, these are eventful times for Dipika off the court, too. After a whirlwind romance, she got engaged with Indian cricketer Dinesh Karthik on November 15 last year, with the wedding planned for mid-2015.
When the top squash player in the country dates a cricketer known for his lightning reflexes and explosive batting, it appears to be a match made in ESPN heaven.
How did the two of them meet?  “There isn’t really a story to how we met. We had known each other for six years but we were in touch on and off. Obviously, Dinesh was married before [to his former wife Nikita]. But one and half years back, we met again in the gym,” recalls Dipika.
“We exchanged numbers and promised to keep in touch. I had to leave for England three days after that and Dinesh surprised me in England. After that everything happened really quickly. We started dating in February and got engaged in November. Once we got to know each other, we knew this was it,” she says with a smile.
What does she like about Dinesh apart from being one of the fittest Indian cricketers?
“I like to think I am fitter than him (giggles). Dinesh got into the cricket team when he was 19. So, he has seen it all. For me what helped me make the decision was this trait: he is a very humble person. He takes care of me real well,” she blushes.
Fitness appears to be a trait that finds favour with Joshna too, in the dating stakes. In the past she has said she has a soft corner for international athletes and Cristiano Ronaldo is her dream date.
“I like fit people. It can be any person who is fit, plays sport and someone I can train and work out with.”
On a lighter note, Joshna says her laptop is like her boyfriend. “When I travel, I don’t want to do anything else apart from sitting in my room and watching movies and shows that I stream onto my laptop. I love the way trashy television makes me feel good. I am watching more than 12 shows right now. On a regular basis I watch Revenge, The Following and The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills. I’ve watched all four seasons of the show.”
Since she travels so much, which is her favourite playing destination? “The United States: I love playing in America. In New York, we have a tournament played on a glass court which has been set up bang in the middle of the Grand Central station. I just love that venue,” announces Joshna.
Meet the divas
Dipika and Joshna have frequently figured in the most glamorous Indian athletes list of fashion glossies. And they take their style quotient seriously.
One of the perks of traipsing the world for tournaments is visiting global fashion capitals and exposure to the coolest new trends in street fashion. “I am not obsessed with designer labels,” says Joshna. “But when it comes with to high street brands, I like Top Shop and Diesel,” she adds.
Dipika is a little more of a fashion diva, in the broader sense of the word. And she carries her love of dressing up onto the court. “I love fashion, so I shop wherever I travel. For apparel, I like choosing from H&M, Zara and Forever 21. Closer home, I like Arpita Mehta’s couture and a bit of Gauri and Nainika.”
Now, walking the ramp at the Lakme Fashion Week Mumbai (the way Dipika did) is one thing and being offered lead roles opposite bona fide movie stars quite another.
Is it true that Dipika has turned down offers opposite ‘mega’ movie stars from Kollywood (as the Tamil film industry, a hybrid of Kodambakkam and Hollywood, is called)?
“Yes, there was one offer opposite Madhavan and another for a Malayalam movie opposite Mohanlal. But I was too young to take a decision and my father said no,” she says.
“Given an opportunity I might work in a Bollywood film, since my Tamil isn’t very good. I would love to work with any of the younger crop of actors such as Arjun Kapoor.”
They might hold forth on movies and fashion, but put them onto a court and the awesome Chennai twosome turn into world-beaters in the gruelling sport that is squash without even breaking into a sweat.
Dipika is looking forward to the day when she will triumph over world No 1 Nicol David of Malaysia and Joshna says beating former number one Rachael Grinham at the Richmond Open was no big deal. “
This whole thing of being Indian and not being able to go out there and beat the best in the world is long gone,” says Joshna.
“Breaking into the top 10 was just one of the goals that my team and I had set for ourselves. But if you have your goal set to be World Number 1, it is just one step towards achieving it. Breaking into the top 10 when you are 20 years old is great. But now, my goal is to be world number one!” declares Dipika.
Long after the racket over the Glasgow and Incheon victories has died down, the spark of interest for squash that the duo has generated amongst youngsters in the country will continue to ignite a thousand sporting dreams.
Deep down, Indian squash’s leading ladies know its chin-up time for the sport. Deepika Pallikal and Joshna Chinappa, take a bow.
From HT Brunch, October 26
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

Tata Motors raises $750 mn in forex bond saleTata Motors raises $750 million in foeex bond sale; gets better pricing
PTI Oct 27, 2014, 01.37AM IST
(It had sold $300 million…)
MUMBAI: The country's largest auto maker Tata Motors has raised $750 million from Asian and European investors by selling a dual tranche bond issue which got an over subscription of six times at $4.5 billion.
The company has priced the 5.5-year benchmark senior unsecured notes of $500 million at 4.625 per cent, while the coupon for the 10-year $250 million notes is fixed at 5.750 per cent per annum.
It had sold $300 million worth bonds in April at a coupon of 5.53 per cent for a five-year money, indicating better operating environment for the company.
The proceeds from the issue will be used to refinance external commercial borrowings, capital expenditure and for general corporate purposes, the company said in a statement.
"We are pleased to have completed this transaction successfully and we thank the investors for demonstrating their confidence in us," said Vijay Somaiya, vice-president for finance and head of treasury & investor relations at Tata Motors.
Global rating agency Standard & Poors has assigned BB long-term issue rating to the issue while highlighting Tata Motors' increased dependence on JLR, while rival Moody's has assigned Ba2 to the notes with a stable outlook.
"The ratings on Tata Motors reflect the company's small size and narrow product suite compared with many global peers', and its likely negative free operating cash flows because of high capital expenditure. JLR's established and improving market position in the global premium automotive segment and its strong operating performance temper these weaknesses," S&P said.
S&P further said it believes that the good operating performance of JLR, if sustained, can improve its consolidated financial strength.
Moody's also based the ratings to the continuing good show by its British arm JLR which has contributed over 90 per cent of group operating profit in FY14. "The phenomenal success of JLR continues to buy time for Tata Motors' weak domestic operations to turn around, and these are now showing some improvement."
The stable outlook on the bond reflects JLR's relative strength which continues to allow time for the core domestic business of the company to recover and, despite the negative free cash flow overall, continues to support group credit metrics at an appropriate level for the Ba2 rating, Moody's said.
However, Moody's added that the current fiscal is critical as JLR's sales slows and execution risk rises both in terms of increased product development expenditure and the starting up of overseas manufacturing operations.
Tata Motors is likely to list the benchmark issue on the Singapore exchange, according to merchant banking sources who worked on the issue. They added that Asian investors dominated the 5.5-year issue cornering 61 per cent, while the 10-year issue was lapped up by European and West Asian investors cornered 78 per cent.
Mutual funds have reportedly bought close to 70 per cent of the 5.5 year bond and also bought 50 per cent of the 10-year bonds; insurers bought 40 per cent of the 10-year bonds, said sources at i-bankers which included ANZ Bank, Citigroup, Credit Suisse and StanChart.
Tata Motors had a consolidated revenue of Rs 2,32,834 crore or $38.9 billion in 2013-14. Through subsidiaries and associate companies, it operates in Britain, South Korea, Thailand, South Africa and Indonesia.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MHA reverses Aadhaar stand  lends full supportMHA reverses Aadhaar stand, lends full support
PTI  New Delhi, October 26, 2014
First Published: 13:49 IST(26/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:52 IST(26/10/2014)
In a complete U-turn from its earlier stand, the home ministry has come out in full support of the Aadhaar scheme saying it will facilitate "anytime, anywhere, anyhow" authentication to its beneficiaries.
 
In a letter to all state governments, the home ministry said that since one Aadhaar number is allotted only to one person, it allows universal verification of one's identity.
Aadhaar card also enables the deprived and needy people to access services like banking facilities.
 
"Since Aadhaar is based on the demographic and biometric information of an individual, it eliminates the threat of any fraud and bogus activity.
 
"Aadhaar will provide its possessor with universal identification. (It) will facilitate 'anytime, anywhere, anyhow' authentication to its beneficiaries (and) be a single source of identity verification," it said.
 
The ministry's stand on Aadhaar is in complete reversal of the position taken by it under two predecessors of Rajnath Singh -- Sushilkumar Shinde and P Chidambaram.
 
During the previous UPA regime, the home ministry had raised concerns over the sanctity of the the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI)'s database, saying uniqueness of identity was not a necessary condition for ensuring authenticity of identity or genuineness of other entries or records of Aadhaar numbers.
 
The ministry had raised concerns over supporting documents submitted by people as proof of identity and proof of address for getting an Aadhaar number.
In its latest letter to the state governments, the home ministry said that the benefits of Aadhaar are many and it can be used at multiple places to prove one's identity very easily.
 
A person's Aadhaar number can be used while opening a bank account as it meets the 'Know Your Customer' (KYC) norms of RBI. The card can also be used for booking tickets online, applying for passport and at many other places where there is a need to provide some proof of identity.
 
"Aadhaar will give migrants universal mobility of identity. The government can now provide services and facilities to people, especially in the rural areas, in a more effective manner.
 
"As more and more government services are going to be linked to Aadhaar, it would be of utility to have an Aadhaar card. Aadhaar will hence help the poor to take the benefits or the facilities provided to them by the government which could not be accessed by (them) earlier. Aadhaar will thus become the simplest way of proving one's identity," the ministry said.
 
Aadhaar and the National Population Register (NPR) are national identity programmes of the government of India. The former is being implemented by UIDAI and the latter by the Registrar General of India under the home ministry.
 
"Both collect biometric data covering 10 finger prints, iris scan of both eyes and a photograph. The identity and address of the resident are also identified during the enrolment process.
 
"Aadhaar provides a unique identity number to every resident in the country. The NPR database is sent to the UIDAI for Aadhaar de-duplication and generating Unique Identity (UID) numbers," the home ministry said.
The home ministry's letter also said that since a correctional home has a number of inmates who might have missed the enrolment process, it would be of immense utility to offer this service to them as a welfare measure when they are released.
 
Tihar jail in New Delhi has also started an enrolment process and received a good response. The enrolment process is entirely voluntary and there is no compulsion involved as in 'The Identification of Prisoners Act, 1920'.
 
Moreover, the data collected by UIDAI is not meant for use by the correctional home and is only for the provision of an Aadhaar card to enable the re-integration of the UTP or convict upon release.
 
Necessary documentation to aid the enrolment process may be facilitated by correctional home authorities.
 
"It is hence suggested that the local UIDAI authorities should be approached for initiating the enrolment drive in all correctional homes and the prisoners should be briefed adequately as to the benefits of obtaining an Aadhaar card before the start of the drive to remove any misgivings about the process," the home ministry said.
 
UIDAI was established in 2009 with a mandate to generate and assign UID numbers to residents of India. Under the UID scheme, enrolment is done by registrars through enrolment agencies, and the government provides outcome-based financial assistance to them.
 
More than 67.38 crore Aadhaar numbers have been generated so far by the UIDAI since August 2010, when the first such card was generated. The total expenditure incurred by UIDAI since its inception is Rs. 4,906 crore (as on August 31, 2014).

Xiaomi to talk to Indian authorities after IAF red-flags Redmi 1s phonesXiaomi to talk to Indian authorities after IAF red-flags Redmi 1s phones
Ukraine votes in parliamentary pollsUkraine votes in parliamentary polls
Congress  AAP say BJP shying away from Delhi by polls  Politicos reactCongress  AAP say BJP shying away from Delhi by polls  Politicos react
Want to come to Delhi and be a part of Centre: Ramdas AthawaleHi Guest
Want to come to Delhi and be a part of Centre: Ramdas Athawale
+      New Delhi, Oct 26 (ANI): RPI (A) Chief Ramdas Athawale said on Sunday that he wanted to come to Delhi and become a part of the Central government. He said that he has been demanding to become a part of Centre since long and also he had made ...

Swiss gold exports to India cross CHF 11-bn; banks turnwaryPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi/berne | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:53 pm
As banks in Switzerland come under greater black money scrutiny, the quantum of gold having left Swiss shores for India so far this year has reached a record high level of over 11 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 70,000 crore).
The gold exports from Switzerland to India stood at over 2.2 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 15,000 crore) in September alone, which is double the figure for the previous month, shows latest data released by Swiss Customs Administration.
As a result, the total Swiss gold exports to India since January this year has grown to 11.4 billion Swiss francs, shows the data compiled by the Swiss government’s cross-border trade monitoring agency.
While industry watchers attribute the surge during September partly to increased demand for the yellow metal ahead of Diwali and other festivals in India, the sudden spike is also being seen suspiciously in the backdrop of gold being used for ‘layering’ purposes to move funds from Swiss banks amid growing scrutiny for suspected black money.
According to banking industry sources, banks operating in Switzerland, including those headquartered in the Alpine nation and the Swiss units of other European banks, have turned wary about dealing with their Indian clients in the wake of a growing scrutiny of such accounts.
A number of Swiss banks, including three with significant global presence, have begun telling their Indian clients to sign undertakings that are aimed at ‘derisking’ the banking institutions from potential risks arising out of regulatory actions against the bank customers by foreign governments.
Some banks are also telling their clients to close their accounts if they are not ready to take such risks, or if they have apprehensions about such accounts not being compliant to regulatory requirements in their home countries.
Through these ‘derisking’ undertakings, the customer agrees to take responsibility for any possible regulatory or administrative compliance with international norms.
At the same time, the bankers are also lobbying with the Swiss government to ensure that any information would be shared with their Indian counterpart about accounts held in Swiss banks only after necessary provisions are made to safeguard the interest of the concerned banking institution.
Following a high-level delegation visit from India, Switzerland recently agreed to cooperate on matters related to verification of genuineness of accounts and reply to requests for banking account details in a time-bound manner, and also to initiate a process to include India among the countries eligible for ‘automatic exchange of information’.
While banks try to put in place necessary safeguards, there are apprehensions that many of their clients are being advised to move the funds through gold and other routes.
As per Swiss government data, the total exports of gold, silver and coins from Switzerland stood at 347 tonnes (worth 6.62 billion Swiss francs) in September. This included gold exports totalling 172.5 tonnes or 6.48 billion Swiss francs.
In comparison, Switzerland’s total gold exports stood at just about three billion Swiss francs (80.6 tonnes) in August, while the overall figure for gold, silver and coins stood at 3.16 billion francs (237 tonnes) in that month.

Express LOL: After Queen Elizabeth  whos the unlikeliest celebrity to useTwitterPrint
By: Express LOL | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:50 pm
This week, we saw a nearly 90 year old monarch use Twitter, in the most surprising new user event since @superstarrajini. And, though Elizabeth was greeted more with polite conversation than outright surprise, we are 100% sure that everyone in the world was surprised.
So, who are some more unlikely celebs who will cause a huge furore when they do use or join Twitter? Here are the top six:

Private firms sales growth moderated in FY13:ReportPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:48 pm
Sales of private companies in the non-financial segment moderated in 2012-13, registering 17.6 per cent growth to Rs 2.01 lakh crore, as demand fell specifically from the services sector.
In 2011-12, these companies had sales growth of 24.1 per cent at Rs 1.71 lakh crore, as per the RBI data. The data was based on 1,628 private sector companies.
“Sales … moderated in 2012-13 due to lower increase, especially in the services sector. Both, operating expenses and value of production registered a significant decline in 2012-13,” RBI said.
Also higher increase in operating expenses than in value of production led to a lower growth in EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation).
EBITDA increase of most of the industries in manufacturing sector was higher in FY13 vis-à-vis the previous year except for machinery and machine tools and food product and beverages industries. In the services sector, it remained low except for computer and related activities industries, RBI said.
However, net profits of companies were higher in FY13 than a year ago at Rs 5,562.8 crore, up 10.2 per cent.
In the previous fiscal FY12, the net profit of these companies were down by 15.8 per cent to Rs 5,050 crore.
 

Market outlook: Second quarter earnings to drive stock markets thisweekBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:45 pm
A slew of earnings announcements from blue-chips, including Maruti Suzuki and ICICI Bank, will set the tone for stock markets this week, say experts.
Besides, trend in global markets, investment by overseas investors, movement of rupee against the dollar and crude oil price would also influence the trend on bourses.
“We believe positivity would extend further in the days to come; however, traders should be cautious in stock selection due to prevailing earning season,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Major earnings this week include those from Hindustan Unilever, Lupin, Dr Reddy’s Laboratories, Sesa Sterlite, Tech Mahindra, ACC, Ambuja Cements, Bharti Airtel, ICICI Bank, Maruti Suzuki India and Suzlon Energy.
On the global front, the Federal Open Markets Committee (FOMC) will undertake a monetary policy review at a two-day meeting on Tuesday and Wednesday.
The benchmark S&P BSE 30-share Sensex concluded the week at 26,851.05, showing a surge of 742.52 points.
 

APAI questions non-existent low fares offered byairlinesBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:40 pm
Apex air travellers body, Air Passengers Association of India (APAI) today questioned the frequent “special fare” offers by domestic carriers like SpiceJet, Jet Airways, Indigo, Air India and others and termed them as “non-existent”, even as it urged the DGCA not to allow such schemes.
The association, in a communication to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, also sought to know as to what action the regulator intends to take against the carriers on the issue.
“We strongly believe that the DGCA must put an end to this practice of offering ridiculously low fares which are non-existent and are not really available to the passenger,” APAI President D Sidhakara Reddy said in his communication to DGCA Prabhat Kumar.
Stating that the Association was forced to draw the regulator’s attention towards the issue following several complaints received from the passengers, Reddy said, “most of the times, the schemes are similar and fares announced are also similar. How can this happen unless a cartel is working to fool the travelling public ?”
It may be mentioned here that the domestic carriers, led by cash-strapped budget airline SpiceJet have been rolling our one-after another limited period “special sale” offers since January this year to woo passengers.
“We have received several complaints that first the passengers do not get access to the airline’s portal and if they are able to do so and look for the advertised (special) fare for a particular sector, it shows sold out, whereas most of the other types of fares are only available for bookings,” Reddy alleged.
Pointing out that it become a routine practice by all the airlines to announce such schemes almost once in 10-15 days, APAI said, “the Airlines seem to be doing this with certain objectives in mind as it gives them tremendous publicity at no cost.”
The Association has also sought to know from the regulator whether the carriers do inform of the percentage of seats they offer under the special fare as they are supposed to file their fares with DGCA, indicating the quantum allocated under each type of fare offered by them under the bucket pricing method.
“If they are not then what action do you propose (to take) for not following the procedure?,” Reddy questioned in his communication.
APAI will explore the Right To Information (RTI) route if the DGCA did not respond to its communication, Reddy added in his communication.
 

Ships idle off Los Angeles amid port problems... 
October 25, 2014 08:54 PM EST | Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The twin ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach are facing their biggest crisis in a decade as container ships idle offshore because cargo can't be moved off the docks fast enough.
The bottleneck blamed on a surge of imports, shortage of truck trailers, and bigger ships hauling more cargo has created a seven- to 10-day delay for retailers anxious to stock shelves for the holiday season.
"This is really a perfect storm," Port of Los Angeles Executive Director Gene Seroka told the Los Angeles Times (http://lat.ms/1FNkssF ) in a story Saturday.
Retailers are rerouting goods to other ports, and some shoe and clothing companies have begun transporting products by air, said Nate Herman, vice president of international trade at the American Apparel & Footwear Assn.
"The delays are increasing, they are not getting better," he said.
The problem is blamed on a variety of factors:
— Imports increased more than 10 percent last month at both ports compared to a year ago.
— A shortage of truck trailers or truck drivers has left cargo stuck on the docks.
— Terminals built when ships were a third the size of today's cargo behemoths can't unload the ships fast enough.
Other ports are experiencing some of the same problems, but the situation is worse in Southern California at the nation's busiest port complex, which handles 40 percent of U.S. imports. There were seven ships anchored offshore on Friday.
Port officials said the current delays are the worst since 2004 when a new system was created to get truckers to haul loads at night.
The current crunch is expected to ease at the end of the month as peak shipping season tapers off.
___
Information from: Los Angeles Times, http://www.latimes.com

Gold nugget found in California finds secret buyer...and
versions
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — One of the largest gold nuggets in modern times pulled from Northern California's Gold Country has sold to a secret buyer.
The new owner of the so-called Butte Nugget and its exact price will both remain mysteries at the buyer's request, the San Francisco Chronicle reported Saturday (http://bit.ly/1snahAB ).
But Don Kagin, the Tiburon-based coin dealer who brokered the deal, said that a "prominent Bay Area collector" paid about $400,000 for the nugget weighing 6.07 pounds (2.8 kilograms). That wasn't far off from the asking price, he said.
"Let's just say it's a win-win for everybody, Kagin said, adding that the nugget went up for sale Thursday with the deal finalized on Friday.
Historically, prospectors found giant gold nuggets in California during the 19th century Gold Rush days, including a 54-pound chunk found in Butte County in 1859. It has been decades since a report of anyone discovering a rock of 6 pounds or more in California.
The gold hunter who found the nugget found it in July in the mountains of Butte County. He also asked Kagin to keep his name and the location of the discovery a secret.
Reports of the nugget's pending sale caused a near frenzy among gold and history buffs, with the newspaper reporting one bidder inquiring from Australia.
"We spoke with six different people who seemed to have a legitimate interest," said David McCarthy, Kagin's chief numismatist. "But he was the first person to make an offer and he had the right prices."

Maui voters to decide whether to ban GMO crops...and
versions
HONOLULU (AP) — Dozens of Maui mothers are going door-to-door to urge voters to back a ban on the cultivation of genetically engineered crops because they think they are unsafe.
A group backed by companies growing the crops counters with ads playing heavily on the airwaves that urge rejection of what they are calling the "farming ban."
The dueling campaigns over a Nov. 4 ballot measure that would prohibit the growing of genetically modified organisms until studies show they're safe isn't just a local issue in a county of only 160,000 residents in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.
Experts say the ban's effects could ripple across the nation because some of the world's largest corn-seed producers research and develop new varieties of genetically engineered seeds at their farms in the county.
Kendall Lamkey, chairman of the agronomy department at Iowa State University, said the initiative, if passed, could potentially make seed development more expensive for Monsanto Co. and a Dow Chemical Co. subsidiary, Dow AgroSciences.
"It's not going to stop it but it will slow it down," Lamkey said. The companies will "adapt. I mean, there will probably be workarounds for this that may or may not cost more money and may or may not raise the cost of goods to our farmers."
About 90 percent of all corn grown in the U.S. is genetically engineered and has been developed partially at farms in Hawaii.
There has been little scientific evidence showing foods grown from GMO seeds are less safe than their conventional counterparts. But fears persist in Hawaii and elsewhere.
In the islands, those concerns are compounded by worries about the companies' use of pesticides.
What's at stake is whether corporations can "come in here and run our island as a chemical experiment where they ship out the profits and we have to deal with the pollutants?" said Mark Sheehan, a leader of the anti-GMO group behind the ban.
Monsanto has a farm each on Maui and Molokai islands. Dow AgroSciences has one on Molokai through its unit, Mycogen Seeds.
Passions are strong on both sides. Activists squabbled and taunted each other this month at the Maui Fair, normally a sleepy event featuring carnival rides and livestock exhibitions. Fair organizers told The Maui News activists tagged fair banners and signs with bumper stickers.
Sheehan said his group, the Sustainable Hawaiian Agriculture for the Keiki and the Aina Movement or SHAKA Movement, has been holding community meetings. About 30 mothers have also been going to people's homes in the beach resort town of Kihei, Sheehan said.
"I think about 600 doors a day, they're knocking on. These are not paid employees," he said.
Monsanto referred questions on the issue to Citizens Against the Maui County Initiative, which was formed to campaign against the measure. Dow AgroSciences didn't immediately return a call seeking comment.
But Tom Blackburn-Rodriguez, a spokesman for the Citizens Against the Maui County Initiative, said he was handling queries for both companies. He said neither wanted to be interviewed until after the election when "the situation will be clearer and there will be more time to address any questions."
One of the group's TV spots features a senior citizens' club president warning of hundreds of job losses. Another shows a former county councilwoman discussing the financial burden the county would shoulder to enforce any moratorium.
It's not clear which side will come out ahead on Election Day, but the initiative could trip up Monsanto and Dow AgroScience's global research pipelines if it passes and isn't blocked by a legal challenge.
The companies, like several other multinational giants that develop seed corn, conduct part of their research in Hawaii because the year-round warm weather in the islands allows them to grow three to four crops per year instead of one.
This allows them to move their research forward by two to four generations a year instead of the one generation they would get in most places on the U.S. mainland. Working in the U.S., instead of a warm place in another country, meanwhile, allows them to develop seeds under strong U.S. patent law protections.
Both companies have operations in other Hawaii counties, which should enable them to maintain some development in the islands. But the cultivation of genetically engineered crops is under siege in other counties as well.
Kauai County earlier this year passed a law regulating GMO crops and pesticide use. A judge blocked its implementation saying federal law pre-empts local law on the issue. The case is currently before a federal appeals court.
The Big Island this year adopted a GMO crop ban with some exceptions. This law is also being challenged in court.
Sheehan said the issue won't go away even of the voters reject the initiative.
"Just by pointing it out, we have raised an issue that has been buried here for a long time," he said.

Dubbed versions of  Happy New Year  doing well too!Dubbed versions of  Happy New Year  doing well too!
Who s Who of Modi govt  BJP attend swearing in of KhattarWho s Who of Modi govt  BJP attend swearing in of Khattar
Assocham says against Narendra Modi govt disclosing names of black money holdersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fifty years of heli-skiing: the delights and dangers of this most addictive sportFirst tracks: round-up of the season’s developments
“In addition to the somewhat frivolous thrill of dancing down the hill, [the ski tourer] also seeks the aesthetic values inherent in the mountain country to which the ordinary skier is completely oblivious,” he enthused. “Ski touring takes us on to those mountains and slopes which we always look at from the top of our lifts and wish we were over there instead of here. It gives us the means to manifest our, however hidden and subconscious, desires to explore the distant, the new, the unknown, to be adventurers, to be able to throw back the shackles of our physical limitations and to go wherever our fancy urges us to go . . . ”
It was stirring stuff but there was more to come. For Gmoser was developing a new type of ski touring, in which the hard slog uphill would be removed by technology. “For uphill transportation for ski touring we need something with far more versatility and mobility than the most convenient types of ski lifts,” he told the instructors. “The machine to fit the bill is a helicopter.”
Finally, after six hours on the road, we emerge from the forests to see light streaming from the windows of a large building that’s strangely reminiscent of both an alpine chalet and an airport terminal. Inside, people are sitting at a long bar, playing cards by the fireplace and table-tennis in an adjacent games room. Having not even passed another car in the previous two hours, the sudden warmth, light and human contact are disorientating.
Hans Gmoser and his adventure-hungry acolytes were driven by the desire to escape into the wilderness
This is Monashee Lodge, the world’s largest heliski lodge and the newest in the portfolio of Canadian Mountain Holidays (CMH), the company Gmoser founded. The lodge offers every comfort: there is a hot tub on the roof, a team of masseuses, a large wine cellar, a climbing wall, ski shop, business centre, library and 69 bedrooms. Guests are looked after by seven guides and 26 staff. It is a huge, five-star example of how far heli-skiing has come.
Today the sport Gmoser pioneered in 1965 has spread around the world: heli-ski operations have sprung up in far-flung mountain ranges from Alaska to India, in Chile, Turkey, Georgia, Sweden, Iceland and many other countries. CMH, though, remains by far the biggest operator, employing at least 120 mountain guides at its 11 bases in British Columbia.
Gmoser had begun experimenting with helicopters to access the mountains in the early 1960s but the first commercial “helicopter ski touring” trips (the word “heli-ski” had yet to catch on) took place over two weeks in April 1965. If our journey felt long, it was nothing to that of those first heliskiers, who reached the last section of road to their camp at 5pm but took nine more hours to cover the final 28 miles (“numerous times we were stuck in the mud, got rained upon and pushed the vehicles,” Gmoser later wrote). Accommodation was basic: the guests (six the first week, 12 the next, each paying $275) stayed in the plywood cabins of a disused sawmill camp, sleeping on iron beds in their sleeping bags. The guides, cook, pilot and mechanic slept on the floor of the kitchen building.
Heli-ski creator Hans Gmoser
In the morning, the helicopter would begin to ferry the skiers up the mountain, a lengthy task given that this was a slow, piston-engined Bell 47, which could only carry the pilot and two passengers. Women were taken last, to minimise their time waiting in the wind on the freezing mountainside. Each day they would make just one or two runs, often having to bushwhack back through the forest to camp, where they would gather in the kitchen to sing, play the instruments they had brought, drink and stay warm until going to bed at 10pm.
Halfway through the second week, the helicopter crashed. It was coming in to land when the landing gear sank into deep snow, causing a rotor to strike the ground. The three people on board managed to jump out before it burst into flames; all were shaken but unharmed, and the pilot was quickly dispatched to find a replacement machine to finish the week. But the risks and hardships of that first fortnight were matched by the thrill of discovery – of unskied slopes and a new way of reaching them. The first heliskiers went home, told their friends about their adventure, and Gmoser’s company never looked back.
. . .
Half a century later, we crouch down beside the lake in front of the lodge and wait for our lift. It is -20C, cold enough to make steam rise from the water; a family of bald eagles swoops in and out of trees by the shore. Then, a low rhythmic thud carried on the wind, oddly familiar from countless Vietnam war movies; it grows louder as the helicopter approaches.
The flimsy three-seaters used in the early days have long gone; this is a twin jet engine Bell 212, which will easily swallow our group of 10, as well as the guide and pilot. There’s a surge of adrenalin as it eases down from the sky, rotors furiously beating the air, skids just feet from our huddled group, its belly close enough that I can see every rivet. The guide slides back the door and we clamber in, rushing and struggling to strap safety belts over our bulky clothes. Then the helicopter gently lifts and turns, crossing the misty lake and climbing the steep, forested slope on the far side.
Coming in as an outsider, CMH feels like a tight-knit club, if not quite a cult. The other skiers in my group – indeed 90 per cent of those in the lodge – are indistinguishable thanks to their brightly coloured Gore-Tex skiwear, all of it branded with the CMH logo. Most of them have been coming for years, if not decades, often moving between different CMH lodges before settling on a favourite.
Skiers waiting for a Bell 212 to pick them up
In part their loyalty is due to a gimmick introduced in the early 1970s. Each night, the vertical distance each client has skied that day is posted on a board in the lodge, along with their cumulated lifetime total. Perhaps it’s something to do with the alpha-personality types who go in for this kind of holiday, and who can afford it, but in the CMH club, people really seem to take pride in this (utterly meaningless) figure, a badge of how much virgin snow they have defiled. Those who hit a million vertical feet are awarded a special CMH ski suit, presented after dinner in the lodge. My total after four days was just over 80,000ft; the frontrunner in the lodge that week had notched up a lifetime total over 26 million (he is so in thrall to the experience that he keeps a room at the lodge for the entire season).
It would be easy to mock – to bemoan how the original motivation of exploration and escape has been replaced by one of consumption and competition – were the whole thing not done in such warm North American spirit. The special suits are awarded in a sort of gang show (think shaving foam and dressing-up) designed to humiliate as much as honour the recipient. Dinner is eaten around large communal tables – a concept that ordinarily strikes terror into my English heart but which is a delight here thanks to the friendliness of the mostly US guests and the club-like atmosphere that prevails. After dinner and at the bar, people stand up to tell jokes and shaggy-dog stories that have been passed down between generations of guides and guests. Some of the punchlines might have been lost along the way but it’s hard not to be charmed. By the second night, everyone seemed to know my name.
. . .
This winter there will be numerous events to mark the 50th anniversary of the sport Gmoser created, including several “nostalgia weeks”, but the connection with the past seems to run strong through the whole operation. Despite the delights of the new lodge, many of those I talk to like to remember the early days before its construction, when they stayed in a basic hostel used by workers building a nearby hydroelectric dam. They recall leaking roofs and lumberjacks swinging punches – even the day the hostel caught fire is a topic for nostalgia, as is another helicopter crash. “The machine was on its side and filling up with fuel – I thought I was a dead . . . ” one man tells me with a grin. Didn’t that put him off? “Well it was the final week of the season anyway but I was back the next year.”
Monashee Lodge
Perhaps this is the key: despite the luxury and the special suits, this remains a genuine adventure. In all, 42 people have died skiing with CMH, the most recent being last winter. Given the size of the operation, it’s not a surprising figure – it represents approximately one death per 31,000 skier days – but the presence of risk, no matter how small the chance of being involved, changes the atmosphere, making everything more vivid. Safety briefings are taken seriously, guides are respected, guests build stronger bonds, après-ski is more celebratory.
And whether it’s a club or a cult, it’s one with a total commitment to a single central tenet, one that remains the same now as it was in 1965. Our helicopter lands at the top of a run called Nagel East, touching down in a clearing surrounded by blackened tree trunks, the survivors of a past forest fire. We jump out, huddle together once more as our guide unloads the skis, then watch as the helicopter peels away off the mountainside to get the next group, its frantic noise replaced by a crescendo of silence.
I plunge downwards . . . The feeling is somewhere between falling and flying, a delicious mania found at the outer limit of control
The guide leads and we follow in line, traversing at first, poling hard to get moving in the deep snow, passing through a glade of skeletal trees, before regrouping where the mountainside starts to fall away. The guide gives a list of safety instructions, then one by one we push off.
The skis accelerate rapidly and then, like a speedboat starting to plane, rise up and come alive, floating through the thigh-deep snow. Powder like this can be more than 90 per cent air – less dense than the froth of a cappuccino – and it is the only thing supporting me against gravity’s pull. I plunge downwards, weaving between the black trunks that are the only solid, vertical reference points in a mad world tipped on its side and awash with rushing snow and plummeting skiers. Some turns send up white waves that cover my face. The feeling is somewhere between falling and flying, a delicious mania found at the outer limit of control.
This is skiing’s “rapture of the deep” – potentially dangerous because it is so all-consuming, calling skiers to go faster, to abandon restraint, do anything to prolong the sensation. But it is wonderful too, the club’s motivation and lifeblood, the ephemeral commodity that has sustained CMH for 50 years and built an industry, the siren call that draws people across the world and up long logging roads in the darkness.
Tom Robbins was a guest of Pure Powder ( purepowder.com ) and Air Canada ( aircanada.com ). Pure Powder, a specialist heli-ski tour operator and CMH’s UK agent, offers a week’s trip with CMH from CAD$11,500 (£6,329). Air Canada has daily flights from London to Kelowna, via Calgary, from £825
Photographs: Topher Donahue; Juergen Klecha; Alex O’Brien
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Modi lauds media s role in spreading awareness on Clean India campaignModi lauds media's role in spreading awareness on Clean India campaign
PTI
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives for a Diwali get-together with the media at the BJP headquarters in New Delhi on Saturday. -- R.V. Moorthy
New Delhi, Oct 25:  
Reaching out to the media, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today lauded its role in spreading awareness about his pet ‘Clean India’ campaign, saying it has helped remove the perception that the Government is responsible for everything.
At his first interaction with the media in Delhi after becoming the Prime Minister, he recalled his fond relations with the media when he was a BJP office-bearer before going to Gujarat as Chief Minister in 2001.
Using the Diwali milan (get-together) organised by BJP chief Amit Shah at the party headquarters, Modi freely mixed with a few hundred journalists, including top editors and beat reporters.
“I used to arrange chairs here (BJP office) waiting for you (media). Those were different days when we used to interact freely. I had a beautiful relationship with you and it helped me in Gujarat,” he told the assembled editors, reporters and other journalists at the Diwali milan (get-together).
Fondly recalling the deep relationship he had with the media, Modi said he was looking for ways to further deepen and expand the old relationship.
“Some way will be found. It is important to interact with the media directly rather than through reportage and articles. By interacting directly, one gets to know things which mediapersons cannot report. Not only does one get information but also vision, which is very valuable,” he said.
Swachch Bharat campaign
Referring to the ‘Swachch Bharat’ campaign launched by him, Modi said he was happy to see several articles, TV features and social media write-ups on the subject, giving the mission wide publicity.
“Media has converted its pen into broom... This is a service to the nation,” he said, saying he felt indebted for this.
He said although 80 per cent of the media coverage is criticism of Governments, this is an issue which affects the image of the country and impacts the poorest most.
“More important than healthcare is preventive healthcare and cleanliness plays a crucial role in this,” he said, adding that it is a national duty to raise awareness about the issue.
Noting that all, including influential people, are getting involved in the ‘Swachch Bharat’ campaign, he said the notion that the Government has to do everything has changed.
“For the last 60 years, the thinking was that the Government has to do everything. Now the thinking is that we all have to work together. This demonstrates how big a role media can play,” Modi said.
Media has inspired people to take part in the cleanliness exercise, he said.
Earlier, Shah said the Central Government is doing a good job after people reposed their faith in Modi’s leadership. He hoped that it would rise to the expectations of the people.
Modi later mingled with journalists, many of whom jostled to get clicked with him. Several young journalists did selfies with the Prime Minister, who happily obliged them.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

Gold Sales Jump 20% for Diwali: Trade BodyIndian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
Gold sales in India during the festivals of Diwali and Dhanteras celebrated this week rose by about a fifth, a senior official at the country's biggest gold trade group said on Friday.
Premiums in India, the second biggest buyer of bullion, jumped to $17-$18 an ounce this week, compared with $12 last week, on surging demand.
Dhanteras, associated with Lakshmi - the goddess of wealth, and Diwali, the festival of lights, are both considered auspicious to buy gold.
"Diwali sales across the country were very good. It was about 20 per cent higher compared with last year," Bachhraj Bamalwa, director at the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation, told Reuters. The trade body represents more than 300,000 jewellers.
The strong demand from India could support global gold prices.
India set a record high import duty on gold last year to curb its trade deficit, and made it necessary for importers to re-export a fifth of all their purchases.
The moves contained imports into the country, with the resulting supply shortage sending local premiums to about $160 an ounce over the global benchmark at one point.
Some of the rules were eased earlier this year, leading to higher imports and a fall in local prices.
"This year prices were low, sentiment was good and we have a stable government in the centre; all of these helped boost sales," Mr Bamalwa said, referring to this year's election of Narendra Modi as Prime Minister.
Though the major gold buying festivals of the year are over, Mr Bamalwa said sales could continue to be strong due to the wedding season that will extend until early next year.
In anticipation of strong demand during the festivals, India had imported $3.75 billion worth of gold in September - a 450 per cent jump from the same period last year.
The jump in imports weighed on the country's trade deficit again, sparking fears that the government could tighten the screws again on overseas purchases of gold.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was quoted in local media as saying that he could look at curbs on gold imports after the festive season.
Any further curbs could hurt imports and push up premiums, Mr Bamalwa said.
In other parts of Asia, buying interest for gold was quiet, with premiums slipping in some regions, dealers said.
"I think prices have to fall toward or below $1,200 before people come into the physical markets again," said a trader in Hong Kong, where premiums slipped to $1.10-$1.20 an ounce from about $1.50 last week.
In China, premiums fell to about $1.50 an ounce on Friday from $2-$3 an ounce.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Get on the grundie trainOctober 24, 2014 5:13 pm
The return of the grundie
Jo Ellison
A full debrief on how grunge-era underwear came back into fashion
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b6bc5438-586c-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iraq government forces  militias take control of strategic town Jurf al-SakharIraqi government forces and Shi'ite militias took control of the strategic town of Jurf al-Sakhar.
By: Reuters | Cairo | Posted: October 26, 2014 1:17 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 1:18 am
Iraqi government forces and Shi’ite militias took control of the strategic town of Jurf al-Sakhar just south of Baghdad on Saturday.
They took control of the town breaking the grip of Islamic State militants after months of fighting, security officials said.
The officials said the Sunni insurgents fled to two nearby villages and were still attacking with sniper fire and mortars and government forces were preparing for a major overnight operation against them.

The local video store isn t dead  it just movedThe Local Video Store Isn't Dead—It Just Moved Online
A new study shows the best films and TV are available online.
Ben Keough and Tyler Wells Lynch
October 25, 2014
In my teens, a trip to the local Blockbuster was a Friday night ritual. Browsing the shelves at the video store was often more fun (and more time-consuming) than actually watching the movie I eventually picked out.
The experience of picking up the VHS and DVD slipcases, scrutinizing the blurbs on the back, and mentally cross-referencing the cast—there was a sense of adventure and mystery that's lost in this age of instant IMDb access and massive online review aggregators .
Gone but not forgotten. [Credit: Flickr user "chpaquette" (CC BY-NC 2.0)]
But while you might not be able to enjoy that kind of tactile browsing experience anymore (aside from the video section of your library), a study published earlier this month suggests the vast majority of top movies and TV shows are now available through online video on-demand (VOD) services.
Specifically, the report by KPMG found 94 percent of the top 808 films (defined by both popularity and critical acclaim) were available through streaming video services like Netflix, iTunes, and Amazon Prime. Similarly, 85 percent of the top 724 TV shows were available through the same platforms.
View Larger
“A significant number of digital films and television shows are available through a growing variety of online VOD platforms,” said Sanjaya Krishna, principal of KPMG’s media practice, in a statement . “With the proliferation of connected devices and increased adoption of VOD services, we expect consumers will continue to have expanded choice and availability of video content.”
"We expect consumers will continue to have expanded choice and availability of video content.”
Up until recently, though, streaming film and TV services suffered from a lack of depth in content. Between the closing of the last Blockbusters and the rise of platforms that allowed streaming media to compete with cable, DVD, and Blu-ray, it was difficult to find many specific titles—especially classic films and TV shows.
Today, the availability of content is better than ever, and services like CanIStream.it help users find exactly what's available and where to get it. But there’s still the problem of revenue—a puzzle even streaming giants like Apple and Spotify are having trouble solving . Advertising just isn’t cutting it.
For VOD services, the licensing system that determines which films and TV shows find their way to your PC, mobile device, or set-top box is increasingly expensive , and it’s forcing streaming companies to invest in original programming to balance the books.
Despite these challenges, subscription and pay-per-view services are likely to triumph over ad-supported networks like Hulu—at least when it comes to film and TV.
The KPMG study found 81 percent of top TV shows were available through sell-through or pay-per-view services like iTunes, while 44 percent were through streaming VOD like Netflix. Only 5 percent of those shows were found on ad-supported on-demand services.
Revenue hiccups aside, it’s still safe to assume the future of video is streaming.

Swiss gold exports to India cross recrod Rs 70 000 cr levelYou are here: Home > Collections
Swiss gold exports to India cross Rs 70,000 crore; banks turn wary after black money probe
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 02.30PM IST
Tags:
banking industry
(As per Swiss government…)
NEW DELHI/BERNE: As banks in Switzerland come under greater black money scrutiny, the quantum of gold having left Swiss shores for India so far this year has reached a record high level of over 11 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 70,000 crore).
The gold exports from Switzerland to India stood at over 2.2 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 15,000 crore) in September alone, which is double the figure for the previous month, shows latest data released by Swiss Customs Administration.
As a result, the total Swiss gold exports to India since January this year has grown to 11.4 billion Swiss francs, shows the data compiled by the Swiss government's cross-border trade monitoring agency.
While industry watchers attribute the surge during September partly to increased demand for the yellow metal ahead of Diwali and other festivals in India, the sudden spike is also being seen suspiciously in the backdrop of gold being used for 'layering' purposes to move funds from Swiss banks amid growing scrutiny for suspected black money.
According to banking industry sources, banks operating in Switzerland, including those headquartered in the Alpine nation and the Swiss units of other European banks, have turned wary about dealing with their Indian clients in the wake of a growing scrutiny of such accounts.
A number of Swiss banks, including three with significant global presence, have begun telling their Indian clients to sign undertakings that are aimed at 'derisking' the banking institutions from potential risks arising out of regulatory actions against the bank customers by foreign governments.
Some banks are also telling their clients to close their accounts if they are not ready to take such risks, or if they have apprehensions about such accounts not being compliant to regulatory requirements in their home countries.
Through these 'derisking' undertakings, the customer agrees to take responsibility for any possible regulatory or administrative compliance with international norms.
At the same time, the bankers are also lobbying with the Swiss government to ensure that any information would be shared with their Indian counterpart about accounts held in Swiss banks only after necessary provisions are made to safeguard the interest of the concerned banking institution.
Following a high-level delegation visit from India, Switzerland recently agreed to cooperate on matters related to verification of genuineness of accounts and reply to requests for banking account details in a time-bound manner, and also to initiate a process to include India among the countries eligible for 'automatic exchange of information'.
While banks try to put in place necessary safeguards, there are apprehensions that many of their clients are being advised to move the funds through gold and other routes.
As per Swiss government data, the total exports of gold, silver and coins from Switzerland stood at 347 tonnes (worth 6.62 billion Swiss francs) in September. This included gold exports totalling 172.5 tonnes or 6.48 billion Swiss francs.
In comparison, Switzerland's total gold exports stood at just about three billion Swiss francs (80.6 tonnes) in August, while the overall figure for gold, silver and coins stood at 3.16 billion francs (237 tonnes) in that month.
India alone accounted for total bullion exports worth 66.5 tonnes from Switzerland, which mostly comprised of gold (over 58 tonnes or over 2.2 billion Swiss francs) in September.
The total gold exports to India stood at 29.5 tonnes (1.12 billion Swiss francs) in August, while the figure for July was 21 tonnes (792 million Swiss francs).
In January, the total Swiss gold exports to India stood at about 27 tonnes (970 million Swiss francs), while it was in the range of 30 tonnes a month between February to May before surging to over 44 tonnes (1.62 billion Swiss francs) in June.
A new strategy of 'layering' through gold and diamond trade came to light earlier this year at Swiss banks to thwart any attempt for identification of real beneficiary owners of funds entrusted with them, government and banking sources have said.
There is a growing suspicion that a portion of gold and diamond trade is being used to route funds from Swiss banks to India and other destinations.
'Layering' is a key stage in money laundering and involves moving illicit funds around financial system through a complex series of deals to complicate the paper trail.
This layering typically takes place between the first stage -- placement of black money in the financial system either in cash vaults, or through a series of cash or sham financial transactions -- and before the final 'integration' stage when money is put back into the financial system through various transactions for the benefit of its final recipient.
Under global pressure, Switzerland agreed earlier this year to provide country-wise breakdown of its gold trade.

Won t allow India to resolve Kashmir issue ...India
(Pakistan has already written…)
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan will not allow India to resolve the Kashmir issue in its own way and plans to send envoys to different countries to brief them about "Indian aggression" along the LoC, the Prime Minister's Adviser on Foreign Affairs and National Security Sartaj Aziz has said.
"India wants to resolve the Kashmir dispute in its own way and Pakistan will not allow this Indian attempt to succeed," he told reporters yesterday.
Aziz said that Pakistan's desire for peace should not be misunderstood as it weakness.
He said that Pakistan would continue to raise the Kashmir issue at the international forums.
He alleged that India was violating the Line of Control peace and Pakistan just responding.
"The government will send emissaries and delegations to different countries to inform them about the Indian aggression on Line of Control and human rights violations in occupied Kashmir by the Indian forces," he added.
He said UN resolutions on Kashmir are still relevant and cannot be replaced by bilateral agreements.
"We are making efforts at an international level to make the UN Military Observers Mission more active," he said.
Pakistan has already written to the UN Secretary General about the recent deadly clashes and UN observers have also visited the villages hit by Indian firing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PWD to launch online booking system for community centres  parksPWD to launch online booking system for community centres, parks
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
The Public Works Department is all set to launch an online system for booking its community centres and parks for marriage functions and other events.
The department has started trial run of the online booking project and is removing all hurdles coming in the way of implementing it.
“We have started the trial run of online booking system for community centres and open space/parks. With the launch of this project, Delhiites can book PWD’s parks and community centres for marriage functions and other events online and even make payment through Internet. This project may be launched on December 1,” said a senior official, who is looking after this project.
At present, there are over 12 community centres and open area/parks of PWD, including Gulabi Bagh where three marriage venues are available, Karkadooma, Kalyanvas and Timarpur.
According to the PWD official, Delhi residents have to book community centres manually by visiting Delhi Secretariat, which often consumes a lot of time.
“But, after launch of online booking system, people don’t need to visit Delhi Secretariat and all what they will have to do is just visit online. People can also book event venue from their homes. They can also check online if other function is due on their event date or not, which will be very useful for them,” he added.
The official also said this project will help bring full-transparency in the booking process.
Last month, PWD had blacklisted three tent operators, who were hand-in-glove with allegedly some employees of Delhi Government and used to make forged booking of PWD’s community centres and open space/parks with their help.
He said a resident, who is not an employee of Central and State governments, will have to book event venue 30 days prior to the function.
“For instance, a marriage function is to be held on November 30, he/she has to book event venue in the last week of October.
If a person, who is an employee of Delhi Government, will have to book community centre 90 days before the event date.
“Besides, employees of Central government can register booking 90 days before the function date,” he further added.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

401 Lok Sabha MPs yet to declare assets detailsLok Sabha Secretariat said in an RTI query said the assets details of 401 members of Lok Sabha are still awaited.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:13 pm
Over 400 incumbent Lok Sabha members including Rahul Gandhi, Sonia Gandhi, Lal Krishna Advani and Rajnath Singh have not yet declared their assets and liability details, according to an RTI reply.
Lok Sabha Secretariat said in an RTI query said the assets details of 401 members of Lok Sabha are still awaited.
According to the Members of the Lok Sabha Declaration of Assets Rules 2004, a member is supposed to declare his assets within 90 days of taking oath.
The Lok Sabha MPs who have not yet submitted the assets and liability details include Union Ministers Sushma Swaraj, Uma Bharti, Nitin Gadkari, and SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav.
Lok Sabha Secretariat said no communication in this regard was sent to the members until September 26, when the RTI was received.
According to the RTI reply, there are 209 BJP MPs who have not yet submitted their details. There are 31 members from Congress, 27 from TMC, 18 from BJD, 15 from Shiv Sena, 14 from TDP, 9 from AIADMK and 8 from TRS. 7 members are from YSR Congress, 6 from Lok Janshakti Party and 4 from NCP, CPI (M) and SP each, 3 members from Akali Dal, RJD, and AAP each, and 2 each from JD(U) and Apna Dal.
Action against the members who have not submitted their asset details are taken under the Assets and Liability Declaration Rules 2004, Provisions 5 and 6, and the Representation of the People Act 1951, Section 75 (A).
Other MPs who have not yet submitted their details include Union Minister Harsh Vardhan, Radha Mohan Singh, Anant Geete, Anant Kumar, Ramvilas Paswan, Capt Amarinder Singh, Veerappa Moily, Mehbooba Mufti, Upendra Kushwaha, Kiren Rijiju and Supriya Sule.
The members also include Santosh Kumar Gangwar, Former Prime Minister H D Devegowda, Kalyan Banerjee, Harsimrat Kaur Badal, Arjun Charan Sethi. Yogi Adityanath, S S Ahluwalia, Meenakshi Lekhi, Vinod Khanna, Kirron Kher, Hema Malini, Paresh Rawal, Ramesh

Express LOL: After Queen Elizabeth  whos the unlikeliest celebrity to use TwitterPrint
By: Express LOL | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:50 pm
This week, we saw a nearly 90 year old monarch use Twitter, in the most surprising new user event since @superstarrajini. And, though Elizabeth was greeted more with polite conversation than outright surprise, we are 100% sure that everyone in the world was surprised.
So, who are some more unlikely celebs who will cause a huge furore when they do use or join Twitter? Here are the top six:

Rev deficit growing debt:Challenges before BJP-led Haryna govtRev deficit growing debt:Challenges before BJP-led Haryna govt
Swiss gold exports to India cross Rs 70 000 crore; banks turn wary after black money probeSwiss gold exports to India cross Rs 70 000 crore; banks turn wary after black money probe
Tesco Accounting Black Hole Deepens  Chairman to Step DownYou are here: Home Corporates
Tesco Accounting Black Hole Deepens, Chairman to Step Down
Reuters | Updated On: October 24, 2014 09:38 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
London:
Britain's largest retailer Tesco reported a bigger than expected hole in its finances on Thursday after finding that accounting transgressions went back further than initially thought, prompting its chairman to quit.
Shares in Tesco fell 8.5 per cent to an 11-year low, meaning Tesco, once the juggernaut of the retail sector, has lost half its market value this year after the accounting errors compounded a succession of profit warnings.
Chief Executive Dave Lewis, just seven weeks into the job, said he could no longer provide a full-year profit forecast for Britain's largest private employer because he did not know how much it would cost to rebuild the firm.
With net debt rising, the pension deficit expanding and business in its home market deteriorating rapidly, the third largest retailer in the world said it was looking at all options to raise cash.
Lewis, 49, told investors there were no easy answers and they should not expect the presentation of a single new over-arching strategy but rather a series of incremental improvements that would be felt over time.
Chairman Richard Broadbent, accused by some investors of allowing Tesco to drift into crisis during his near three-year tenure, said he would step down once the new management team had bedded in and a new business plan was in place.
The share fall wiped 1.2 billion pounds ($1.9 billion) off Tesco's market capitalisation. Lesser falls from rivals Sainsbury's and Morrisons cut their value by around 300 million pounds.
"Our business is operating in challenging times," said Lewis, who joined Tesco from one of its main suppliers, Unilever. "Trading conditions are tough and our underlying profitability is under pressure."
"The UK, the balance sheet, trust and transparency and the brand of the business will be the priorities for now."
Broadbent told reporters it was "very important that a line can be drawn under what's happened in the past".
"There's a very important principle of accountability which relates to people who are in my position."
Tesco said the overall impact from the incorrect booking of income was 263 million pounds ($421 million), up from an original estimate of 250 million pounds. When adding one-off costs such as the accounting hole and an impairment charge, its first-half statutory pretax profit was down 91 per cent.
Of the 263 million pounds, around 145 million came from prior years, Tesco said. A spokesman said the figure was not big enough to require those previous results to be restated and Broadbent said the mis-statements related to when deals with suppliers should have been booked, not their validity. The accounting mistakes will affect Tesco's second half, however.
"PRETTY HORRIBLE"
Tesco, founded by Jack Cohen as an east London market stall in 1919, grew rapidly through the 1990s to dominate the high street under the stewardship of Ian MacLaurin and Terry Leahy.
But it lost its way in the late 2000s as it cut back on investment at home to expand abroad. It then further damaged its appeal by favouring investors over shoppers with price hikes during the economic downturn in an attempt to shield profits.
Tesco now finds itself squeezed by fierce competition from discounters Aldi and Lidl at the lower end of the market, and by rivals Waitrose and Marks & Spencer at the top.
The big out-of-town stores it long championed are now also out of fashion, with more people preferring to shop little and often at local stores or online. Billionaire Warren Buffett recently cut his stake in Tesco to less than 3 per cent from 4 per cent after calling the purchase a "huge mistake".
"Tesco doesn't need to be the big sprawling business that it is," another large shareholder told Reuters on condition of anonymity. "They should be in contraction mode.
"(The accounting issue) is still pretty horrible ... and it's not closed off yet."
The results showed the scale of the crisis.
Second-quarter organic sales in Tesco's home market, excluding fuel and VAT sales tax, fell 5.5 per cent. That compared with a 3.8 per cent drop in the first quarter, which was described at the time as the worst performance in 40 years.
Net debt rose to 7.5 billion pounds from 7 billion pounds a year earlier, compared with an equity value of 14 billion pounds. The pension deficit ballooned by 800 million pounds in six months to 3.4 billion pounds.
Ratings agencies Moody's and Fitch downgraded Tesco to one notch above junk.
"Tesco has had quite a few years of challenge and disappointment," said Shore Capital analyst Clive Black. "However, we can never recall a period so damaging to the reputation of the company as the first half, 2015."
TOUGH DECISIONS
Asked if he would need to turn to shareholders for cash, Lewis said the group was reviewing all options, but that it believed it could raise significant funds by saving costs and selling assets, before a capital increase would be considered.
That is likely to be popular with investors who have told Reuters they would rather the group sold or floated assets, such as its operations in Asia and central and eastern Europe, before they would consider a rights issue.
Lewis said he had been visiting his British stores to get an idea of how shoppers view the retailer, but that the accounting probe had left him with no time to visit stores abroad, which he planned to do next week.
Tesco Asia, one of the assets that could be sold or spun off, saw trading profit fall 9.2 per cent. The Europe business was up 42 per cent, but that was from a low base, and it is thought to have fewer potential buyers.
Tesco Bank reported strong results.
Tesco said last month it had discovered an overstatement in its first-half profit forecast of 250 million pounds due to the way it booked payments from deals with food suppliers. Having been tipped off by a whistleblower, Lewis called in accountants Deloitte and the lawyers Freshfields to investigate.
Having captured 6.3 million documents and reviewed 18,000 invoices, it said on Thursday that the overall impact had now risen to 263 million pounds. There was no evidence of material issues outside of the British food business and no one had gained financially from the overstatement, Lewis said.
Eight senior members of staff, including UK managing director Chris Bush, remain suspended, in a serious blow to a firm as it gears up for the key Christmas trading period.
Bush and the suspended staff have not commented publicly on the issue. The internal investigation has now been shut, leaving Britain's financial regulator, the FCA, to investigate further. FCA investigations sometimes take over a year.
Lewis said the fate of the eight would depend on the outcome of the FCA probe.
Tesco said severance payouts of one year's salary due to former CEO Phil Clarke and former CFO Laurie McIlwee had been suspended pending the outcome of the FCA investigation.
Clarke, a 40-year Tesco veteran who was ousted in July, will, however, still be paid a monthly salary until he officially ceases to be an employee on Jan. 19. Lewis said he was not currently in contact in Clarke.
"The Deloitte investigation established the 'what', the size of the issue," Lewis said. "The FCA will establish the 'why' and the 'how'," he said, adding that Tesco did not expect, at this stage, to book any further charges in connection with the issue.
"In terms of this issue, that's the end of it," added Lewis.
(1 US dollar = 0.6244 British pound)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Google Bolsters Artificial Intelligence Efforts  Partners With OxfordYou are here: Home Corporates
Google Bolsters Artificial Intelligence Efforts, Partners With Oxford
Reuters | Updated On: October 24, 2014 09:45 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
San Francisco: Google Inc is expanding its artificial intelligence initiative, hiring more than half a dozen leading academics and experts in the field and announcing a partnership with Oxford University to "accelerate" its efforts.
Google will make a "substantial contribution" to establish a research partnership with Oxford's computer science and engineering departments, the company said on Thursday regarding its work to develop the intelligence of machines and software, often to emulate human-like intelligence.
Google did not provide any financial details about the partnership, saying only in a post on its blog that it will include a program of student internships and a series of joint lectures and workshops "to share knowledge and expertise."
Google, which is based in Mountain View, California, is building up its artificial intelligence capabilities as it strives to maintain its dominance in the Internet search market and to develop new products such as robotics and self-driving cars. In January Google acquired artificial intelligence company Deep Mind for $400 million according to media reports.
The new hires will be joining Google's Deep Mind team, including three artificial intelligence experts whose work has focused on improving computer visual recognition systems. Among that team is Oxford Professor Andrew Zisserman, a three-time winner of the Marr Prize for computer vision.
The four founders of Dark Blue Labs will also be joining Google where they will be will be leading efforts to help machines "better understand what users are saying to them."
Google said that three of the professors will hold joint appointments at Oxford, continuing to work part time at the university.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Honda Executives Take Pay Cut After 5th Fit Hybrid RecallYou are here: Home Corporates
Honda Executives Take Pay Cut After 5th Fit Hybrid Recall
Reuters | Updated On: October 24, 2014 08:18 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Tokyo:
Honda Motor Co said on Thursday its president and 12 other executives would take an unprecedented, quality-related pay cut after the Japanese automaker announced the fifth recall in a year of its new Fit hybrid model.
The recall, which covers 425,825 Fit hybrid vehicles and other models in Japan, comes as Honda is facing lawsuits due to accidents involving airbags supplied by Takata Corp. The airbags have been linked to four deaths - all on Hondas - and have triggered a multi-million vehicle recall by many automakers worldwide.
"We have inconvenienced many customers, and we're deeply sorry," Honda spokeswoman Akemi Ando told reporters after announcing the latest Fit recall. Shares in Honda ended down 1.4 per cent on Thursday, underperforming the benchmark Nikkei average.
No injury or death has been reported from the defects, as with the previous four recalls, Honda added.
The recall will cost about 5.7 billion yen ($53 million), and the impact on earnings is minimal, Honda said. The overall cost of the five recalls involving the Fit hybrid now stands at 16.5 billion yen, it added.
Because the recall highlighted quality concerns, the company said that over the next three months, Chief Executive Takanobu Ito will take a 20 per cent pay cut while other senior executives including Chairman Fumihiko Ike and Executive Vice President Tetsuo Iwamura will give up 10 per cent of their pay.
Honda also said it had appointed Senior Managing Officer Koichi Fukuo to oversee quality improvements across the organisation, the first time it has created such a role.
Honda said the latest recall was over two noise-related defects in the Fit and Vezel hybrids as well as some gasoline-engine Fit and N-WGN models. The automaker will also recall 251 cars overseas for the same glitch.
Honda first recalled the Fit hybrid in October 2013 - just one month after launch - for defective controls on its newly developed seven-speed twin-clutch transmission system. Two recalls followed for the same issue.
($1 = 107.2600 Japanese yen)

Pfizer s $11-Billion Buyback Plan Deflates AstraZeneca Bid HopesAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
London/New York: US drug maker Pfizer is to continue buying back stock, with the board authorising a new $11-billion share repurchase plan, deflating expectations that it will make a new bid for AstraZeneca.
Shares in AstraZeneca fell 1.2 per cent by 0800 GMT (1:30 p.m. in India) on Friday following the news.
The largest American pharmaceuticals company, whose shares gained more than 1 per cent after the announcement late on Thursday, said the move was in addition to the $1.3 billion remaining on its current share buyback programme.
Pfizer, which has a market valuation of about $180 billion, earlier this year failed in its $118 billion bid to buy British rival AstraZeneca. It has an opportunity to make a fresh run at its target from late November under British takeover rules.
Pfizer chief executive Ian Read has said the company is continuing to look at deals but investor hopes for a new bid have dwindled recently because of the introduction of new US tax rules.
The US government's tax proposals are designed to make it harder for American firms to shift their tax bases out of the country and into lower cost jurisdictions in Europe, as Pfizer would do by buying AstraZeneca.
The likelihood of Pfizer resuming its pursuit has also been diminished following the collapse of US drug maker AbbVie's $55-billion plan to buy Dublin-based Shire, as a result of the new US tax regulations.
But while investors may well view the big new share buyback as another blow to the idea of a Pfizer bid, ISI Group analyst Mark Schoenebaum cautioned against reading too much into it.
"We cannot and should not necessarily make that read-across," he said in a note.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

E-commerce Industry to Touch $90 Billion by 2021 in India: ReportIndian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
Mumbai: The e-commerce industry is worth $13 billion (Rs 79,300 crore) today and is expected to touch $90 billion (Rs 5,49,000 crore) by 2021, according to eTailing India Founder Ashish Jhalani.
This 700 per cent growth will change the way organisations allocate internet advertising budgets in India, eTailing India's Jhalani said in a statement here today.
"E-commerce is a full-fledged industry today, from being ancillary part of the retail industry less than a few years ago. Much like Apple changed the music industry, e-commerce will not only impact retail, but also the advertising industry, Mr Jhalani said.
Shoppers in India are increasingly using smartphones to buy products; sites such as Flipkart, Snapdeal and Shopclues have reported that that up to 35 per cent of their traffic comes from the mobile phone. With the high penetration of phones in India and improving internet connectivity, e-commerce firms are expected to reach millions of new users in the coming years, he said.
In line with the growth of e-commerce, one-third of the world's advertising revenue is also expected to go digital by 2018, Mr Jhalani said.
At a recent conference, Google India declared that Indian internet users will surpass the number in the US by the end of 2014 and around 500 million people will be online by 2018.
($1 = Rs 61)

Londons luxury housing market freeze intensifiesLondon’s luxury housing market freeze intensifies
Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6096663e-5b8c-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Everyone is a suspectBy Radley Balko October 24 Follow @radleybalko
Over at the Huffington Post , ACLU fellow Samia Hossain has a so-absurd-it’s-humorous rundown of Amtrak’s “indicators of criminality.” Amtrak tells its employees (and customers) that passengers exhibiting such behaviors “should immediately be reported to trained law enforcement personnel.” They include:
Unusual nervousness of traveler
Unusual calmness or straight ahead stare
Looking around while making telephone call(s)
Position among passengers disembarking (ahead of, or lagging behind passengers)
Carrying little or no luggage
Purchase of tickets in cash
Purchase tickets immediately prior to boarding
As is often the case with war-on-terror excesses, there’s a drug war antecedent here. The Supreme Court, for example, has given customs officials enormous leeway in identifying and detaining suspected drug couriers coming into the country, finding that the government need only “reasonable suspicion” before agents can stop you, detain you, interrogate you, seize and search your phone or laptop or even hold you in a room until you defecate. In his book “ Lost Rights ,” the journalist and libertarian activist James Bovard listed some of the signs the courts have approved as showing “reasonable suspicion.” Among them:
Being the first person off a plane
Being the last person off a plane
Someone authorities believe has tried to blend in to the middle of exiting passengers
Booking a nonstop flight
Booking a flight with a layover
Traveling alone
People who appear nervous
People who appear “too calm”
Merely flying to or from a city known to be a major thoroughfare in the drug pipeline
Bovard has some more on the suspected drug courier-terrorist connection here .
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Milk choice may affect vitamin D levelsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wall Street Finally Turning on Amazon as Bezos Magic FadesYou are here: Home Corporates
Wall Street Finally Turning on Amazon as Bezos Magic Fades
Reuters | Updated On: October 25, 2014 20:29 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
San Francisco/Boston: Amazon.com Inc's once fairy-tale ride on Wall Street has hit its most jarring bump yet.
The company that for years enthralled investors with improbable growth and earned one of the technology sector's highest valuations drew widespread ire after a spectacular results letdown on Thursday.
Amazon missed expectations across the board - on margins, on its net loss and on revenue. An unaccountably poor 7 to 18 per cent revenue growth forecast for the typically strongest holiday quarter was the final straw for some.
Coming just three months after a big letdown in July, the warning may represent a tipping point for investors who are already wary of a triple-digit price-earnings ratio and a persistent unwillingness to throttle back spending.
"They're becoming much too distracted in all these other efforts" outside core businesses like online retailing and web services, said Matthew Benkendorf, portfolio manager at Vontobel Asset Management. Mr Benkendorf unloaded his Amazon holdings a year ago and said he would be skeptical of future involvement even if the stock falls further.
"They are their own worst enemy to success," he said. "They really need to do some soul searching and get focused."
After some rough patches following the dotcom boom, CEO Jeff Bezos for years weaved a spell over Wall Street, riding a track record for upending the retail industry with Amazon's low-cost, speedy-delivery model. But Bezos has increasingly sought leading positions in internet computing, digital media, and on-demand services.
Investors have given Mr Bezos a lot of leeway based on past success, including the introduction of Amazon Web Services. The cloud-hosting and computing service started out as a low-cost option for cash-strapped startups but now vies successfully with IBM on government and corporate IT contracts.
But the company is entering a phase when many investors are expecting to see profit improvements, said Andrew Cupps, president of Cupps Capital Management in Chicago. Mr Cupps now owns about 20,000 Amazon shares, down from around 30,000 earlier this year.
Amazon shares fell 8.3 per cent on Friday to a year's low of $287.06, wiping out more than $12 billion in value.
Including Friday's plunge, Amazon's stock is down by nearly a third since January. Investors had begun questioning Mr Bezos' growing spending on perceived side-projects since his company missed second-quarter profit targets.
Such long-term endeavors included Hollywood-style content and mobile devices to compete with Apple Inc and Google Inc. But while Amazon's original drama series "Transparent" has won rave reviews, the jury is still out on whether the company can consistently deliver Netflix-style hits like "House of Cards". Meanwhile, its "Fire" smartphone project appears in trouble. The company took a $170 million write-down in the third quarter, largely because of unsold phones. And last month, it slashed the phone's price (with a two-year AT&T contract) to 99 cents from $199.
That's why brokerage analysts previously enamored of Amazon's prospects struck a pessimistic note. At least 20 brokerages cut their price targets on the stock on Friday.
"Even if Bezos is unconcerned about institutional investors' near term, he needs to care how the stock impacts his ability to attract and retain talent, particularly given the broadening tech expertise he needs," Macquarie's Ben Schacter said.
"If the stock continues to get hit, we could even end up in a situation with activists calling for significant changes."
Sick of it
To be sure, short interest in Amazon remains low compared with most companies, suggesting that few investors deem the company to be in trouble. But it has increased over the past six months. About a year ago, 0.3 per cent of the shares available for short bets were being used for such activity.
That's increased to about 1.6 per cent as of Thursday, according to Markit, which tracks share lending.
And despite Friday's steep target-price cuts, no brokerage yet has a sell rating on the stock. Of the 44 analysts covering Amazon, 28 have a 'buy' or higher rating on the stock, though that's down from 32 three months ago.
Some still give Mr Bezos the benefit of the doubt.
"I get it that people are frustrated that they've done a lot of different things that haven't helped them that much," said Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Synovus Trust Company, which will hold onto Amazon for now. "We'll hang in there a little longer to see if this thing will come to fruition for them."
Others have begun to waver. During Thursday's earnings call, analysts pressed Amazon on when it would see a payoff from heavy investments in China, devices and other areas. Wolfe Research analyst Aram Rubinson asked what metrics Amazon tracks "because it's a little hard to see any of it making positive progress."
"We are at the point where they're getting sick of it," said John Thompson, chief executive of Vilas Capital Management, who has been shorting Amazon for about two years. He took issue in particular with executives' assertions that they rely on cash flows as one of their prime performance metrics.
"They're using a cash conversion cycle - meaning, they take your money in today when you buy something, but they don't pay their supplier for 75 days. That is what creates cash flow and that's what everyone on the Street looks at," he said. "That's an entirely fallacious way of valuing a company."
"If Amazon were to exit China and use the savings to buy back stock, we could easily get far more optimistic," Mr Rubinson said in a separate note. "But we are not holding our breath."
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: October 25, 2014 11:19 (IST)

Sunday ET | How Biyani is remodelling Future...Amazon
(Thinking big comes easy…)
I wouldn't suggest we are an ideal organization, but I think we have made the beginning towards building one" Kishore Biyani, in his autobiography It Happened in India
Seven years after India's Raja of Retail penned his entrepreneurial journey — and in the process convinced his elder daughter Ashni that he wasn't writing it, as she feared, "too soon" — Kishore Biyani's "ideal organization" is still a work in progress. By 2007 — 16 years after he opened his first store to sell apparel, Pantaloons — Biyani had done enough in the retail space, and more, to earn the Raja handle.
Read Kishore Biyani's Interview Here
His Future Group was selling food and groceries, apparel, footwear, furniture, consumer electronics, home products, books, medicines, mobiles et al through multiple formats like supermarkets, hypermarkets, malls, specialty stores — and, yes, an online portal too.
Forays into the broader consumption space — restaurants, entertainment centres and even consumer finance and insurance — were all prongs of the group that hit revenues of just over Rs 5,000 crore in the year ended June 2008.
Today, Biyani looks back at the no-holds-barred growth phase with mixed emotions. "Success is very heady. [But] difficult times humble you."
Those difficult times came courtesy of the global financial crisis of 2008.
The Future Group found itself saddled with a debt of over Rs 4,000 crore even as liquidity dried up and consumers tightened their purse strings.
The debt kept rising, peaking at Rs 7,800 crore in 2012. The post-2008 phase was of gritty survival, culminating in the sale of Pantaloon to the AV Birla group for Rs 1,600 crore in 2012; and a series of selloff deals are still in the pipeline.
Over the next couple of years, rationalizing stores became the buzzword and, as things stand today, Reliance Retail is the largest organized retailer — the newly crowned 'Raja', if you will — and e-commerce giants Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal et al have captured the mind space of consumers and the moneybags of investors.
Yesterday's Raja of Retail, now 53, seemingly with a smaller fire in the belly, is watching the new kids on the block, happy that he wrote his tome at the right time — after all, wasn't it Biyani himself who told an investor: "Retail is like riding a bicycle uphill, if you stop pedaling you will slide down?"
Biyani hasn't stopped pedalling. The only difference is that he now wants to ride a faster, larger cycle, a road bike perhaps, that traverses terrains beyond organized retailing and bunny-hops onto the track of food — processing it, marketing it and branding it.
At the same time he wants to throw his hat once again in the ring in which he was one of the first to do so: e-commerce. Don't forget he had set up Futurebazaar.com in 2007 — the same year Flipkart was born.
"He [Biyani] is in the most exciting phase of his career. I have never seen him so engaged and committed," says Shailesh Haribhakti, managing partner, Haribhakti & Co, an independent director of Future Lifestyle. On the board, Haribhakti has known Biyani for over two decades now.
Food for Thought
Last month, prime minister Narendra Modi inaugurated a 110-acre food park in Tumkur in Karnataka, Biyani's first iron in the fire of foodprocessing.
He plans to set up two more — one in Madhya Pradesh and West Bengal each — with the aim of fuelling the foods business into a Rs 20,000-crore behemoth by 2020, from just Rs 1,000 crore currently.
The processed and packaged foods business in India is a gargantuan pie, at Rs 40,000 crore; however, it is fragmented and dominated by unorganized players. In 2012-13, Indian households are estimated to have spent Rs 11,00,000 crore on food.
  For his part, Biyani doesn't see the food foray as a shift from the core business. "I have never looked at myself as just a retailer," he says. "We have always been an FMCG company," he adds.
To be sure, group company Future Consumer Enterprises is present in over 60 product categories, and the plan is to make frozen foods, ready-to-eat and baked items at the food parks. "India does not have home-grown food products that cater to Indian tastes," adds Biyani.
Biyani wants to do to food what he did to retail in the 1990s. "Hopefully, we will be the largest food FMCG company in the country by 2020," says Biyani. His vision is to make Future Group a Rs 1,00,000 crore entity by 2020, with food contributing a fifth of those revenues.
When Biyani took the plunge into retail, Walmart founder Sam Walton was doubtless an inspiration — but not necessarily for the Walmart model. The Future Group CEO has been influenced by Walton's desire to "rewrite rules".
Biyani reckons he's done something similar by creating a unique retailing model in India that has the look and feel of mandis, and takes into account local tastes and cultures. The food venture will follow the similar principles of providing indigenous solutions.

Rise of women MLAs: Is Haryana s glass ceiling crackingComments
The newly formed assembly in Haryana has 13 women MLAs  - the maximum in the history of the north Indian state since it first witnessed assembly polls in 1965. This is an achievement for the state infamous for its patriarchal and feudal setup where women have no say in the affairs of the family and outside.
There are 879 women for every 1,000 men in the state against the national average of 927 to 1,000. According to the 2011 census, about 72 per cent of the population in rural Haryana is literate. This includes 60 per cent women.
"Considering that this has been an extremely male-dominated setup for decades, these 13 MLAs are a sign of the changing times. This was not expected earlier and should be hailed," says Daulat Ram Chaudhry, a Haryana-based social activist and retired Delhi University professor. Out of the 13 MLAs elected this year, eight are from the BJP, three from the Congress and one each from the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and the Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC). A total of 116 women candidates were in the fray this year for 90 seats across the state. The Congress fielded 10 women candidates and 16 were from the INLD. The BJP gave tickets to 15 women; the Bahujan Samaj Party to six and the HJC to five.  Prior to the latest polls, the highest number of women MLAs sent to the Haryana assembly was 11 in 2005.
Also read: For first time 13 women to enter Haryana Assembly
Women activists nevertheless strike a contrarian note. "Only 13 MLAs out of 90, does not reflect a shift in women's place in the power structures of the state," says Savita, state joint secretary, All India Democratic Women's Association (AIDWA), Haryana. "Parties give tickets to women from seats where the chances of winning are grim. And majority of them are proxy for men in the family," she adds. Savita's stand is borne out by the fact that around six months ago, soon after municipal elections, the state administration faced a peculiar situation when husbands of councillors wanted to ensure they participate in all crucial meetings.
But what is undoubtedly happening is the repeat victories of women candidates. Renuka Bishnoi of HJC, Santosh Chauhan Sarvan and Kavita Jain of the BJP, Kiran Choudhry, Geeta Bhukkal and Shankuntala Khatak of the Congress have all been elected for the second time.
Seven candidates who made their debut as legislators in the 2014 assembly elections include Rohita Rewri, Santosh Yadav, Prem Lata Singh, Latika Sharma, Seema Trikha, and Bimla Chaudhary, all from the BJP; and Naina Singh Chautala of the INLD. 
In 1996, the state had fielded 93 women candidates, of which only four were elected. It's certainly been a long road travelled since.
Politics defies gender
Seema Trikha
Constituency: Badhkal, Party: BJP
Seema Trikha, a first-time BJP MLA from Bhadkal constituency with her supporters at a meeting in Chandigarh. (Saumya Khandelwal/HT Photo)
Gender factor ends when you are in politics," says 47 year old Seema Trikha, a first- time MLA in Haryana. In what is seen as the effect of the Modi wave in the state, Trikha defeated Congress veteran Mahender Pratap Singh by over 35,000 votes from Badhkal constituency. "My contenders belonging to other parties also were all men. My victory shows that gender does not matter if people have faith in you," says the qualified lawyer who is also known in her constituency as a social worker active on gender issues. 
Trikha was a councillor between 2005 and 2009 and served as the president of the BJP's women wing in Faridabad, Haryana.
She admits that the notion of Haryana as a patriarchal and feudal set up is partially correct. Although in minority, there are families which encourage women to get educated and employed, she says. "If something wrong has been happening for decades, you cannot expect it to change overnight. Societal change is a slow process. The good thing is that it has started happening in Haryana," says Trikha, citing examples of Kalpana Chawla, late Indian- American astronaut and BJP leader Sushma Swaraj, who hail from Haryana.
She believes that the prime minister Narendra Modi's Independence Day address from Red Fort in which he advised parents to groom their male children so that they are sensitive towards women, would go a long way in the betterment of the country's women. "During her upbringing, a girl child is told about good touch, bad touch; when to be back in the house and how to protect herself. But no grooming is given to the boys in the family regarding how to behave with women when they go out."
 Being a woman from a middle class family in Faridabad, Trikha says she has seen how various issues related to governance- employment, inflation, corruption- affects the woman in the family. "If there is inflation and the man cannot afford household items the way he was doing earlier, he asks the woman to adjust or make do with whatever he has got. It is her job to manage," she says.
 Does she turn to men of the family for crucial decisions? "At times, I do." On women being proxy to males in the family, in the context of politics, she says. "Your own caliber dictates whether you will consult men in the family or party or not."
In politics, by chance
Constituency: Sonepat, Party: BJP
(Saumya Khandelwal/HT Photo
In October 2009, the Haryana unit of the BJP dropped its candidate from the Sonepat assembly constituency, Rajiv Jain, for the state assembly elections as a case against him relating to disproportionate income was pending in the Punjab and Haryana High Court. Jain, who was also the spokesman of the party's state unit, was replaced by his wife, Kavita Jain. She won that election and the latest one, the result of which was declared last Sunday.
Other than her husband, the man Kavita observed closely in politics was her father, Surendra Kumar Jain, former BJP district president, a loyalist of former Haryana deputy chief minister Mangal Sain. "Much before I entered into active politics, I was attuned to the culture politicians are used to," says Jain, adding that it is rare for the women of Agrawal family, taking up politics as a profession. She believes that the situation of the girl child and women is generally grim across the country and it is not fair to exemplify Haryana as a patriarchal society. "Yes, honour killings have happened here, but the condition is not rosy outside this state," says the mother of two.
Belonging to a political family, it is said that Kavita would not have entered into politics if her husband did not have to withdraw his candidature at the last moment and that he remote controls Kavita's work. 
Kavita refutes it. She believes it is unfair to say that women act as proxy to males in the family and they cannot take their decisions. Male politicians, too, have advisors and who can be a better advisor than your better half, she says.
The biker MLA
Constituency: Kalanaur, Party: Congress
(Saumya Khandelwal/HT Photo)
Shakuntala Khatak defies the stereotypical image of a woman in Haryana, one who is mostly confined to household work and look up to the men in the family. A professional nurse, Khatak owns a 150 cc bike which she rode to visit patients working for the post graduate institute in Rohtak. She continued to be a bike freak when she got to contest the assembly election for the first time from Kalanaur seat (reserved) in 2009 and drove the bike across her constituency. As her supporters and loyalists, mostly men, line up to congratulate her at the party office, 47 years old Khatak says, "I was always liberated," says Khatak, who is considered close to sate Congress leader and former chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.
Khatak grew up watching her elder brother who was a Congress worker and ticket aspirant. "I got attracted to power early in my life. While I pursued my nursing career, my interest in politics never reduced," she says, adding that women in Haryana need to be bold and aware of their rights if they want to have their say in family matters and outside. "They should not become rebels, but at least know what their rights are vis-a-vis to those of men in the family," she says, adding, that compared to a decade ago, the state of affairs is much better for women. "Would you have come to interview a woman MLA in Haryana, then?" asks Khatak.
It's her day in the sun
Prem Lata
Constituency: Uchana Kalan, Party: BJP
(Gurpreet Singh/ HT Photo)
In a war between two dynasties in patriarchal Haryana, a woman has emerged as the big slayer. Prem Lata defeated the scion of the Chautala family, Dushyant Chautala, from Uchana Kalan, a seat held by her husband Birender Singh for four terms before switching loyalty from the Congress to the BJP. Being older to Dushyant by 38 years, makes her "more politically experienced", she says. 
 "A wife does not inherit the political legacy as a blood relation but her foray into politics happens on the same day as her husband," she says. "She is the woman behind the man. She manages the back-stage. During the floods in Uchana, I would go to homes of victims with doctors and medicines. Had the BJP given the ticket to my son or daughter, who are blood relations of my husband, it could be called dynastic politics but a wife getting the ticket cannot be so bracketed."  Daughter of an army officer and a graduate from Pilani in Rajasthan, Prem Lata says more women MLAs are a necessity in a state like Haryana which is still in the grip of patriarchy and where the social and economic status of women are "abysmally low".
 "Many women in Haryana still are in purdah (veil). How can male politicians meet them or be their voice? If there are crimes against women, do men raise the matter in the state assembly? There are no toilets at home for them and no facilities at workplaces. There should be women MLAs to speak for women," she says.
 Prem Lata may belong to one of Haryana's powerful political families but political lineage alone does not win elections, she stresses.  "Education is changing mindsets and there is more acceptability for women politicians now. We will not let daughters be killed in the womb either under pressure from the mother-in-law or the husband," she adds.

Assam: Nine killed  more than 20 injured in bus accidentComments
Nine persons were killed and 24 others injured when a bus fell into a ditch after hitting the railing of a road in Nagaon district of Assam, early on Sunday.
Nagaon district SP, Arabinda Kalita said that the mishap occurred as the driver lost his control over the vehicle.
“The bus was in high speed and the driver lost his control over the vehicle. The bus was traveling from Lakhimpur and its destination was Guwahati. Among the nine dead, five are men and four are women”, said Kalita.
Police said that there were 33 people in the bus. The injured were initially admitted at the Nagaon civil hospital. Later, the eight persons who were critically injured were shifted to the Gauhati Medical College Hospital (GMCH).
The bus was operated by Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC). There were allegations from injured passengers that due to negligence of state emergency ambulance service officials, they reached  the Nagaon hospital about three hours late.
Chief minister, Tarun Gogoi has instituted a probe into the accident and expressed his condolences.

Art exhibition in Paris aims to  see beyond sex  in the Kama SutraArt exhibition in Paris aims to 'see beyond sex' in the Kama Sutra
Noopur Tiwari , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 26, 2014
First Published: 13:38 IST(26/10/2014) | Last Updated: 14:52 IST(26/10/2014)
Comments
The Kama Sutra has long suffered from an image crisis. In India, it is often relegated to the realm of the obscene, and the book is hardly read. In the West, it is widely regarded as an exotic sex manual for gymnastic porn.
  
Play Pause
An exhibition underway in Paris seeks to bust the persistent myth that the ancient Indian text is a manual of sexual positions and nothing more. (All images courtesy Pinacothèque de ...
An illustrated page of the Koka-shastra, written in the 13th century, evokes the Kama Sutra with a nostalgic reverence for a period when women were not separated from men and ...
A bust of a goddess in terracotta, from the 5th-century Gupta period. This is one of the most ancient pieces on display in Paris, and the one that dates closest ...
A bronze breastplate worn by Theyyam dancers in Kerala to take on the female form.
An 18th-century work titled ‘Standing couple’, design on perforated paper, from the Jaipur school, Rajasthan.
An 11th-century idol of Shiva and Parvati carved in stone. The Hindu dieties with consorts and the mythology features explicit stories. Gender boundaries are not rigid.
A brass betelnut cracker from 18th-century Maharashtra, representing a standing couple.
Poor translations from the original Sanskrit have had much to do with this, says Alka Pande, curator of a unique show in Paris that is aimed at steering visitors away from such "reductive interpretations" of the ancient text.
Titled The Kama Sutra: Spirituality and Eroticism in Indian Art, Pande's exhibition aims at busting myths surrounding the text.
On display are 300 objects dating from the 5th to the 20th centuries AD. And they have certainly piqued curiosity, drawing more than 8,000 people a week to the Pinacothèque de Paris museum since the show opened on October 2.
"The Kama Sutra is not a manual of sexual positions; it's one of the most misunderstood texts," says Pande. "The famous sexual positions, in fact, are just one section of a seven-part treatise on the aesthetic of life, based on Hindu spirituality."
In addition to sex, the text discusses the arts of perfumery, music and dance, and serves as a manual for great living for the urban sophisticate.
Also read: Let's shut Ajanta-Ellora, ban Kamasutra, says Priyanka Chopra
Pande says the Kama Sutra not only inspired temple sculptures, through sculptors who had knowledge of the text, but also erotic art and literature over centuries.
The Kama Sutra also talks of a 'tritiya prakriti' or third gender - people who are transgender or non-heterosexual. "In that sense, the text is very inclusive and looks at every aspect of human nature," says Pande. "Where the text talks of a man stealing another man's wife, it makes room for a woman to be dissatisfied. If the text speaks of a man with several women, it also talks of a woman with several men."
Vatsyayana, a little-known author who lived in what is the modern-day Indian state of Bihar, is believed to have written the Kama Sutra in the 3rd or 4th century AD. The earliest translation was the English version that orientalist Richard Burton produced along with Bhagwanlal Indraji and Forster Fitzgerald Arbuthnot, in 1883.
At the time, only 250 copies were privately circulated, as the Obscene Publications Act of 1857 banned publication and distribution of explicit and erotic material.
The more Indo-centric translations came later, with Devdutt Shastri's Hindi version in 1964, and more recent translations by Indra Sinha, Wendy Doniger, Sudhir Kakar and Alka Pande, which are more contemporary and gender-inclusive.
The exhibition at the Pinacothèque is divided into seven sections, like the text of the Kama Sutra.
In the catalogue, author and psychoanalyst Sudhir Kakar says the seven acts of the Kama Sutra tell the story of a man who sets up his house as a bachelor, perfects his sexual technique (in the famous Book II), seduces a virgin, gets married, seduces the wives of other men, visits courtesans, and finally, when he has grown old, resorts to the use of aphrodisiacs. The erotic iconography of the artworks is used to demonstrate traditions and rituals in Indian art and literature.
A bronze breastplate worn by Theyyam dancers in Kerala to take on the female form.
Even though the text is mainly written for men, Kakar points out that Vatsyayana recommended that women read it too. In fact, the fourth and the sixth books are addressed to women readers. Though the woman is not treated as a passive sex object, her participation and enjoyment are aimed at enhancing the man's experience, Kakar adds. Unlike other texts written in the same period, the Kama Sutra is less patriarchal and even subversive in its tone.
A wide variety of themes, ranging from pre- and post-marital sex to magico-religious beliefs and zoo-sexuality, are touched upon. There is also an element of satire in sculptures such as the ones depicting aroused ascetics or a merchant with his amorous donkey.
At the Paris exhibition, the most photographed display was the one titled 'It's a man's duty to pleasure the woman', says Marc Restellini, director of Pinacothèque de Paris. "Indian civilisation says do not marry someone you are not sexually compatible with, as opposed to Christian civilisations, which make sex before marriage taboo," Restellini adds.
Also on display are exhibits on the 13th-century Koka Shastra, a compilation of erotic stories by Koka Pandit, and the 19th-century Urdu Rekhti, erotic lesbian poetry written by women.
The collection of works draws mainly on ancient objects, many of them from private collections. Among the collectors who have contributed to the exhibition are Arvind Singh Mewar from Rajasthan in India and Beroze and Michel Sabatier from La Rochelle in France. Other collectors preferred to remain anonymous. Museums from Belgium and Switzerland also contributed to the exhibition.
The photos reproduced with this article are of some of the least explicit objects on display. The museum website warns: "The exhibition features artworks with erotic content that might shock certain viewers. It is not advisable to the younger visitors."
The exhibition will be on display till January 11.

Junk food brands using Facebook to target young peopleJunk food brands using Facebook to target young people
PTI
Tweet
Melbourne, Oct 26:  
Junk food brands are engaging with young Facebook users to promote unhealthy foods which can contribute to obesity and lifestyle diseases, a new study has found.
Researchers at the University of Sydney have shed light on the digital marketing strategies of energy dense, nutrient-poor food (EDNP) brands to teens and young adults who are using Facebook.
“Our findings show that unhealthy food and beverage marketing is prolific and seamlessly integrated within online social networks,” said lead author Becky Freeman, from the University of Sydney’s School of Public Health.
“Adolescents and young adults are engaging with brands like Dominos, Slurpee and Skittles on Facebook on a near-daily basis.
“Given the exponential growth in use of social media websites such as Facebook among young people, there is a need to understand the techniques and reach of this kind of marketing on these sites.
“Soft drinks and energy drink brand pages are hugely popular on Facebook, reflecting the high consumption of these products among adolescents and young adults,” Freeman said.
The study used a sample of top-ranked Facebook pages of food manufacturers, food brands, retailers and restaurants.
The resulting analysis reviewed 27 food and beverage brand Facebook pages on the basis of their marketing techniques, follower engagement and marketing reach of messages posted by the pages.
“Young Facebook users willingly spread marketing messages on behalf of food and beverage corporations with seemingly little incentive or reward required,” Freeman said.
“Any activity that users engage with on brand pages can appear in the news feed of their friends, so marketing messages quickly amplify across social networks. This kind of consumer involvement and engagement is unique to social media communication,” Freeman said.
“The Facebook pages in our study were not simply low-budget fan pages, all were professionally moderated and appeared to be administered by either the company brand owner or an advertising agency,” said Freeman.
“In terms of health policy, much of the current work to limit exposure to EDNP advertising is focused on restricting advertisements during children’s television programmes and viewing hours.
“Our study shows that this narrow focus is likely to miss large amount of online advertising aimed at adolescents.
“As a minimal first step, increased monitoring of how EDNP food and beverages are marketed on social media is essential,” Freeman said.
Researchers said the study focused on Australian Facebook users, but the findings have international relevance given that many of the pages in the study were for global brands.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Housing prices remain stable in September  supply dips: CBREE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar:PROFILEPrint
Chief Minister of Haryana - Manohar Lal Khattar (Source: PTI Graphics)
By: Press Trust of India | Panchkula | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:03 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 8:19 am
An RSS man, Manohar Lal Khattar toiled on the ground to build the organisation for last four decades till he was handpicked by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to lead the first BJP government in Haryana.
The 60-year-old bachelor, known for his simple lifestyle and clean image, may be a first-time MLA but he has earned himself the reputation of a tough task master with a no-nonsense approach while working behind-the-scenes in key positions in BJP and is admired for organisational skills.
However, it is his proximity with Modi, who himself was a pracharak for Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), that catapulted him to the Chief Minister’s post.
The man, whose parents worked as labourers and who once wanted to be a medico, has become the first Punjabi chief Minister of Haryana and the first non-Jat leader to occupy the post after 18 years.
Known for his political acumen, Khattar played the role of a master strategist and successfully led many electoral campaigns for his party, the latest being 2014 Parliamentary elections in Haryana as chairman of Election Campaign committee.
It was in 1996, when Khattar was actively working in Haryana, that he first began working with Modi, who was then in charge of the state. In 2002, Khattar was given alloted Jammu and Kashmir as the state’s election Incharge.
Notably, Prime Minister Modi started his election campaign for the 2014 Haryana assembly polls by addressing his first rally on October 4 at Karnal, the constituency from where Khattar recorded an emphatic win.
Coming from a humble agricultural background, his family arrived in Haryana from Pakistan post-partition.
They settled at Nindana, a village situated in Haryana’s Rohtak district. To survive, his father and grandfather took up odd jobs as labourers, finally saving enough to start a small shop. It was in Nindana that Khattar was born in 1954.

Oil Ministry to overhaul exploration policy: DharmendraPradhanPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:55 pm
After unveiling major reforms since Bharatiya Janata Party’s storming to power, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan plans to overhaul the exploration policy to attract investors, spur energy output and revive the economy.
In parallel, the Ministry is setting stiff targets for state explorers like ONGC to reverse the declining trend in oil and gas output in recent years as it looks to cut on import dependence.
Pradhan, 45, wants to replace the 15-year old production sharing regime, which has produced more controversies and less oil and gas. Only three out of the 252 blocks given out have come to production stage. The new regime aims to inspire confidence in investors and require minimal government intervention.
“We want to increase ease of doing business in India. Bottlenecks have to be removed, red-tapism cut and investors given confidence so that they can come and invest in oil and gas exploration and production,” he told PTI here.
The focus is on raising domestic oil and gas production beginning with state explorers ONGC and Oil India, who had in the immediate past not met their own stated targets. They have been given a 10 per cent improvement target so as to cut imports, he said.
Top most on priority is monetisation of small and marginal fields lying with ONGC with help of private investment as well as technology, he said.
Natural gas pipeline network in the country will be doubled to 30,000 kilometres by 2019 to expand the reach of environment-friendly fuel. Also, state refineries are being asked to improve efficiencies to become globally competitive even as fuel retailing is opened up for competition.
“We have set priorities and targets at every level – upstream, midstream and downstream. Efficiencies have to improve. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has showed how the same set of people under the same system can deliver better results,” he said.
While the house is set in order, Pradhan wants India, which spent USD 143 billion to import crude oil last year, to diversify its purchases to guard against geopolitical risks in some of the world’s biggest suppliers.
“I met officials from the US recently and asked them to allow oil exports to India. We are keen to import oil from US, which currently does not allow oil exports. We will look at Russia and Latin America too,” he said.
Global oil prices slumping by 25 per cent from about USD 115 for a barrel in June to USD 85 or so, last week emboldened the government to press ahead with politically risky decisions of scrapping controls on diesel prices and raising natural gas tariff for the first time in four years, in a bid to lure investors and revive the economy.
“I consider these as big ticket reforms,” Pradhan said, adding that the government has also announced a 10-point reform of PSC for early monetisation of fields.
For the next licensing round, the experience of nine rounds of New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) where government entered into Production Sharing Contract (PSC) with explorers, like Reliance Industries, will be used.
The PSC regime, where explorer continued…

Why travelling in India can be costlier than trips abroadWhy travelling in India can be costlier than trips abroad
Vietnam keen on Indian participation in oil  gas explorationVietnam keen on Indian participation in oil  gas exploration
Vietnam wants more Indian oil exploration projects in South China SeaVietnam wants more Indian oil exploration projects in South China Sea
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
On the eve of its Prime Minister’s visit here, Vietnam today favoured greater participation by Indian companies in oil and gas exploration projects in South China Sea, a huge source of hydrocarbons, and promised to extend full security to them.
Newly appointed Vietnamese Ambassador Ton Sinh Thanh rejected China’s objection to Indian oil exploration projects in South China Sea, asserting that that his country has the “right” to protect its interests.
“We hope that more oil and gas ventures of India can be done in Vietnam and we will create favourable condition for them,” Ton told PTI.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung will arrive here tomorrow on a two-day visit during which he will hold talks with top Indian leadership on a range of issues, including ways to enhance cooperation in security, defence and energy sector.
The two countries had established strategic ties in 2007.
The Ambassador said all oil exploration projects by India in South China Sea have been within the territorial waters of Vietnam and it will provide “full security” to Indian companies involved in them.
Identifying oil and gas exploration as a key area of cooperation, he indicated signing of a pact between the two countries during the visit of Prime Minister Nguyen.
In November last year, Vietnam had offered India five oil blocks and ONGC Videsh Ltd was looking at them in terms of their feasibility.
Recently, Vietnam had renewed India’s lease of two oil blocks in South China Sea for another year.
China and Vietnam have an acrimonious relationship due to their standoff over South China Sea, a major source of hydrocarbons.
China has been objecting to India’s oil exploration projects in the disputed waters. Both India and Vietnam have been looking at enhancing cooperation in the energy sector.
A Letter of Intent was signed between ONGC Videsh Ltd (OVL) and Vietnam Oil and Gas Group (PetroVietnam) during President Pranab Mukherjee’s visit to that country last month.
The LoI is aimed at further consolidating cooperation between India and Vietnam in the sector as well as to pave the way for future collaboration.
India has been supporting freedom of navigation and access to resources in South China Sea in accordance with the principles of international law, including the 1982 UN Convention on the Law of the Sea.
The Ambassador said the strategic partnership between India and Vietnam was now “better then ever” but noted that there was scope to further enhance cooperation.
“In all areas, the relationship has been developed quite fast and we are happy now and we are ready to go further forward to bring this partnership to higher level,” he said.
Ton said the focus of the visit will be to improve economic engagement between the two countries.
He said Vietnam will ensure “favourable conditions” to Indian investors.
The trade volume between India and Vietnam was recorded at over $seven billion during 2013-14 and plans are afoot to take it to $15 billion by 2020.
Oil and gas cooperation and extension of a $100-million credit by India for defence purchases were among seven pacts inked between India and Vietnam during Mukherjee’s visit to the country last month.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

U.S. Marines  British combat forces officially end Afghan operations  prepare withdrawalU.S. Marines, British combat forces officially end Afghan operations, prepare withdrawal
Reuters
Tweet
CAMP LEATHERNECK, Afghanistan, Oct 26:  
The last U.S. Marines unit and final British combat troops in Afghanistan officially ended their operations on Sunday as they packed up to leave the country and transferred a massive military base to the Afghan military.
The American and British flags were lowered and folded up for the final time Sunday at the regional headquarters of the international military, 13 years after the toppling of the Taliban's radical Islamist regime launched America's longest war.
Camp Leatherneck, in the strategic southern province of Helmand, is the largest U.S. base to be handed over to Afghan control as the coalition ends its combat mission. British forces transferred control of adjacent Camp Bastion at the same time.
The timing of the withdrawal of the troops was not released for security reasons.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Over 400 Lok Sabha members yet to declare assets detailsOver 400 Lok Sabha members yet to declare assets details
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Over 400 Lok Sabha members including Rahul Gandhi, Sonia Gandhi, Lal Krishna Advani and Rajnath Singh have not declared their assets and liability details to the House secretariat as on September 26, according to an RTI reply.
Lok Sabha Secretariat said in reply to an RTI query that the asset details of 401 members were awaited as on September 26.
According to the Members of the Lok Sabha Declaration of Assets Rules 2004, a member is required to declare his assets within 90 days of taking oath.
Lok Sabha MPs who had not submitted the details by that date included Union Ministers Sushma Swaraj, Uma Bharti, Nitin Gadkari, and SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav.
Lok Sabha Secretariat said no communication in this regard was sent to the members until September 26, when the RTI reply was received.
According to the RTI reply, the members included BJP (209), Congress (31), TMC (27), BJD (18), Shiv Sena (15), TDP (14), AIADMK (9) and TRS (8). Seven members were from YSR Congress, six from Lok Janshakti Party and four each from NCP, CPI (M) and SP, three each from Akali Dal, RJD, and AAP, and two each from JD(U) and Apna Dal among others.
Action against the members not submitting their asset details are taken under the Assets and Liability Declaration Rules 2004, Provisions 5 and 6, and the Representation of the People Act 1951, Section 75 (A).
Other MPs who had not yet submitted their details by that date included Harsh Vardhan, Radha Mohan Singh, Anant Geete, Anant Kumar, Ram Vilas Paswan, Amarinder Singh, M Veerappa Moily, Mehbooba Mufti, Upendra Kushwaha, Kiren Rijiju and Supriya Sule
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Clearing of defence deals shows intent of Modi Govt.  says Uday BhaskarClearing of defence deals shows intent of Modi Govt.  says Uday Bhaskar
Business  Latest  Companies  AAIBusiness  Latest  Companies  AAI
Happy New Year : Shah Rukh Khan s Unique Promotional Techniques for  HNY  [PHOTHappy New Year : Shah Rukh Khan s Unique Promotional Techniques for  HNY  [PHOT
Ensure investments get fructified:Assocham to new Haryana govtEnsure investments get fructified:Assocham to new Haryana govt
Drinks with Russian soldiers in LuganskCafé encounter exposes reality of Russian soldiers in Ukraine
Courtney Weaver in Lugansk
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/76bac354-59c2-11e4-9787-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Terror gives way to reflection in CanadaTerror gives way to reflection in Canada
Robert Wright in Ottawa and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a5008f68-5b5d-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nationwide offers its lowest-ever fixed rate© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c128094-5ad0-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Garry Trudeau takes on the GOPBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 24 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
The four Republican senators at the center of “Alpha House.” (Credit: Amazon Studios)
“Doonesbury” creator Garry Trudeau may have been ahead of the curve when he signed up to produce a television show for Amazon’s streaming service. But the series he created, “Alpha House,” which returns for its second season today, is hardly Trudeau’s first foray into political drama.
The comedy about four Republican senators who share a Capitol Hill townhouse continues in the tradition of Lacey Davenport , the “Doonesbury” Republican congresswoman from San Francisco, presidential aspirant Jack Tanner and the fictional MC Rap Master Ronnie , who took the Reagan message to minority voters in 1984. All of Trudeau’s politicians have something in common: they are trying to work out their political identities at a moment when their parties are facing realignment.
“The things that I’m interested in have changed dramatically,” Trudeau explained when he and I sat down to discuss “Alpha House” this summer. “I couldn’t have done ‘Tanner ['88,' his mockumentary about a Democratic presidential hopeful] with Republicans in the late 1980s in a way that I could have figured out that would have been interesting. And conversely, I couldn’t have done ‘Alpha House’ with Democrats. In what sort of bind are they that is dramatically interesting other than the fact that they can’t get anything done? They just come home and be frustrated.”
Trudeau is drawn to moments when political identities reach crisis points, and “Alpha House” is shot through with these faultlines. The first season featured the ramping up of primary season, galvanizing a group of men who were used to not having to work for their seats. As Trudeau puts it, “with these tea party challenges, man, it’s fun to watch!”
The characters have more existential dilemmas to go with the logistics of their reelection campaigns.
Louis Laffer Jr. (Matt Malloy) is plagued by gay rumors and tries to butch up his image on an overseas trip, even though he would rather be home in Washington making sure the townhouse, which he owns, is run smoothly. Gil John Biggs (John Goodman) is a hero because of his record as a college basketball coach but finds himself growing away from his constituents. Robert Bettencourt (Clark Johnson) is a black Republican from Pennsylvania whose defense of his party, particularly on access to the vote, is becoming less viable.
And then there is Andy Guzman (Mark Consuelos), the newest occupant of the house, and a brash freshman senator who does not bother to be coy about his presidential ambitions.
Andy is an irritant as a housemate, claiming a bigger room than his junior status should allow him and moving in his girlfriend, Miami mogul Adriana de Portago (Yara Martinez, channeling Lucille Ball), without asking permission. He is a political and generational challenge to his colleagues as well, a man who skirts the line on campaign finance laws and ethics, as well as in his personal style.
“There are a generation of young firebrands who say ‘Oh, yeah, it’s okay to throw bombs. Why wouldn’t it be okay to throw bombs? That seems perfectly normal to me,’” Trudeau says. “And they’ve grown up with the degraded culture of online conversation, and they’re comfortable with it. I think it’s fun having Andy in the house for that reason. He can’t quite understand why they’re having so many problems. You just adjust! You just pivot!”
These inflection points create opportunities for Trudeau and “Alpha House” to reach some surprising conclusions.
It is fairly common, for example, to lament the way lawmakers grow away from their constituents. But in an episode last season, “Alpha House” suggested that going away from home had actually been a good thing for Gil John. When he went back to his hometown of Ruby Shoals, the barbershop denizens he remembered fondly turned out to be the kind of guys who say unpleasant things about race in front of Gil John’s body man, Hakeem (Bjorn Dupaty).
“He had all these memories of it being a place of decency,” Trudeau says. “I idealize my small town upbringing. I grew up in a town of about 7,000. I don’t have any bad memories of that time. There must have been some, but I’ve edited them out.”
“I grew up in a Republican family and we lived next door to my best friend Peter, whose father was the publisher of the paper and was a Democrat, he worked for Stevenson,” Trudeau continued. “And my mother worked for Eisenhower. It wasn’t that it wasn’t important. It’s just that it didn’t create any tension between us. It didn’t say ‘Well, you’re just real different from me, you have a different worldview.’ So what am I papering over in my memory? What wasn’t I noticing? Or is that a reasonable facsimile of what was actually happening?”
In the second season, “Alpha House” also pushes at the idea that parties can survive as big tents. The Alpha House residents live next door to Democratic senator Rosalyn DuPeche (Wanda Sykes), who often drops by to check in on them. This year, Trudeau says that she has it out with Robert for his attempts to stay in the Republican party.
When Robert faces his first real challenger in some time in former Pennsylvania governor Ed Rendell, making a cameo on the series, “he has to hustle,” Trudeau explains. “And he sees his team working the new voting laws in a way that are pretty horrifying to him. And he’s got to face the reality of what voter suppression has become. . . . He has to come to terms with that, his party is pushing that.”
And “Alpha House” also asks how much politicians can restrain themselves to fit into a public role that is profoundly unnatural.
The wall Louis has built between himself and anything remotely gay acquires some cracks when his beloved staffer Julie (Brooke Bloom) decides to stop hiding her long-term relationship with Andy’s chief of staff, Katherine (Natalie Gold). And Andy’s compulsive womanizing gets in the way of his engagement to Adriana. His profligacy is less an expression of a self-destructive impulse and more an expression of privilege. Andy has gotten away with everything, so why not an affair with his housekeeper?
The “Alpha House” residents have to deal with these tensions and contradictions week to week. But Trudeau is looking forward to the big explosion, and all the political realignments that will come with it.
“In a national election, they’re going to have the Goldwater moment again, and that’s the only thing that can right the ship, I think, is total disaster, if they lose 46 states,” he told me. “You have to get those huge swings before there can be realignment. It was [Barry] Goldwater and then it was [Ronald] Reagan. . . . And [Bill] Clinton’s thinking there’s got to be a third way. It’ll happen.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

IMF introduces floor on interest ratesIMF introduces floor on interest rates
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9b3ea266-5bcc-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections break Dhoom 3 record with Rs 45 cr on Day 1Home
Miscellaneous
Shah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections break Dhoom 3 record with Rs 45 cr on Day 1
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 27 2014, 07:24  IST
Oct 27 2014, 07:24  IST
 

HP Seeks Buyers for H3C Tech in China: ReportAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Hewlett-Packard Co has begun sounding out private-equity firms in China to buy its corporate-networking business in the country, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the situation.
HP is expected to sell at least 51 per cent of the business, H3C Technologies Co, which could be worth roughly $5 billion in a full sale, the business daily said.
HP declined to comment on the report.
The buyer likely needs to be based in China if the deal is to win Chinese government approval, the newspaper reported.
Another Chinese technology company could also buy H3C, a major supplier of corporate data-networking gear in the country, although it is more likely to be sold to a private equity group, the Journal said, without naming any of the potential buyers.
US technology companies such as Cisco Systems Inc, IBM Corp and Microsoft Corp are facing challenges in China due to a backlash after revelations about US government surveillance programs.
HP, which wants to continue using H3C's low-cost manufacturing, may retain a sizable minority stake in the business in any deal, the report added.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Egon Schiele: the Radical NudeEgon Schiele, Courtauld Gallery, London
Jackie Wullschlager
The artist’s nude portraits are even more daring and disturbing than when he created them a century ago
©akg-images/Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest
‘Two Girls Embracing’ (1915)
Is a revolutionary artist more effective when his radicalism becomes the new establishment, or when he remains unnerving?
The story of the 20th-century avant-garde, from Duchamp to Damien Hirst, is of shocks co-opted so quickly by museum endorsement that turbulence is tamed, sensation muted. The only modernist to whom we have not accommodated ourselves in this way is Egon Schiele.
It is not just that there is not a single Schiele in any British public gallery. It is that his raw, expressive nude portrayals of young girls, children and of himself just out of adolescence are today more, not less, disturbing than when he created them in Vienna between 1910 and 1918. This may be why the Courtauld Gallery’s terrific new show of works on paper, Egon Schiele: The Radical Nude, is the first solo UK museum exhibition devoted to the artist.
It is a myth that Schiele was unsuccessful during his lifetime. In 1915 museums were already buying extremely provocative pieces: the gouache/watercolour stunner of a naked lesbian couple with nipples and lips highlighted in lurid red, “Two Girls Embracing”, for example, a highlight of this show, lent by the Szepmuveszeti, Budapest. By 1918, queues of collectors wanted virtuoso drawings such as the dramatically foreshortened “Woman in Boots with Raised Skirt” here, the unbroken economical black crayon line and compressed organisation, focused on a single aggressive staring eye and flash of genitals, achieved with a rushed fluency suggesting an immediate, two-minute encounter between artist and model.
More
More exhibitions including The Infinite World of Dadamaino and Egon Schiele
We know, too, of the steady pre-1914 market for Schiele’s tremulously explicit drawings and watercolours of his fragile-looking young lover Wally Neuzil, distinguished by her widely-spaced eyes, generous mouth, piled-up auburn hair and willingness to adopt frank poses, legs wide open, hands lifting clothes to expose vulva and pubic hair as in “Woman with Black Stockings”. Neuzil herself delivered these to clients whose ribald remarks often reduced her to tears.
Although Schiele moaned that he “certainly didn’t feel erotic” making such drawings, the Courtauld’s excellent catalogue shows how their composition – the framing of penetrable body parts, positioning of hands in relation to genitals, striptease-like juxtaposing of fabric and flesh – derive undeniably from the pornographic photographs pervading Vienna’s visual culture, available in every coffee house, at this time. Child prostitution was also rife, and Schiele employed under-age models – skinny, waif-like, with emaciated arms and claw-like hands – for images that hover between seduction and pathos, such as “Seated Nude Girl with Pigtails”.
©Leopold Museum/Manfred Thumberger
‘Crouching Woman’ (1914)
Another regular model was his younger sister Gerti; aged 17 and 13, the pair ran away together to Trieste, following the route of their parents’ honeymoon. In “Seated Female Nude with Raised Right Arm”, Gerti is half-aware of her blossoming sexuality, half-absorbed merely in adjusting her luxuriant hair. Was Schiele, in the city where Freud was inventing psychoanalysis, engrossed in fantasies about childhood sexuality and incest, or drawing attention to abuse, or colluding with it, or simply pushing expressive realism to its limits? Whatever he was doing, it became more troubling as, in the 20th century, we all became Freudians.
By the 1940s and 1950s there were only a handful of collectors. At the first UK exhibition, at Marlborough Gallery in 1964, Oskar Kokoschka derided its organiser Wolfgang Fischer, “So you’ve been having a show of that little crook, that pornographer”, and the Burlington Magazine said the works resembled “inspired graffiti from some public lavatory”. Collector Benedict Silverman, who a little later displayed his Schieles in his New York penthouse, told me: “No one ever said, ‘Wow!’. People would walk away in distaste. ‘How can you live with these?’ was the response.”
Are we less reticent now? In an era obsessed by underage grooming and fears of childhood under attack from internet porn, I am not sure it is possible to look at Schiele without unease. Indeed, the only parallel I can think of for a great work of art increasingly disturbing us is the fraught responses to Vladimir Nabokov’s Lolita (1955). Yet just as no writer has depicted a vulnerable 12-year-old girl more tenderly than Nabokov, so no painter ever caught the innocent/knowing, awkward/manipulative contradictions of early teenage self-presentation as delicately, heartbreakingly, as Schiele.
©Fine Art Images/Heritage Images
The artist photographed by Anton Josef Trcka in 1914
The drama of emerging self-identity, writer and artist acknowledged, included sexuality, its power, confusion, even tragedy – as in Schiele’s striking, subverted Madonna motif, “Woman with Homunculus”, depicting a young girl casting us a sly, sexual glance as she pulls away in horror from a deformed child attached to her back.
Schiele’s own self-confrontations between 1910 and 1913 are brilliantly orchestrated. In precarious, histrionic poses, he is by turns feverishly animated, as in the frantically scribbled limbs and musculature of the tilted, gyrating “The Dancer”, or stilted and jerky as a puppet or mime, in the Museum of Modern Art’s ravishing “Standing Male Nude with Arms Raised, Back View”.
In the nervous, jagged outlines of “Standing Man”, Schiele is a bony beggar, rags falling off his back; the cadaverous “Self-portrait, Nude”, in muddy rust-browns and ochres, evokes flesh fallen away; arms and legs are truncated. “Nude Self-portrait in Grey with Open Mouth”, where contorted features and parted lips recall the despairing expression of Munch’s “The Scream”, takes the form of a crucified figure, the racked body a code for artistic suffering. No one had depicted the artist as ugly and decrepit before. What is staged, what authentic? This is the truth of the adolescent mind, searching, shifting, adopting extreme positions. But the formal achievement is precociously assured: deft use of colour; intensely articulated contours that make one feel viscerally flesh and sinew.
©Leopold Museum/ Manfred Thumberger
‘Nude Self-Portrait’ (1910)
Although Schiele had an easy war – as a guard in a camp of Russian prisoners, whom he drew – he grew up after 1914; there are fewer tormented self-portraits, and the beginnings of a greater monumentality emerged. The defiantly inelegant view of buttocks and hips, huge in relation to the receding shoulders and tiny bunch of hair, in “Female Nude, Back View”, and the hunched figure carved from a cocoon of emerald and blue drapery in the complex “Crouching Woman with a Green Headscarf”, are magnificently sculptural.
Aged 28, Schiele died in the Spanish flu epidemic of 1918; his final drawings were of his pregnant, dying wife, who predeceased him by three days. Benefiting from top loans, this concentrated show of an arrested genius is among London’s best exhibitions of 2014.
‘Egon Schiele: The Radical Nude’, Courtauld Gallery, London, October 23-January 18, courtauld.ac.uk
Photographs: akg-images/Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest; Leopold Museum/ Manfred Thumberger; Fine Art Images/Heritage Images/Getty Images
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Manohar Lal Khattar sworn-in as Haryana chief minister  first from BJPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nifty May Extend Outperformance Amid Weak Crude  ReformsIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Indian stock markets are likely to extend their winning streak after a holiday-truncated week saw the Nifty gain 3 per cent amid poor volumes and participation.
Weak crude prices and reform measures such as diesel decontrol, gas price hike and opening up of the coal sector to private companies should see Indian equity outperformance continue globally.
One can now say with conviction that Indian markets are "de-coupled" from their global counterparts as far as a secular rally is concerned. The domestic economy is rebounding. Commodity prices are near four-year lows, inflation has hit three-year lows, bond yields are falling, interest rates have peaked and reform measures are coming. All these developments augur well for the economy and stock markets.
The GDP is likely to rise to 6.5 per cent in a years' time. A real GDP between 6-8 per cent with inflation pegged at 6-7 per cent would imply a doubling of the nominal GDP within a five-year time frame. That would mean higher equity market capitalisation too.
Industrial activity is likely to pick up and will not be a drag on GDP like in the past few years. Significant reduction in fiscal and current account deficits are likely to act as tailwinds for the markets. Foreign exchange reserves are slated to improve given the strong FII and FDI flows.
This week, global markets recovered sharply with the Dow Jones making its sharpest weekly rally since January 2013 and gaining 4.1 per cent. Oil continued to weaken as supply/demand mismatch reached its highest levels in recent times. Gold prices also softened this week after seeing their best rally in the last 2 months.
Global markets may continue to be a concern for domestic investors. Europe and China slowdown, geopolitical issues and a hike in interest rates in US could result in some volatility, but they are unlikely to stall the India story.
Recap of last week's performance:
The Nifty gained 3 per cent this week, while the Bank Nifty ended up 3.4 per cent. The star outperformer was the auto sub-index on the NSE, which saw gains of 5.7 per cent amid strong festive sales.
Weaker-than-expected results from IT heavyweights saw tech stocks lagging the market rally. The CNX IT index ended the week up marginally by 0.33 per cent. The rupee was also range bound and fluctuated between 60.75 & 61.3, while the 10 year bond yields also were traded between 8.35-8.45 per cent.
Sanjeev Bhasin is an independent market analyst. The opinions expressed here are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability or validity of any information given here. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing on the blog do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
Story first published on: October 26, 2014 13:28 (IST)

Deals value involving Indian companies touch $4.7 billion in July-SeptemberE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Khattar - firmly rooted to ground  catapulted to top by PM Modi | Sworn in as Haryana CMBJP
( An RSS man, Manohar Lal…)
PANCHKULA (Haryana): An RSS man, Manohar Lal Khattar toiled on the ground to build the organisation for last four decades till he was handpicked by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to lead the first BJP government in Haryana.
The 60-year-old bachelor, known for his simple lifestyle and clean image, may be a first-time MLA but he has earned himself the reputation of a tough task master with a no-nonsense approach while working behind-the-scenes in key positions in BJP and is admired for organisational skills.
However, it is his proximity with Modi, who himself was a pracharak for Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), that catapulted him to the Chief Minister's post.
The man, whose parents worked as labourers and who once wanted to be a medico, has become the first Punjabi chief Minister of Haryana and the first non-Jat leader to occupy the post after 18 years.
Known for his political acumen, Khattar played the role of a master strategist and successfully led many electoral campaigns for his party, the latest being 2014 Parliamentary elections in Haryana as chairman of Election Campaign Committee.
It was in 1996, when Khattar was actively working in Haryana, that he first began working with Modi, who was then in charge of the state. In 2002, Khattar was given alloted Jammu and Kashmir as the state's election Incharge.
Notably, Prime Minister Modi started his election campaign for the 2014 Haryana assembly polls by addressing his first rally on October 4 at Karnal, the constituency from where Khattar recorded an emphatic win.
Coming from a humble agricultural background, his family arrived in Haryana from Pakistan post-partition.
They settled at Nindana, a village situated in Haryana's Rohtak district. To survive, his father and grandfather took up odd jobs as labourers, finally saving enough to start a small shop. It was in Nindana that Khattar was born in 1954.
Before he joined RSS as a full-time 'pracharak' in 1980, Khattar ran a shop in Delhi's Sadar Bazar area and took care of his siblings.
In school, Khattar was at the forefront of all activities and also excelled in academics. Keen to pursue a medical degree, he looked towards applying for colleges, despite his opposition from his father who wanted him to take to farming like the rest of the family.
He borrowed money from his mother and enrolled himself in Rohtak's Neki Ram Sharma Government College. He had become the first member of his family to study beyond Class X.
To prepare for entrance tests to medical colleges, Manohar Lal made his way to Delhi, but then borrowed money from his family to open a shop near Sadar Bazaar in the city. Hard work and determination showed results, Khattar returned the borrowed money to his parents, got his younger sister married, and called his two siblings to Delhi.
He also completed his graduation from Delhi University while simultaneously managing his business activities.
After 14 years of service to the Sangh, Khattar was moved to BJP as party general secretary in Haryana in 1994.
In 1996, BJP allied with Bansi Lal's Haryana Vikas Party (which later merged with Congress) to form the government in the state. However, when Khattar noticed that the alliance was "proving costly" for the party and the government had become unpopular, he favoured withdrawal of support from the government.
BJP then decided to provide outside support to Om Prakash Chautala. Later, this coalition with INLD won all 10 seats in the 1999 parliamentary elections from Haryana, a better outcome than 2 out of 10 seats they had secured in 1998.
 
His tenure as party general secretary established him as a strategist, an able and firm handed administrator, and a man who had a keen sense of the state's politics.
Khattar was also called upon to manage elections in the Kutch district by Narendra Modi in the aftermath of the Bhuj earthquake and the BJP secured three out of six seats. In the recent general elections, Khattar was incharge of 50 wards in Varanasi, Modi's Lok Sabha constituency in Uttar Pradesh.
The first elections held in the then newly created state of Chhattisgarh also saw Khattar's invaluable contribution. He worked in Bastar which traditionally favoured Congress and BJP won 10 out of 12 seats - thus playing a decisive role in bringing BJP to power in the state.
Apart from his crucial role in the party's success in states like Punjab, Haryana and Chhattisgarh, he was given prominent roles in various elections in different states where he always delivered results.
In 2004, Khattar found himself in charge of 12 states, including Delhi and Rajasthan. He then worked under the leadership of the nationally renowned RSS ideologue Balasaheb Apte, who was then heading the Chunaav Sahayak Yojana.

India Among Top 10 Countries in Terms of Expat Quality of LifeIron Ore Imports Surge as Prices Fall
New Delhi: India is among the top 10 countries in the world in terms of expat quality of life, as lower living costs and good perks for families make the country an attractive expat destination, says an HSBC report.
India was ranked ninth on the Expat Explorer overall league table, which was topped by Switzerland, followed by Singapore and China in second and third place, respectively.
Many expatriates (expats) in India said they were able to benefit from cheaper living costs and they find the country a great destination for bringing up a family.
The report noted that many expats in economies like Brazil, Turkey, or India were sent by their company, highlighting a trend for corporations to take advantage of these growth hotspots by relocating their employees abroad.
Interestingly, 60 per cent of expat respondents living in India and China agreed that their host country is getting better as a place to live and work.
Others in the top 10 expat destinations include, Germany (fourth), Bahrain (fifth), New Zealand (sixth), Thailand (seventh), Taiwan (eighth) and Hong Kong (10th).
India was ranked sixth in the 'Raising Children Abroad' league tables. Around 44 per cent of expats said that the cost of raising children in India is lower than in their home country.
Besides raising a family, many expats in India also reported greater savings on everyday expenses and a better work/life balance when compared to their home countries.
However, four in ten expats in India said local work culture was "difficult to get used to".
"India is fun, exciting and varied - and that can sometimes mean challenging too," an expat in India told the survey.
In terms of expat-salaries, Asia dominated the list, with an average annual expat wage of $120,000, way higher than the global average of $92,000.
In terms of top economic concerns for expats, more than a third (35 per cent) said job security posed the greatest risk to their financial wellbeing, followed by the state of the local economy (33 per cent) and the health of the global economy (27 per cent).
When looking at why expats are taking the plunge to move abroad, this year the most frequently cited reason was to improve career prospects.
For those looking for better job prospects, the Middle East remains the place to be. Around two in three expats said they moved to Kuwait, Qatar and Saudi Arabia for better job prospects, the report said.
The study was commissioned by HSBC Expat and conducted by third party research company YouGov, who surveyed 9,288 expats through an online questionnaire.
Story first published on: October 26, 2014 14:28 (IST)

DLF unable to redeem Rs 2500 crore mutual funds due to Sebi s banHi Guest
DLF unable to redeem Rs 2500 crore mutual funds due to Sebi's ban
As DLF is unable to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 2,500 crore in view of Sebi's ban on the largest builder in a case pertaining to its IPO in 2007, MFs have said that the capital market regulator should not enforce all its rules on them. "As a ...

PM invites ideas on key issues ahead of Australia visitPM invites ideas on key issues ahead of Australia visit
Amitabh Bachchan at Kamaal R Khan s "Box Office" Website LaunchAmitabh Bachchan at Kamaal R Khan s "Box Office" Website Launch
PM congratulates Khattar on taking oath as Haryana CMPM congratulates Khattar on taking oath as Haryana CM
Working to recover loans from KFA: Private banksWorking to recover loans from KFA: Private banks
Badal  Abhay Chautala attend Manohar Lal Khattar oath; Hooda  not invitedBadal  Abhay Chautala attend Manohar Lal Khattar oath; Hooda  not invited
7-year-old girl raped; body found with slit throat in Ghaziabad7-year-old girl raped; body found with slit throat in Ghaziabad
Revenue deficit  growing debt: Challenges before BJP-led Haryana govtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Blackmoney: Government to move Swiss with new hope in Hasan Ali caseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Aamir at his quirkiest best in PK trailerLink
1 month 13 days ago, India Movies Editorial
PK, according to the leading lady Anushka Sharma is a 'namuna' with eyes like 'headlights' and ears like 'flying saucers'. Aamir at his quirkiest best
More on India Movies Editorial:
Related Videos

RSS rushes to disown  kill  Nehru articleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

M&A deals value involving Indian cos touch $...Amit Khandelwal
(The total value of such deals…)
NEW DELHI: Total value of mergers and acquisitions involving Indian companies touched $4.7 billion in the July-September quarter of 2014, while most of the transactions were on the domestic front, says a survey.
Global consultancy EY today said M&A activities involving Indian companies are anticipated to gain traction over the coming months on the back of a relatively stable political scenario.
In the July-September quarter, total value of such M&A deals touched $4.7 billion spread across 203 transactions.
"The technology sector dominated the M&A league tables, accounting for 27 deals that reflect a strong focus on services and solutions around healthcare IT," EY said in a statement.
However, in terms of value, it was lower than $5.4 billion seen during the 2013 September quarter even as the number of deals were less at 167.
On a comparative basis, the decline in overall value of transactions "attributable to one mega deal of $2.6 billion in Q3 2013 by ONGC Videsh of a ten per cent stake in Mozambique's Rovuma 1 offshore block," the statement said.
According to EY, if that deal is excluded, the latest September quarter registered an increase of 71 per cent in deal value compared to the year-ago period.
"M&A activity is expected to gather traction over the next few months owing to rising investor confidence that is being fuelled by a relatively stable political scenario," Amit Khandelwal , Partner and National Director ( Transaction Advisory Services ) at EY said.
Among the 203 M&A deals seen in 2014 September quarter, as many as 124 transactions worth around $2.4 billion were on the domestic front.
The total value of such deals touched $1 billion in the three months ended September 2013 and at that time, their count stood at 101.
"This increase in domestic deal activity was due to large number of acquisitions done by Indian companies domestically to drive exponential growth," EY said.
Noting that in July-September quarter, M&A activities were driven by companies' focus to de-leverage and restructure their operations, Khandelwal said this trend is expected to continue, especially in the power and utilities sector.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Haryana: ML Khattar sworn in as first BJP chief ministerML Khattar takes oath as Haryana's first BJP CM
Hitender Rao , Hindustan Times  Chandigarh, October 26, 2014
First Published: 08:24 IST(26/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:05 IST(27/10/2014)
Comments
Manohar Lal Khattar, Haryana's first chief minister from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), took oath at a high-profile event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Panchkula on Sunday.
Manohar Lal Khattar, Haryana’s new chief minister waves to the crowd during his oath taking ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Alongside the 60-year-old former Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) activist, nine ministers -six holding cabinet ranks and three ministers of state (independent charge) - were also sworn in.
Haryana governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath of office and secrecy to Khattar at the Mela Ground in Sector 5 of Panchkula town, adjoining Chandigarh.
Apart from Modi, the high-profile event was attended by some of his cabinet colleagues, chief ministers of BJP-ruled states and RSS leaders.  Senior BJP leaders such as Lal Krishna Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi were also present.
Khattar is the 10th chief minister of the state, which was created November 1, 1966.
It is after 18 years that a non-Jat was sworn in as the Haryana chief minister. Before Khattar, the last non-Jat CM was Bhajan Lal, a Bishnoi. He had been in power from 1991 to 1996.
Since 1996, successive Jat leaders — Bansi Lal of the HVP-BJP, Om Prakash Chautala of the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and Bhupinder Singh Hooda of the Congress — have ruled the state.
The BJP had scripted history in the recently held Haryana assembly elections, winning 47 of the 90 seats in the state that helped the party form the government on its own.  The party's vote share, too, had galloped from 9% to 33%.
The six cabinet ministers sworn-in on the occasion were Ram Bilas Sharma, Abhimanyu, OP Dhankar, Anil Vij, Rao Narvir Singh and Kavita Jain.
The ministers of state (MoS) who were administered the oath of office and secrecy were Bikram Singh Thekedar, Krishan Bedi and Karan Dev Kamboj. They all will hold independent charges.
(L to R) Rambliash Sharma, Manohar Lal Khattar, Anil Vij and OP Dhankar during the oath ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Who is Khattar?
Khattar - a Punjabi - is a sworn bachelor. He has the backup of the RSS and is seen as close to Modi, who endorsed his name for the CM's post in Haryana.
Khattar's selection silenced his critics, who said he lacks administrative experience as well as a popular base.
Khattar, often dubbed an "outsider" by rivals, also outdid the Jat-Punjabi rivalry that runs deep in the northern state.
"The majority view is in favour of having a non-Jat as chief minister," a BJP leader had said earlier.
Khattar, who had been an RSS pracharak for the past 40 years and an active BJP member for more than 20 years, won the Karnal seat with a big margin of more than 63,000 votes in his debut election.
He belongs to Rohtak's Nindana village.
Khattar has worked as an organising secretary in Haryana BJP when Modi was the in-charge of party affairs in the state.
The very fact that the BJP fielded him from Karnal, considered a rather safe seat for the party, gave ample indication of its plans for the Punjabi leader.
Kaptan Singh Solanki, Haryana governor and Manohar Lal Khattar during the oath ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Challenges ahead
The new chief minister has no previous administrative experience. He will have to take care of his greenhorn cabinet team as well.
Khattar, who is known in the BJP circles as a strategist, will be tested for his administrative acumen and the ability to deliver.
All in the stars?
Planetary positions seem to have decided the day and the time of Khattar's oath-taking.
It was evident from the official invite to the swearing-in ceremony, where the time of oath-taking was printed as a precise 11.23am.
"The date and the time seem to have been chosen carefully," said Chandigarh-based astrologer Prem Kumar Sharma, adding: "Tritiya tithi and Anuradha nakshatra fall on October 26, which are quite favourable (star positions)."
Another astrologer said that at the time, Mangal (Mars) would be in lagna (ascendant).
"Mars is a planet of aggression, which shows that the new chief minister would be an assertive individual. During this period, Sun will be in the 11th house, which is a house of gains but associated with enemy planets Venus and Saturn, indicating loss of sheen in governance," said the fortuneteller.
(with IANS inputs)

New rules soon for privatisation of airport ...You are here: Home > Collections
New guidelines soon for privatisation of airport operations
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 02.24PM IST
Tags:
airport operations
(Somasundaram also said…)
HYDERABAD: The Centre is in the process of finalising guidelines for bringing operations and management of some airports under the Public-Private-Partnership model, Civil Aviation Secretary V Somasundaram has said.
These operations are currently under control of Airports Authority of India .
Somasundaram also said that the five airports selected to be developed under "no-frills airports" category would be operational in the next two years.
"That model (under PPP) is mainly developed for the metro cities. The remaining airports are not in metro area. These are in medium cities. For these airports we may need a revised model because we will not have the kind of volume which Mumbai, Delhi or Bangalore have. So we are working on that," Somasundaram said.
"May be within a month we will come out (with the guidelines). It is in advanced stage. We need to change the guidelines for PPP model. Within a month we expect these (guidelines) to be finalised. Then they will call for RFQ," he told PTI during his recent visit to cyclone-hit Visakhapatnam.
Earlier, the Congress-led UPA government had in September last year decided to allow private parties to pick up 100 per cent equity stake in operation and management of the six airports - Chennai, Kolkata, Guwahati, Ahmedabad, Jaipur and Lucknow - through the public-private partnership (PPP) mode.
The move was vehemently opposed by the airports' unions, alleging that it would reduce the already shrinking revenue of the AAI due to the privatisation of country's two busiest airports - Mumbai and Delhi.
A parliamentary panel had last year also opposed privatisation of government airports in the country. However, the present government has reportedly decided to keep airports at Chennai and Kolkata out of the PPP model as of now.
Somasundaram said the present PPP model, developed during 2005 and 2008, is suitable for airports in metro cities.
India has about 130 airports of which 30 are not operational while 56 are with AAI, he said.
Of the remaining, some are with various state governments and defence establishments.
According to him, 86 per cent of the traffic is contributed by 6 airports in metro cities and 12 airports in other major cities.
"Five airports have been identified by the ministry to be developed as no-frills airports. AAI has also awarded contracts for those five airports. They will become operational in two years," Somasundaram explained.
The airports, which have been shortlisted from 50 cities and towns in remote areas and various unconnected regions across the country, would come up at Tezu (Arunachal Pradesh), Kishangarh (Rajasthan), Jharsuguda (Odisha), Hubli and Belgaum (Karnataka), Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju had said earlier.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SBI Home Loans Rocking at Rs. 188 Crore a Day; Targets Rs. 250 CroreYou are here: Home Industries
SBI Home Loans Rocking at Rs 188 Crore a Day; Targets Rs 250 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 26, 2014 15:11 (IST)
Indian Realty Market Sees $4.5 Billion Investment During January-September: CBRE
Mumbai: Country's largest lender State Bank of India has set an ambitious target of disbursing Rs 250 crore of home loans every day during the ongoing festive season, which currently stands close to Rs 200 crore.
After it waived off the processing fee late September as part of its festive offering, the bank is disbursing close to Rs 200 crore home loans every day.
"The home loan disbursement is going up each day. It was Rs 130 crore in the beginning when we scrapped the processing fee. Then it moved up to Rs 150 crore, and then Rs 175 crore, and has now stabilised at Rs 188 crore a day. My target is Rs 250 crore a day," managing director for national banking and group executive B Sriram told PTI in an interview.
Year-to-date, the home loan sanctions stood at Rs 20,032 crore as against Rs 18,500 crore a year ago, he said, constituting around 14 per cent uptick year-on-year.
In percentage terms, the growth is 14-15 per cent year-on- year in the first half, he said, adding, "We are hopeful that it will become 18-20 per cent in the current quarter."
Stating that the bank has not launched any scheme during the festive season but has waived off the processing charges on car and home loans, Sriram said from the last week of September the bank was seeing quite traction on loan queries and disbursals.
On the average ticket size, Mr Sriram said it is improving and it is Rs 30-32 lakh now and the focus is to take it to Rs 50 lakh.
"We are focussing on high value home loans because now almost 80 per cent of our home loans are below Rs 50 lakh. So we are not very much in the above Rs 50 lakh segment. And above Rs 75 lakh we are just 12 per cent. So we need to improve that and have also brought down interest rates on par with the other segment. This is one focus areas now. We need to push the average ticket size to about Rs 50 lakh," Mr Sriram said.
Story first published on: October 26, 2014 15:09 (IST)

European Union doubles assistance to 1 billion euros to combatEbolaBy: Press Trust of India | Berlin | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:45 pm
The European Union has nearly doubled its assistance to combat the raging Ebola virus in West Africa to 1 billion euros.
The heads of state and government of the 28-nation bloc agreed upon the move at their two-day summit concluded in Brussels on Friday.
“EU member nations pledged at the meeting to increase their financial assistance to continue to provide emergency assistance for the population affected by the Ebola epidemic and to support a “sustained, coordinated and increased” effort to curb the spread of the deadly virus,” a joint statement said.
Before providing 1 billion euros (USD 1.26 billion), EU leaders had pledged nearly 600 million euros to pay for medical staff and facilities in the worst affected countries – Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, where some 4,900 people have died of the disease.
In addition to the financial assistance, the EU nations also agreed to increase the deployment of medical and support staff in the affected region.
While expressing their “deep concern” over the continuing spread, the member states said that the scale of the epidemic is a threat not only to the economy and stability of the affected countries, but also to the region as a whole.
They called upon the EU high representative on foreign affairs and the European Commission to develop a package of measures addressing the wider political, security and economic implications of the Ebola crisis in West Africa.
EU member nations and the European Commission pledged to provide appropriate care for international health workers within available resources to receive the treatment they needed, including thorough medical evacuation.
They also agreed on the use of the Emergency Response Coordination Centre to promote the deployment of voluntary health experts.
They shared the view that helping West Africa to cope with the crisis is the best way to prevent a serious outbreak of the disease elsewhere in the world.
However, in the wake of the first confirmed case of Ebola infections in Europe, the state of preparedness within the EU and further efforts to protect EU countries and their citizens must be given top priority, the statement said.
They called for precautionary measures to reduce the risk of contagion, including coordinated preventive actions within the EU such as sharing of information and best practices, training of health professionals and entry screenings if necessary.

401 Lok Sabha members yet to declare assets details401 LS members yet to declare assets details
PTI  New Delhi, October 26, 2014
First Published: 16:05 IST(26/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:50 IST(26/10/2014)
Over 400 incumbent Lok Sabha members, including Rahul Gandhi, Sonia Gandhi, Lal Krishna Advani and Rajnath Singh, have not yet declared their assets and liability details, according to an RTI reply.
Advertisement
Lok Sabha Secretariat said in an RTI query said the assets details of 401 members of Lok Sabha are still awaited.
According to the Members of the Lok Sabha Declaration of Assets Rules 2004, a member is supposed to declare his assets within 90 days of taking oath.
The Lok Sabha MPs who have not yet submitted the assets and liability details include Union ministers Sushma Swaraj, Uma Bharti, Nitin Gadkari, and SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav.
Lok Sabha Secretariat said no communication in this regard was sent to the members until September 26, when the RTI was received.
According to the RTI reply, there are 209 BJP MPs who have not yet submitted their details. There are 31 members from Congress, 27 from TMC, 18 frm BJD, 15 from Shiv Sena, 14 from TDP, nine from AIADMK and eight from TRS. Seven members are from YSR Congress, six from Lok Janshakti Party and four from NCP, CPI(M) and SP each, three members from Akali Dal, RJD, and AAP each, and two each from JD(U) and Apna Dal.
Action against the members who have not submitted their asset details are taken under the Assets and Liability Declaration Rules 2004, Provisions 5 and 6, and the Representation of the People Act 1951, Section 75(A).
Other MPs who have not yet submitted their details include Union minister Harsh Vardhan, Radha Mohan Singh, Anant Geete, Anant Kumar, Ramvilas Paswan, Capt Amarinder Singh, Veerappa Moily, Mehbooba Mufti, Upendra Kushwaha, Kiren Rijiju and Supriya Sule.

Assam:9 killed  more than 20 injured in mishapComments
Nine persons were killed and 24 others injured when a bus fell into a ditch after hitting the railing of a road in Nagaon district of Assam, early on Sunday.
Nagaon district SP, Arabinda Kalita said that the mishap occurred as the driver lost his control over the vehicle.
“The bus was in high speed and the driver lost his control over the vehicle. The bus was traveling from Lakhimpur and its destination was Guwahati. Among the nine dead, five are men and four are women”, said Kalita.
Police said that there were 33 people in the bus. The injured were initially admitted at the Nagaon civil hospital. Later, the eight persons who were critically injured were shifted to the Gauhati Medical College Hospital (GMCH).
The bus was operated by Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC). There were allegations from injured passengers that due to negligence of state emergency ambulance service officials, they reached  the Nagaon hospital about three hours late.
Chief minister, Tarun Gogoi has instituted a probe into the accident and expressed his condolences.

Muslim man arranges cremation of Hindu  sisterPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Rampur | Posted: October 26, 2014 4:38 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 5:24 pm
In a heartwarming display of communal harmony, a Muslim man in a village near here made the arrangements for the cremation of a Hindu widow, whom he treated as his sister and had been supporting for a long time.
The unique story is from Moondha Pandey village, about 10 km from Rampur.
After the death of her husband, Yashodha Devi had been living in a hut with her mother and son in an extremely pitiable condition in Maualagarh in Moondha Pandey, according to reports in the village.
Moved by her ordeal, Aslam Beg of the same village made Yashodra her ‘rakhi sister’ and urged her to treat him as her elder brother.
Thereafter, Aslam arranged a house for Yashodha’s family and even provided her with financial assistance. For 15 years, the two shared the relationship and participated in each other’s festivities, they said.
However, on Saturday, while Aslam was about to go to Yashodha’s house for ‘Bhai Dooj’, she passed away due to illness.
Yashodha’s relatives had planned to cremate her at Maulagarh itself, but Aslam insisted on taking the body to Garhmukteshwar.
Bearing all expenses, Aslam took Yashodha’s body and her relatives to the banks of Ganga in Garhmukteshwar and got her last rites performed there.

The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV passes European Central Bank Comprehensive Assessment ExerciseThe Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV passes European Central Bank Comprehensive Assessment Exercise
Modi congratulates KhattarModi congratulates Khattar
Man held for raping 11-yr-old relativeMan held for raping 11-yr-old relative
ECB fails 25 banks in eurozone health checkECB says banks overvalued assets by €48bn
Claire Jones and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bdcfe20-5cfc-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECB fails 25 banks in eurozone health checkECB says banks overvalued assets by €48bn
Claire Jones and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bdcfe20-5cfc-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chiquita slips from Fyffes graspChiquita slips from Fyffes grasp as Brazil deal looms
Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b2096f00-5b93-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deutsche Bank to set aside further 1bnDeutsche Bank reserves further €1bn for litigation
Alice Ross
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/10c30a6c-5ba1-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian-Origin Heads of Fastest Growing US FirmsTweet
Photo 1 of 6
Six firms founded and headed by persons of Indian-origin are among the 100 fastest-growing businesses located in American cities, according to a list by Fortune and The Initiative for a Competitive Inner City. These are: Detroit, Michigan-headquartered FutureNet Group; Seattle, Washington-based True Fabrications; New York-based InfoPeople Corporation; Compton, California-based Westcoast Trucking, and two Hartford, Connecticut-based firms - Express Kitchens and Star Hardware.

Poor health systems in Asia cause for Ebola alarmThe world's largest outbreak of Ebola has killed 3,865 people out of 8,033 infected so far this year, according to the WHO's latest count.
By: Associated Press | Singapore | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:57 pm
The longer the Ebola outbreak rages in West Africa, the greater chance a traveler infected with the virus touches down in an Asian city.
How quickly any case is detected _ and the measures taken once it is _ will determine whether the virus takes hold in a region where billions live in poverty and public health systems are often very weak. Governments are ramping up response plans, stepping up surveillance at airports and considering quarantine measures. Still, health experts in the region’s less developed countries fear any outbreak would be deadly and hard to contain.
“This is a non-treatable disease with a very high mortality rate. And even a country like the United States has not been able to completely prevent it,” said Yatin Mehta, a critical care specialist at the Medanta Medicity hospital near New Delhi. “The government is trying. They are preparing and they are training, but our record of disaster management has been very poor in the past.”
More than 10,000 people have been infected with Ebola and nearly half of them have died, according to the World Health Organization. The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is the largest ever outbreak of the disease with a rapidly rising death toll in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. There have also been cases in three other West African countries, Spain and the United States.
Early symptoms of Ebola include fever, headache, body aches, cough, stomach pain, vomiting, and diarrhea, and patients aren’t contagious until those begin. The virus requires close contact with body fluids to spread so health care workers and family members caring for loved ones are most at risk.
Asia, home to 60 percent of the world’s population, scores higher than West Africa on most development indexes and includes emerging or developed countries like Singapore, Malaysia, South Korea and Japan. But countries like India, China, the Philippines and Indonesia have vast numbers of poor, many of whom live in crowded slums, and underfunded health systems.
The Philippine government estimates there are up to 1,700 Filipino workers in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, plus more than 100 peacekeeping troops in Liberia. The Department of Health is suggesting a 21-day quarantine period before its citizens leave those three countries, but doesn’t know how it will pay for that, said spokesman Lyndon Lee Suy.
“The DOH is doing its part, but it is downstream, it is on the receiving end,” said Dr. Antony Leachon, president of the Philippine College of Physicians.  “What is important is that Ebola shouldn’t be able to enter. Since we have 10 million migrant workers, we have problems containing that.”
Indonesia has put 100 hospitals that have experience of treating patients suffering continued…

Govt to move Swiss with new hope in Hasan Al...blackmoney
(Agencies including Income…)
NEW DELHI: The renewed vigour to unearth suspected blackmoney of Indians in Swiss bank accounts after a recent meeting of top officials on both sides is expected to initiate final prosecution in one of the most prominent tax crime cases related to Pune-based stud farm-owner Hasan Ali Khan.
Sources privy to the development said Indian authorities will soon communicate with Switzerland seeking a 'final data' of sorts about the purported bank accounts and transactions of Khan and his associates in the banking channels of that country which investigating agencies claimed to have unearthed earlier.
They said some financial documents linking Khan to a global arms dealer will be sent for "validation" to Swiss authorities as the transaction channels reportedly pertain to using the bank routes of the Alpine nation.
"Some information relating to a bank transfer of USD 800 million in accounts and its routing to various other accounts are pending for some years now. The biggest help of the Swiss authorities is required in getting to the bottom of this particular instance," they said.
"The agencies, post the recent successful meeting the two sides, are very hopeful to take the case forward which has been stuck for want of crucial information for the last two-three years," they said.
Sources said the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on blackmoney is also keen to initiate legal action and achieve finality in this case as Khan's alleged tax evasion probe is the only one issue mentioned by name in the Terms of Reference or working directives of this high-powered panel.
"The SIT has issued directions to the I-T department and Enforcement Directorate to get in touch with Swiss authorities for information in this specific case so that penal proceedings can begun in quick time. The money laundering case against Khan is pending trial in a Mumbai court since 2011," they said.
The SIT, they said, has already decided to put on fast track the alleged tax evasion and laundering of funds case against the 60-year-old businessman.
Agencies including Income Tax, Enforcement Directorate and the Economic Offences Wing of the Mumbai Police have already filed their complaints of alleged tax evasion against Khan.
Recently, a three-member team of Indian revenue department officials held a meeting with their Swiss counterparts in Berne to chalk out future cooperation strategies and initiate better coordination in this area.
The visit is seen as successful and one which will give boost to India's efforts on cracking down on blackmoney stashed abroad and illicit funds hoarded in dubious bank accounts overseas including in Switzerland.
The Terms of Reference framed by the Government for the specially constituted SIT headed by former Supreme Court Judge M B Shah mentions Khan's case as an important one to be dealt with.
"All issues relating to the matters concerning and arising from unaccounted monies of Hasan Ali Khan and (his aide Kashinath) Tapurias," it had said.
The businessman, who is under arrest, came under scrutiny from multiple agencies in 2007 which had been probing him and his associates for various charges of money laundering, income tax evasion and violations of the Passport Act for the last seven years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP to take a call on Delhi elections after forming govt inMaharashtraPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:54 pm
A final decision on ending the political uncertainty in Delhi will be taken by the Centre and BJP leadership after government formation in Maharashtra, party’s Delhi unit chief Satish Upadhyay said on Sunday
Dismissing criticism by Congress and Aam Aadmi Party that BJP was “running away” from facing fresh polls in Delhi, Upadhyay said his party was “fully ready” for election as it has continued to enjoy people’s trust across the country.
“Certain decisions will be taken after government formation in Maharashtra. The political situation will be clear soon,” Upadhyay said.
He said announcement of bypolls by Election Commission to  three assembly constituencies in Delhi does not mean that BJP was avoiding facing assembly polls in the city and maintained that it will get a clear majority in case fresh mandate is taken.
“Byelection to three assembly seats is a constitutional requirement. It does not reflect BJP’s views about assembly polls in Delhi. In fact, the Congress and AAP were not ready for polls,” he said.
Sources in BJP said Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) was not in favour of forming a government by BJP by “managing the numbers” and asked the Delhi leadership to prepare for fresh polls.
Upadhyay said BJP’s victory in Maharashtra and Haryana have proved that party maintained its strong popularity among the masses and it was confident of people’s support in Delhi too.
The Election Commission, yesterday, had announced bypolls on November 25 to three assembly constituencies — Krishna Nagar, Mehrauli and Tughlaqabad — which fell vacant after BJP MLAs were elected to Lok Sabha in the general elections.
A number of Delhi BJP leaders said majority of the party workers were fully prepared to face election again.
A senior leader said the party should refuse even if Lt Governor Najeeb Jung invites it to form government.

Working to recover loans from KFA: Private b...Axis Bank
(Third largest private sector…)
MUMBAI: Private sector banks, which have shied away from tagging Kingfisher Airlines chairman Vijay Mallya a 'wilful defaulter' as some key public sector lenders have done, say that they are exploring "all options" to recover their loans.
At least two banks, the third largest private sector lender Axis Bank and the south-based Federal Bank, have said they have not classified KFA, Mallya and his senior officials as wilful defaulters.
"We have not classified them as wilful defaulters as yet," Axis Bank executive director in charge of corporate banking V Srinivasan said.
The exposure, declared as bad loan long time back, is very small, he said, adding that the bank had an exposure of Rs 50 crore to the airlines that has not flown since October 2012.
Its peer Federal Bank has also not declared the liquor baron Mallya as "a wilful defaulter", the bank's managing director and chief executive Shyam Srinivasan said.
The bank is engaged in negotiations with the airline and is considering "all options" of recourse to recover its outstanding, he said.
The bank has been able to recover around 12 per cent of its total exposure of Rs 90 crore till now, he added.
Country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank had sold its Rs 430-crore exposure to an arm of the Kolkata-based Srei Infrastructure Finance. The status on that exposure, which reportedly had the best of collaterals, is not immediately known.
The wilful defaulter tag, dreaded by the industry, is designed to impact the top management's ability to raise any loan in the future, even in the case of other companies where they hold directorships.
The troubled United Bank of India, Punjab National Bank (PNB), State Bank of India and IDBI , usually criticised for lax approach, have declared Mallya and company's directors Ravi Nedungadi, Anil Kumar Ganguly and Subash Gupte as "wilful defaulters" since August.
The process was challenged by the company at various High Courts, and bankers are now confused about the legal position as different higher courts have given different views on Mallya's petition.
While the Calcutta HC approved the United Bank's action of declaring him a wilful defaulter, a similar action by PNB was stayed by the Delhi HC.
A consortium of 17 banks, led by SBI, has a Rs 7,600 crore exposure to Kingfisher, which has been declared as non- performing asset and has led to public outcry against the bankers for tardy diligence which led to the defaults.
Since recalling the KFA loan in February 2013, banks could so far recover around Rs 1,000 crore by selling pledged shares. The banks have now only the around Rs 90-crore Kingfisher Villa in Goa and the around Rs 150-crore Kingfisher House as collaterals with them.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) favours lifting cap on agent feesInsurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) favours lifting cap on agent fees
Fishermen in Vizag reel under aftermath of cyclone HudhudFishermen in Vizag reel under aftermath of cyclone Hudhud
Sundar Pichai Gets New Designation at Google; Will he Become Next CEOSundar Pichai Gets New Designation at Google; Will he Become Next CEO
Bank of France: All French Banks But One Pass Stress TestsBank of France: All French Banks But One Pass Stress Tests
Poland says two banks had slight capital shortfalls  have since increased capitalPoland says two banks had slight capital shortfalls  have since increased capital
Commerzbank assets take 1.5 billion euro hit at end-2013 in ECB testCommerzbank assets take 1.5 billion euro hit at end-2013 in ECB test
Prime Minister praises Hrithik for taking part in  Swachh Bharat  campaignPrime Minister praises Hrithik for taking part in  Swachh Bharat  campaign
SBI home loans raking in Rs 188 cr a day; targets Rs 250 crSBI home loans raking in Rs 188 cr a day; targets Rs 250 cr
Last Minute Halloween Costumes Guaranteed To Impress Your High Brow Friendsreddit
We don't know how it happened, but here we are again, just days away from Halloween. If you have yet to find that perfect costume -- you know, the one that makes you seem clever, carefree, and creative all at once -- we're here to help.
We've combed the arts and culture corners of the web to find the best potential Halloween looks for the highest of high brow disciples out there. Let us know if you have any costume contributions of your own in the comments.
1. Yayoi Kusama's "Happenings"
Why: Kusama is the queen and that is all.
What you need: A bodysuit covered in polka dots to express how we can obliterate ourselves and join the infinity of the universe. You can probably get one at American Apparel.
2. Paul McCarthy's Butt Plug Sculpture
Why: McCarthy's inflatable sculpture with a suspicious resemblance to an anal sex toy was recently endorsed by France’s chief of state , so it's good enough for you!
What you need: An all black ensemble and a classy green butt plug to stick on your head.
3. Miranda July
Why: We basically wish we were July 365 days a year. This one night will have to suffice for now.
What you need: The Miranda haircut. The Miranda handbag. The Somebody app , which you will be using all night to really freak people out.
4. Shia LaBeouf's 'Performance Art' Meltdown
Why: This celebrity tribute is certainly cheap and moderately relevant.
What you need: A brown paper bag reading "I am not famous anymore." A suit. A mediocre understanding of basic art school jargon.
5. Naked Jeff Koons
Why: If you have a hankering to dress as something sexy this Halloween, NSFW Jeff (preferably pumping iron) definitely gets our vote.
What you need: A nude body suit. Fake muscles. Perhaps a strategically placed balloon dog.
6. Francisco de Goya's "Saturn Devouring His Son"
Why: You think ghosts make for a scary costume? This will have children screaming in terror.
What you need: A decapitated naked doll, a gnarly beard and crazy eyes.
7. Hedwig (and her Angry Inch)
Why: This Tony award winning ensemble gives you permission to climb, kick and sing on everything.
What you need: A blonde wig, Daisy Dukes, fishnets and lots and lots of glitter. (Seriously, pile it on.)
8. Mike Kelley's "Deodorized Central Mass with Satellites"
Why: Pay homage to the Stedelijk Museum's Mike Kelley retrospective -- that showed at MoMA PS1 and MOCA earlier this year -- while conveniently donning an orgy of stuffed animals.
What you need: Bundles of color coded stuffed animals and the energy to explain repeatedly that you're an artwork, not a zoo.
9. Grant Wood's "American Gothic"
Why: Couples costume! This American classic is easy to pull of and instantly recognizable.
What you need: A date, overalls, a pitchfork, and a serious visage.
Bonus idea: Gothic American Gothic, because why not bust out the black lipstick?
10. FKA Twigs
Why: The alien songstress is so hot right now -- and incorporating her style inspiration into your permanent wardrobe certainly couldn't hurt.
What you need: Septum ring, weave, Google glass, bare midriff and your best interpretation of her technologically savvy goddess attire. (Robert Pattinson optional)
11. Banksy
Why: You're really lazy. Like, seriously lazy.
What you need: A hoodie, a spray can and some voice changer software, if you're feeling extravagant.
Bonus idea: Turn Banksy into Hanksy with a creepy Tom Hanks mask.
12. Sandro Botticelli's "The Birth Of Venus"
Why: Lady Gaga channeled this iconic classic in her "Applause" video and it's an artsy excuse to show some skin.
What you need: Long hair, a shell, a nude body suit (or not).
13. Abbi and Ilana from Broad City
Why: Don't try to tell us they aren't art. THEY ARE ART, people.
What you need: For Abbi: A Solstice "Cleaner" tee and a Bed, Bath and Beyond bag. For Ilana: Napkin as a shirt and a fat blunt (where it is, we won't ask.)
14. Stevie Nicks
Why: Because Ms. Nicks is the only woman on earth who can pull off an exhibition of selfies and make us worship her all the more.
What you need: Gypsy garb. A blonde wig. A shawl. A polaroid camera.
15. Tracey Emin's "My Bed"
Why: The work sold for £2.2 million this July. And it's basically the artsy equivalent of covering yourself in garbage.
What you need: Bedsheets (potentially stained with bodily fluids and menstrual blood.) Condoms. Cigarette packets. Towel, stockings, vodka, slippers -- whatever you have lying around. A £2.2 million price tag.
16. Bettie Page
Why: The pin-up heroine will always be one of the baddest broads in the game.
What you need: Lingerie. A whip. Your best go at curved bangs (be careful!)
17. Matisse's Cut-outs
Why: Everyone and her mother (especially her mother, actually) is kvelling over the Matisse cut-out show at MoMA.
What you need: Construction paper, scissors and your valiant attempt at drawing with color.
18. Bjork
Why: Between her teaching curriculum and her upcoming MoMA retrospective , this is the year of Bjork.
What you need: Giant rainbow afro wig. Blue eyeshadow. Nordic symbol arm tattoo. The power of the cosmos in your girlish giggle.
19. Lady Jaye & Genesis BREYER P-ORRIDGE
Why: Because a more badass BFF or couples costume does not exist.
What you need: Matching breast implants. A conjoined identity. The ability to turn life into performance.
20. Hatsune Miku
Why: She's the world's first virtual pop star. And she may be taking over the world.
What you need: A blue wig. Sexy schoolgirl outfit. The potential to appear and disappear in a flash.
21. Nam June Paik
Why: You love the internet. But mostly, you really want to be the cleverest (and heaviest) person at the party.
What you need: Lots of vintage television sets (or cardboard boxes), a happy face, superhuman strength.
Also on HuffPost:

Peer pressure on small bank loan sectorSmaller bank loan sector set to face rising peer pressure
By Matthew Vincent
El-Erian’s investment indicates where he sees next big disruption in financial sector
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4149a25c-5b85-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rashtriya Ispat Nigam to Resume Cyclone-Affected Production in a WeekAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Visakhapatnam: Almost two weeks after its operations were badly hit by cyclone Hudhud, Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited (RINL) is all set to resume production in all its units and scale up volumes close to normal levels in about a week's time, a top company executive said here on Saturday.
"Critical units like Coke Ovens and Blast Furnaces have all been revived and production commenced from Sinter Plant and Steel Melt Shop (SMS) as well," a company release quoted RINL chairman and managing director P Madhusudan as saying.
"To scale up the production and to start the Rolling Mills, RINL is in the process of strengthening the power supply line from State Grid."
He also said the resumption of production at RINL, the corporate entity of Visakhapatnam Steel Plant (VSP), is possible due to concerted efforts of employees.
"The VSP collective worked hard for the revival of production and greenery at Vizag Steel Plant which was badly hit by the cyclone on October 12," the release said.
The CMD also lauded Vizag Steel fraternity for celebrating Diwali modestly in view of the devastation caused by the cyclone.
Story first published on: October 25, 2014 19:35 (IST)

This Brand Grew More Than Google  Apple in a YearYou are here: Home Corporates
Facebook Pips Google, Apple in Global Brand Growth Ranking
NDTV | Written By: Sandeep Saib | Updated On: October 25, 2014 14:34 (IST)
Aviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
Facebook has jumped 23 positions this year in a ranking of the best brands around the globe with tech giants Apple, Google and Microsoft in the top five. Even with the iPhone maker leading the list for the second straight year, and Facebook far away at the 29th spot, the popular social networking player has outshined all other names in the list in terms of brand value growth.
Facebook saw the maximum year-on-year increase in brand value, according to the 2014 Best Global Brands report by Interbrand, a New York-based consultancy.
Brand value, which is estimated as the premium its customers are willing to pay as compared to its generic equivalent, of the social networking giant is $14.34 billion, says Interbrand. This is a whopping 86 per cent higher than the $7.73 billion in the 2013 edition of the report. ( See the ranking here )
The consultancy describes the "top riser" Facebook as "probably the first brand that comes to mind for most consumers when they hear the term 'social media'".
"Even though Facebook's user base growth has slowed down, innovations in ad format and delivery, and of course, its success in unlocking mobile revenue, have accelerated the company's growth," Interbrand says.
Menlo Park, California-based Facebook is headed by Mark Zuckerberg, who also features in a Forbes list of the youngest billionaires of America.
Second to Facebook in terms of brand value growth is German carmaker Audi, whose brand value is up 27 per cent at $9.8 billion. Audi is followed by e-tailing behemoth Amazon (25 per cent), Volkswagen (23.4 per cent) and Nissan (22.9 per cent).
Apple remained at the top with a 21 per cent increase in brand value at $118.9 billion. Coca-Cola, which had remained at the No. 1 position for at least 12 straight years, was pushed to the third spot in the 2013 edition of the Best Global Brands report by the iPhone maker along with Google.
Besides, Chinese telecom equipment maker Huawei was the only new tech entrant in the Best Global Brands ranking this year. Interbrand estimates its brand value at $4.3 billion.
"Best Global Brands is the definitive list of the world's most valuable brands," the brand consultancy says on its website.
"Since we opened for business in 1974, we have changed the way the world sees branding: from just another word for 'logo', to a business's most valuable asset, to business strategy brought to life."
Story first published on: October 25, 2014 11:38 (IST)

Wall Street Week Ahead: Look to Energy Names for Global Demand CluesIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
New York: Slumping energy shares drove the recent US stock market selloff more than any other major group, so investors are turning to next week's slate of earnings to see if the sector can pull itself out of the pit.
The third-quarter earnings picture for energy looks grim. Profit growth expectations for S&P 500 energy companies have fallen more than any other sector - from a forecast of 13.8 per cent on July 1 to the current 1.8 per cent, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Energy shares dropped 9.2 per cent in the third quarter, and the sector is on track for a decline of 3.6 per cent for 2014 - the weakest performance of any S&P 500 sector.
The decline has followed a sharp drop in oil prices, dragged down by weakening global demand and a rising dollar. With various names due to report next week, including Exxon Mobil, Chevron, ConocoPhillips and National Oilwell Varco, there are hopes that executives will suggest that the fall in oil and share prices has overstated the outlook for these names.
"It isn't just about these particular companies. What they have to say is an important factor for the entire global demand story," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial, based in Newark, New Jersey.
"All the market has been looking for is less bad news."
The energy sector over the last 20 weeks has spiraled from being the market leader to now ranking as its most distant laggard, according to a Relative Rotation Graph study, which analyses the relative performance of the constituents of an index.
The S&P energy sector up about 6 per cent from October 15, while the S&P 500 is up 5.5 per cent from its October 15 low and the benchmark index on Friday posted its best weekly gain since early January 2013.
Some analysts expect demand from North American energy and construction industries to boost performance for some in the sector going forward, even with peaks in activity in North Dakota and other areas.
And with profit estimates down for energy, its price-to-earnings multiple is among the lowest for S&P 500 sectors, at 14.3 times estimates earnings, Thomson Reuters data showed.
"Sure these oil companies may have some price pressure...but longer term, many of them are going to be just fine," said Robert Lutts, chief investment officer at Cabot Money Management in Salem, Massachusetts.
Still, estimates for the fourth quarter and 2015 so far show an even bigger decline in energy's profit outlook.
S&P 500 energy earnings now are expected to decline 4.3 per cent in the fourth quarter, which is down from a July 1 forecast for 10.4 per cent growth, Thomson Reuters data showed.
For 2015, profit growth for the sector is estimated at 1.8 per cent - the weakest of any sector. That compares with a forecast of 11.1 per cent growth for the entire S&P 500, Thomson Reuters data showed.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: October 25, 2014 19:37 (IST)

US strikes pound ISIS militants as Iraqi Kurds prepare to join fightUS strikes pound ISIS militants
AFP
MURSITPINAR, Turkey, October 26, 2014
First Published: 09:31 IST(26/10/2014)
United States-led warplanes have bombarded the Islamic State (also known as ISIS, or ISIL) group with new air strikes as heavily armed Iraqi Kurdish fighters were on Sunday readying to reinforce the besieged Syrian border town of Kobane.
   
Kurdish forces, backed by US air power, have been holding out for weeks against an Islamic State (IS) offensive around Kobane, which has become a high-profile symbol of efforts to stop the advance of the jihadists.
Militants of Islamic State stand just before explosion of an air strike on Tilsehir hill near Turkish border on Thursday at Yumurtalik village. AFP Photo  
The Kurdish regional government in northern Iraq unveiled plans on Friday for up to 200 well-trained peshmerga to join Syrian Kurdish forces defending Kobane in the coming week.
   
Kurdish news agency Rudaw said the first contingent could head to the town as early as Sunday, but there was no immediate confirmation of that timetable.
   
Since Turkey conceded to US pressure to allow vetted reinforcements into Kobane to prevent IS winning the prominent battle for the town, the jihadists have made repeated attempts to cut the border before any help can arrive.
   
Before dawn on Saturday, IS fighters hit Kurdish forces defending the Syrian side of the border crossing with mortar and heavy machinegun fire, an AFP correspondent on the Turkish side reported.
   
The heavy mortar fire around the Mursitpinar crossing prompted the Turkish army to order the evacuation of nearby hilltops from where the world's press has been watching the battle for the town.
   
The US-led military coalition fighting IS launched 22 air strikes in Iraq and one in Syria on Friday and Saturday, the Pentagon said.
   
Eleven of the bombings in the heavy barrage targeted IS units, buildings, positions and vehicles near Iraq's strategic Mosul Dam.
   
Advance guard ready
   
Kurdish forces backed by US air strikes on Saturday retook the town of Zumar northwest of Mosul from IS after weeks of fighting, a senior officer said.
   
IS still holds significant areas in northern Iraq and elsewhere in the country, as well as swathes of neighbouring Syria.
   
The Kurdish news agency said an initial peshmerga contingent of 150 was ready to leave for Kobane and would be headed by Sihad Barzani, brother of Iraqi Kurdish regional president Massoud Barzani and head of its artillery brigade.
People watch smoke from an airstrike by the US-led coalition rising outside Kobani, Syria, from a hilltop on the outskirts of Suruc, at the Turkey-Syria border, Thursday. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. AP Photo    
It cited peshmerga officials as saying that an additional 1,000 Iraqi Kurdish fighters would follow.
   
Rudaw quoted a senior peshmerga officer as saying that the Iraqi Kurdish forces would deploy with heavy weapons, but that undertakings had been given to both Ankara and Washington that they would not be handed over to Syrian Kurdish forces.
   
"Our enemies in Kobane are using heavy weapons and we should have heavy weapons too," he said.
   
The main Syrian Kurdish fighting force in Kobane has close links with the outlawed rebel Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which has fought a three-decade insurgency in southeastern Turkey.
   
Ankara has been adamant that no heavy weaponry should fall into its hands.
   
Turkey has tightly controlled the flow of both fighters and weapons to Kobane, and has accepted only Iraqi Kurdish or Syrian rebel reinforcements for the town.
   
Washington delivered light weapons to the town's Kurdish defenders last weekend, but was forced to do so by air after Ankara refused deliveries by land.
   
The Turkish government has been one of the leading supporters of the rebel Free Syrian Army (FSA) in its more than three-year civil war with the Damascus regime, and has proposed allowing in 1,000 of its fighters into Kobane.
   
But Syrian Kurdish officials inside the town have expressed reservations about the Turkish plan, saying that any deployment must have their approval and that FSA forces would be better used opening new fronts against IS elsewhere.
   
Pilgrimage threat
   
Washington has expressed new confidence that Kobane's fall to IS can be averted, but has cautioned that in neighbouring Iraq a major fightback against the jihadists is still months off.
   
Iraqi government forces have come under renewed attack by IS south of Baghdad, with troops battling on Saturday to secure the route used by hundreds of thousands of Shiite pilgrims headed for the shrine cities of Najaf and Karbala.
   
Eight soldiers were killed in the assault by IS militants which began in the Jurf al-Sakhr area on Friday, officers said.
   
Senior US administration officials and military commanders acknowledged in recent days the Iraqi army is months away from any sustained counter-offensive that could roll back the IS from its strongholds in Iraq's western and northern provinces.
   
Pilgrims taking part in Ashura commemorations, which mark the death of Imam Hussein, one of the most revered figures in Shiite Islam, are often targeted with bombings during the annual rituals, which take place this month.
   
But this year's march to Karbala is set to be more dangerous than most, with militants from IS holding territory along the way.

Radiation therapists: Bonding with patients helps make treatment less stressful0
While the job is highly technical, there's an equally important psycho-social component, Mallett said. Since radiation therapists see patients daily throughout their treatment, "a big part of the job is monitoring and assessing the patients (psychological needs) and providing support for them and their families."
Most radiation therapists work in hospitals and private clinics, Mallett said. However, there are opportunities to transition into education, administration and industry.
Candidates must complete a radiation therapy training program, typically lasting one to two years. The minimum educational requirement is an associate degree, but the majority of applicants to the Northwestern program have a bachelor's degree or are post-baccalaureate candidates. With 30-40 applicants per year, and at most, eight students are accepted, "it is rather competitive," Mallett said.
In addition to classroom work, all candidates must complete a clinical internship in a hospital or cancer center, said Jeffrey Papp, program director of radiation therapy at the College of DuPage , They observe treatments and help veteran therapists administer treatments. Before graduating, students treat patients under supervision.
Before starting work, grads must pass a national certification exam administered by the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists and obtain a state license.
The 14-month radiation therapy program at Northwestern Memorial Hospital blends clinical and classroom coursework. The hospital is the main clinical site, but students also do clinical rotations at Rush University Medical Center and Northwestern Lake Forest Hospital.
"I believe it takes a really special person to be a radiation therapist," Mallett said. "The first thing I look at is character and personality. Technical skills can be taught, but personality and character are exceptionally challenging to shape and modify. People considering a career in radiation therapy need to be warm and compassionate. They need to be team-oriented and truly enjoy working with people."
After completing the COD program, Garafolo received more specialized training on the job. He also earned a Proton Therapy Specialist Certificate through Ivy Tech Community College, Bloomington, Ind.
A typical treatment involves administering radiation five days per week for 6-8 weeks, so therapists see the same patients regularly.
"I've developed countless relationships with many of my patients that I will forever remember and cherish," Garafolo said. He's treated patients of every age, including babies.
The job can be bittersweet. Many patients are fighting for their lives, and "unfortunately, this fight is a journey that is not always won," he said.
Still, there are celebrations. Every Wednesday at the Proton Center, there's a graduation ceremony in the lobby for patients finishing radiation that week. There are refreshments, and friends and family attend. Each patient gets a diploma, a card signed by their care team and a "challenge coin" engraved with a graduation number.
"It's a constant reminder of why we do it, what we do, each and every day," Garafolo said. "I thoroughly enjoy this day, as I get to see my patients wipe most of their stress and fears away.
"For me, the best part about being a radiation therapist is having my patients come back to see us for follow-up, cured of their disease, and happy to have another chance at life."
Demand and chances for advancement good
Between 2012 and 2022, employment of radiation therapists is expected to grow 24 percent, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. More therapists are needed to service an aging population with a higher risk of cancer.
Radiation therapists perform tests, explain treatment plans, maintain patient records and administer radiation treatments for cancer and other diseases.
In the course of their work, they also answer patients' questions about treatment, monitor medical equipment to make sure it's working correctly, do x-rays, check computer programs to make sure the right dose of radiation is given in the proper area of the patient's body, and monitor patients for unusual reactions to treatment.
Radiation therapists are part of a treatment team, including radiation oncologists, physicians who specialize in radiation therapy; oncology nurses, registered nurses who specialize in caring for patients with cancer; and radiation physicists who calibrate the linear accelerators used for treatment.
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, there were 19,100 radiation therapists nationwide in May 2012. Most work in hospitals, the offices of physicians and outpatient facilities.
Most radiation therapists earn an associate's or bachelor's degree in radiation therapy. These programs include courses in radiation therapy procedures and the scientific theories behind them. Other typical subjects include human anatomy and physiology, physics, algebra, computer science and research methodology.
In most states, radiation therapists are required to be licensed, but requirements vary by state. To become licensed, radiation therapists must graduate from an accredited radiation therapy program and be certified by the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists.
To become ARRT-certified, a worker must finish an accredited radiation therapy program, adhere to ARRT ethical standards and pass the ARRT certification exam. This test covers radiation protection and quality assurance, clinical concepts in radiation oncology, treatment planning, treatment delivery, and patient care and education.
According to the BLS, the median annual wage for radiation therapists in May 2012 was $77,560. The lowest 10 percent earned less than $51,720, while the top 10 percent took home more than $113,810.
Most radiation therapists work full-time, and because radiation procedures are typically planned in advance, the job offers a regular work schedule.

Air India Evaluating Leasing Fuel-efficient Airplanes: ReportAviation Regulator Acts Tough Against Troubled SpiceJet: Report
New Delhi: Aiming at taking growing competition head-on, Air India is evaluating leasing fuel- efficient airplanes like Airbus A-320 neos for itself and Boeing 737 Max for its subsidiary Air India Express over the next three to six years.
While the national carrier would be getting its 18th Boeing 787 Dreamliners in December, it has already started exploring options to lease A-320 neos (New Engine Option) aircraft into its fleet after 2017.
Airline officials said they were looking at leasing the neos by 2017 onwards.
Earlier this month, no-frill carrier IndiGo placed the largest order for 250 of these neo planes which the European aircraft manufacturer Airbus claims to be fuel-efficient estimating that it can save fuel up to 15 per cent. The A-320 neos have a seat capacity of 238.
The officials said Air India was also considering leasing Boeing 737 Max, the new generation fuel-saving aircraft, for its subsidiary Air India Express.
The airline plans to lease them by 2020, though the first of these aircraft is scheduled for delivery in 2017.
On its financial parameters, the Air India officials said these have shown improvement in the first six months of this financial year with the airline's network revenue recording an 11 per cent growth.
The national carrier registered an 11 per cent growth in network revenue at Rs 8,114 crore between April and September, up from Rs 7,289 crore reported during the same period last year.
The airline was able to achieve this despite the period being a lean season when most airlines report a decline in the number of passengers carried, the officials said.
The passenger load factor at 73.5 per cent on domestic and 74.8 per cent on international sectors exceeded the target of 73 and 74 per cent respectively, thus increasing the yields at a time of stiff competition posed by the no-frill carriers and their low fare offers, they said.
During April-September, 89 per cent of Air India's domestic flights met their variable costs as compared to the same period previously. This meant that these flights were able to meet their fuel costs and handling and navigational charges, the officials said.
Story first published on: October 26, 2014 15:21 (IST)

Uddhav Thackeray not attending PM s high tea party as he is not MP: Shiv SenaUddhav Thackeray not attending PM s high tea party as he is not MP: Shiv Sena
Nine Italian banks fail EBA stress testsDownload
Monte dei Paschi shares tumble 20%
Sam Fleming, Martin Arnold and Arash Massoudi in London, James Politi in Milan, and Claire Jones and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cef31d5c-5cfe-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Week Ahead: Nifty May Extend Outperformance Amid Weak CrudeIVRCL Allots First Tranche of Shares to CDR Lenders
Indian stock markets are likely to extend their winning streak after a holiday-truncated week saw the Nifty gain 3 per cent amid poor volumes and participation.
Weak crude prices and reform measures such as diesel decontrol, gas price hike and opening up of the coal sector to private companies should see Indian equity outperformance continue globally.
One can now say with conviction that Indian markets are "de-coupled" from their global counterparts as far as a secular rally is concerned. The domestic economy is rebounding. Commodity prices are near four-year lows, inflation has hit three-year lows, bond yields are falling, interest rates have peaked and reform measures are coming. All these developments augur well for the economy and stock markets.
The GDP is likely to rise to 6.5 per cent in a years' time. A real GDP between 6-8 per cent with inflation pegged at 6-7 per cent would imply a doubling of the nominal GDP within a five-year time frame. That would mean higher equity market capitalisation too.
Industrial activity is likely to pick up and will not be a drag on GDP like in the past few years. Significant reduction in fiscal and current account deficits are likely to act as tailwinds for the markets. Foreign exchange reserves are slated to improve given the strong FII and FDI flows.
This week, global markets recovered sharply with the Dow Jones making its sharpest weekly rally since January 2013 and gaining 4.1 per cent. Oil continued to weaken as supply/demand mismatch reached its highest levels in recent times. Gold prices also softened this week after seeing their best rally in the last 2 months.
Global markets may continue to be a concern for domestic investors. Europe and China slowdown, geopolitical issues and a hike in interest rates in US could result in some volatility, but they are unlikely to stall the India story.
Recap of last week's performance:
The Nifty gained 3 per cent this week, while the Bank Nifty ended up 3.4 per cent. The star outperformer was the auto sub-index on the NSE, which saw gains of 5.7 per cent amid strong festive sales.
Weaker-than-expected results from IT heavyweights saw tech stocks lagging the market rally. The CNX IT index ended the week up marginally by 0.33 per cent. The rupee was also range bound and fluctuated between 60.75 & 61.3, while the 10 year bond yields also were traded between 8.35-8.45 per cent.
Sanjeev Bhasin is an independent market analyst. The opinions expressed here are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability or validity of any information given here. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing on the blog do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
Story first published on: October 26, 2014 13:28 (IST)

By-election loss sparks conflicts in BJP  CongressBy-election loss sparks conflicts in BJP  Congress
US and UK end Afghan operationsLast updated: October 26, 2014 1:08 pm
UK forces and US Marines end Afghanistan combat operations
Victor Mallet in New Delhi and May Jeong in Kabul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/80d160a2-5cf4-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pressure on Seoul to pass anti-graft billa© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b54fb528-3fd9-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vaiko demands rollback of milk price hike by JayalalithaaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Har CM Khattar holds first meeting with state officialsHar CM Khattar holds first meeting with state officials
Kobane ground fighting toll tops 800: monitorKobane ground fighting toll tops 800: monitor
All Major Banks in Nordic Region Pass European Stress TestsAll Major Banks in Nordic Region Pass European Stress Tests
PM Modi lauds Hrithik s  Swachh Bharat  initiativePM Modi lauds Hrithik s  Swachh Bharat  initiative
French banks pass health check except covered bond issuer CRHFrench banks pass health check except covered bond issuer CRH
Netaji deputy  Nehru aide was Soviet spy: British documentsA deputy of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, an "old friend" of Nehru, has been described as a Soviet spy.
London | Posted: October 25, 2014 10:57 pm
A deputy of freedom fighter Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, an “old friend” of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru and a former Indian ambassador, A C N Nambiar, has been described as a Soviet spy.
According to documents declassified under the 30-year-rule at the National Archives here, Nambiar went to Berlin in 1924 as a journalist and worked with the Indian communist group, visiting Moscow as a Soviet “guest” in 1929.
“On the outbreak of the Second World War Nambiar was expelled from Germany but later allowed to return as Subhash Chandra Bose’s deputy in Berlin. Nambiar became the German-financed leader of the Free India Movement in Europe when Bose moved to the Far East to join the Japanese.
“He was also concerned with the Indian Legion, composed of Indian prisoners of war, which in 1944 was absorbed by the SS,” an archive release said in a statement.
Arathil Candeth Narayan Nambiar was arrested in Austria in June 1945 and interrogated as a Nazi collaborator.
After the war, he worked as counsellor at the Indian Legation in Berne, as Indian Ambassador to Scandinavia and then to West Germany and finally as European correspondent of the ‘Hindustan Standard’ RPT Standard.
He claimed this last post was a cover for industrial intelligence collection, the documents claimed.
In 1959 he was reported by a defector source to have been an agent for the Soviet GRU from the 1920s.
The British documents include names and details of Netaji-led Azad Hind activities in Germany and elsewhere in Europe.
The declassified files also include copies of letters from Nambiar to Bose recovered from the German submarine U-boat 234 after it surrendered during the Second World War.
A note in the files by V W Smith implies Nambiar’s close association with Nehru, saying: “one may hazard the conjecture that the ‘very prominent person’ referred to be Nambiar is Pandit Nehru, who undoubtedly knows the full facts”.
It goes on to say that his appointment as an Indian diplomat made him “indebted to his old friend Pandit Nehru”.
The documents released on Friday include the latest batch of files on Britain’s MI5 activities as well as seven files on British Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm and his activities as a member of the Communist Party and the wartime stories of British fascist sympathisers and ‘Fifth Columnists’ exposed by an MI5 agent posing as a representative of the Gestapo.

Swiss gold exports to India cross record Rs 70 000 cr levelYou are here: Home > Collections
Swiss gold exports to India cross Rs 70,000 crore; banks turn wary after black money probe
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 02.30PM IST
Tags:
banking industry
(As per Swiss government…)
NEW DELHI/BERNE: As banks in Switzerland come under greater black money scrutiny, the quantum of gold having left Swiss shores for India so far this year has reached a record high level of over 11 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 70,000 crore).
The gold exports from Switzerland to India stood at over 2.2 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 15,000 crore) in September alone, which is double the figure for the previous month, shows latest data released by Swiss Customs Administration.
As a result, the total Swiss gold exports to India since January this year has grown to 11.4 billion Swiss francs, shows the data compiled by the Swiss government's cross-border trade monitoring agency.
While industry watchers attribute the surge during September partly to increased demand for the yellow metal ahead of Diwali and other festivals in India, the sudden spike is also being seen suspiciously in the backdrop of gold being used for 'layering' purposes to move funds from Swiss banks amid growing scrutiny for suspected black money.
According to banking industry sources, banks operating in Switzerland, including those headquartered in the Alpine nation and the Swiss units of other European banks, have turned wary about dealing with their Indian clients in the wake of a growing scrutiny of such accounts.
A number of Swiss banks, including three with significant global presence, have begun telling their Indian clients to sign undertakings that are aimed at 'derisking' the banking institutions from potential risks arising out of regulatory actions against the bank customers by foreign governments.
Some banks are also telling their clients to close their accounts if they are not ready to take such risks, or if they have apprehensions about such accounts not being compliant to regulatory requirements in their home countries.
Through these 'derisking' undertakings, the customer agrees to take responsibility for any possible regulatory or administrative compliance with international norms.
At the same time, the bankers are also lobbying with the Swiss government to ensure that any information would be shared with their Indian counterpart about accounts held in Swiss banks only after necessary provisions are made to safeguard the interest of the concerned banking institution.
Following a high-level delegation visit from India, Switzerland recently agreed to cooperate on matters related to verification of genuineness of accounts and reply to requests for banking account details in a time-bound manner, and also to initiate a process to include India among the countries eligible for 'automatic exchange of information'.
While banks try to put in place necessary safeguards, there are apprehensions that many of their clients are being advised to move the funds through gold and other routes.
As per Swiss government data, the total exports of gold, silver and coins from Switzerland stood at 347 tonnes (worth 6.62 billion Swiss francs) in September. This included gold exports totalling 172.5 tonnes or 6.48 billion Swiss francs.
In comparison, Switzerland's total gold exports stood at just about three billion Swiss francs (80.6 tonnes) in August, while the overall figure for gold, silver and coins stood at 3.16 billion francs (237 tonnes) in that month.
India alone accounted for total bullion exports worth 66.5 tonnes from Switzerland, which mostly comprised of gold (over 58 tonnes or over 2.2 billion Swiss francs) in September.
The total gold exports to India stood at 29.5 tonnes (1.12 billion Swiss francs) in August, while the figure for July was 21 tonnes (792 million Swiss francs).
In January, the total Swiss gold exports to India stood at about 27 tonnes (970 million Swiss francs), while it was in the range of 30 tonnes a month between February to May before surging to over 44 tonnes (1.62 billion Swiss francs) in June.
A new strategy of 'layering' through gold and diamond trade came to light earlier this year at Swiss banks to thwart any attempt for identification of real beneficiary owners of funds entrusted with them, government and banking sources have said.
There is a growing suspicion that a portion of gold and diamond trade is being used to route funds from Swiss banks to India and other destinations.
'Layering' is a key stage in money laundering and involves moving illicit funds around financial system through a complex series of deals to complicate the paper trail.
This layering typically takes place between the first stage -- placement of black money in the financial system either in cash vaults, or through a series of cash or sham financial transactions -- and before the final 'integration' stage when money is put back into the financial system through various transactions for the benefit of its final recipient.
Under global pressure, Switzerland agreed earlier this year to provide country-wise breakdown of its gold trade.

Muslim man arranges cremation of Hindu sisterPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Rampur | Posted: October 26, 2014 4:38 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 5:24 pm
In a heartwarming display of communal harmony, a Muslim man in a village near here made the arrangements for the cremation of a Hindu widow, whom he treated as his sister and had been supporting for a long time.
The unique story is from Moondha Pandey village, about 10 km from Rampur.
After the death of her husband, Yashodha Devi had been living in a hut with her mother and son in an extremely pitiable condition in Maualagarh in Moondha Pandey, according to reports in the village.
Moved by her ordeal, Aslam Beg of the same village made Yashodra her ‘rakhi sister’ and urged her to treat him as her elder brother.
Thereafter, Aslam arranged a house for Yashodha’s family and even provided her with financial assistance. For 15 years, the two shared the relationship and participated in each other’s festivities, they said.
However, on Saturday, while Aslam was about to go to Yashodha’s house for ‘Bhai Dooj’, she passed away due to illness.
Yashodha’s relatives had planned to cremate her at Maulagarh itself, but Aslam insisted on taking the body to Garhmukteshwar.
Bearing all expenses, Aslam took Yashodha’s body and her relatives to the banks of Ganga in Garhmukteshwar and got her last rites performed there.

Etihad drops plan to lease Boeing aircraft f...Etihad drops plan to lease Boeing aircraft from Jet Airways
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 04.27PM IST
Tags:
Being aircraft
(These aircraft, B 777-300…)
MUMBAI: Jet Airways' foreign equity partner, UAE-based Etihad, has dropped its plan to lease three Boeing 777 aircraft from the airline, putting the domestic carrier in a difficult situation, sources said.
These aircraft, B 777-300 ERs, were with the Turkish Airlines and have recently come back to Jet Airways after completing the lease period, an airline source told PTI here.
"Etihad had earlier sought to lease these aircraft as it wanted to deploy them on its international network. However, it has now indicated to the airline of not doing so," the source said.
Jet Airways now may deploy these planes in its long-haul operations, they said, adding that this is a big set back to the airline which is already grappling with several other issues including problem from its pilots.
Jet Airways did not respond when its comments were sought on the issue.
Naresh Goyal-promoted Jet has already leased out some of its aircraft - Airbus 330-200s and Boeing 777-300ERs - to Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways, which had picked up 24 per cent stake in the Mumbai-based carrier for over Rs 2,060 crore last year, making it the first FDI in the domestic aviation sector.
Jet was earlier planning to induct these wide-bodied planes to its international operations. However, after Etihad's proposal, it shelved the plan at that time.
Jet Airways spokesperson at that time had said the airline will take measures which will help it achieve profitability.
"We continually evaluate option with a focus on profitability," the Jet Airways had said in a statement.
It had announced in August that it aims to turn profitable in the next three years and was planning a major overhaul of its fleet and products.
India's second-largest airline Jet Airways had reported a standalone net loss of Rs 217.65 crore for Q1 FY 15, down 39 per cent from the year-ago period.
The airline has been facing a tough time from its pilots as well as the regulator DGCA for quite some time now.
DGCA had recently suspended two Jet pilots after issuing notices to 131 pilots for not meeting mandatory licensing requirements.
The airline has over 1,000 pilots, while its subsidiary JetLite has about 190 pilots.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt clears 20 FDI proposals worth Rs 988 croreGovernment clears 20 FDI proposals worth Rs 988 crore
PTI Oct 24, 2014, 09.27PM IST
Tags:
Bharti Shipyard Ltd
(The Finance Ministry has…)
NEW DELHI: The Finance Ministry has cleared 20 FDI proposals including 6 in the pharma sector envisaging a total inflow of Rs 988.3 crore.
The proposals of Fresenius Kabi Oncology for Rs 119 crore and Amneal Pharmaceuticals Company's for up to Rs 205 crore have been approved by the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), a multi-department panel headed by Finance Secretary.
Indusind Bank's proposal seeking increase in foreign investment in the bank to 74 per cent has also been cleared. The amount of fund flow would depend on when the actual transaction takes place in case of the bank.
The bank, according to a release today, sought "a specific request to grant post-facto approval for increase in foreign holding from 68.51 per cent to 72.07 per cent on June 30, 2014".
These proposals were approved at the FIPB meeting held on September 16, it said.
Tamil Nadu-based Equitas Holdings Pvt Ltd , with the largest proposed investment in the lot, would bring foreign capital of Rs 325 crore.
The approval was sought by the company for downstream investment in its wholly owned subsidiaries by its existing and new foreign shareholders leading to increase in the foreign equity from 91.30 per cent to 93.12 per cent.
It is followed by Mumbai-based Tara India Fund envisaging investment of Rs 305.63 crore.
Under the defence sector, proposals of Bharti Shipyard Ltd and Solar Industries India will not lead to any fund flow.
Telecom player Verizon Communications India's proposal for increase in foreign equity participation by its foreign parent from 74 per cent to 100 per cent was approved entailing investment of Rs 2.32 crore.
Meanwhile, FIPB rejected 5 proposals including Sistema Shyam Teleservices Ltd.
SSTL sought permission to increase FDI up to 100 per cent in the company and its downstream wholly owned subsidiary Shyam Internet Services Ltd, both engaged in the telecom sector, on account of conversion of redeemable preference shares into equity.
At the same time, 8 proposals including four from the pharma sector was rejected.
Proposals of BioMerieux India Pvt Ltd and Kusum Healthcare Pvt Ltd among pharma sectors were rejected.
FEATURED ARTICLES

OVERDRIVE DIWALI SPECIALDhoni is defenitly a genius in...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 12:15      Category: Rei Agro
   37 comments
Media Report is your technical...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 10:58      Category: SpiceJet
Advances & Declines

Latest Federalist Society podcast on monthly developments at the CFPBComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Hospital maid raped by hospital owner kin  friendPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:52 pm
A private hospital maid was allegedly raped the hospital owner’s nephew and his friend at Jakkanpur, Patna. Both the accused were arrested late on Saturday evening.
The incident took place on intervening night of Friday and Saturday when Dharmendra Yadav, who has several criminal cases against him and had been out on bail, reached City Hospital at New Bypass Road under Jakkanpur police station at around 11 pm on Friday.
Dharmendra, who was accompanied by his friend Mukesh Yadav, faked illness and enaged a hospital room. A 30-year-old hospital maid, only woman employee on duty, was forcibly taken by the two to operation theater, but left the room saying CCTV installed there. The maid was taken to another room where she was allegedly raped by the two. No hospital staff came to the woman’s rescue and local police was also not informed by the hospital authorities. The hospital is owned by uncle of Dharmendra Yadav, a resident of Vigrahpur, Jakkanpur.
The maid was later taken in a vehicle by the two to different parts of the state capital. Though there was no formal complaint by the hospital, the police learnt about the incident on Saturday by a hospital employee who did not reveal his identity to the police.
The accused had left the victim at Ramlakhan Path in Jakkanpur and had escaped after parking his vehicle at his Vigrahpur house..
Patna Senior Superintendent of Police Jitendra Rana said: “We cracked the case within a few hours of learning about the incident. We arrested Dharmendra and Mukesh from Mithapur when they were trying to flee Patna. We have collected CCTV footage and sent FSL team the hospital”. The police has been also questioning hospital employees.

Spotlight on Modi s tea party as Maharashtra thriller continuesPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday held a gathering for the 400-odd MPs of the National Democratic Alliance, the first such event since taking power at the Centre.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MPs at his residence in Delhi. (PTI File Photo)
His message to the allies was clear: “think big, far and above politics” and be a “force with tremendous positive energy” while helping the government achieve its goals.
The Diwali Milan, at the PM’s residence, was seen as an exercise to dispel any impression of a gap between the government and the alliance. And Modi sought to take the MPs on board as he discussed his government’s recent initiatives.
All Shiv Sena MPs, including Union heavy industries minister Anant Geete, were present but there were no political discussions, as suspense continued over whether the party will be part of a BJP-led government in Maharashtra. “It was a purely official function,” Geete said.
Modi urged the NDA MPs to visit schools in their areas over a five-day period starting November 14 — the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru — and explain to children the importance of hygiene. “Achieving Swachh Bharat (clean India) is tough but just as the people of this country got together to eradicate polio, Swachh Bharat can also be achieved,” he said.
Making a detailed presentation on the economy, finance minister Arun Jaitley explained the reasons behind the government’s gas pricing and diesel deregulation moves.
He argued that the decision to let the market determine petroleum product prices had helped bring down diesel rates. And he pointed out that while the Centre was committed to pushing growth, it was mindful of the people and had taken the end user price into consideration while determining gas pricing.
The minister also said the government had managed to curb inflation to some extent, and briefed MPs on the Pradhanmantri Jan Dhan Yojana, calling the ‘banking for all’ mission a big success.
Similarly, labour minister Narendra Singh Tomar made a presentation on recent reforms undertaken by the government while rural development minister Nitin Gadkari briefed MPs about the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana, under which parliamentarians would adopt and develop model villages .
Modi urged his guests to convey to the masses that these initiatives were not aimed at curbing the interests of workers but, rather, were an exercise to ensure their rights were protected.
To an enquiry from the audience on the progress in the black money case, Jaitley said investigations in some cases were nearing conclusion and the government would soon file a charge sheet in court and also bring the names of foreign account holders in the public domain.
The event also saw the PM felicitate BJP president Amit Shah for the party’s victory in the Haryana and Maharashtra elections.

Andhra Pradesh Irrigation Minister meets Governor on power sharing withTelanganaPrint
The two state governments are involved in a bitter war of words over the power-sharing issue. (Source: File photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 26, 2014 4:55 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 5:02 pm
Amid a raging row between Andhra Pradesh and Telangana on sharing of electricity, the AP government on Sunday petitioned common Governor ESL Narasimhan on the issue.
“…The water level is going down to 856 ft (at Srisailam project). The ayacuts of SRBC in Rayalaseema needs to be protected. We tell Telangana as well, let’s protect and save water. Up to 70,000 cusecs of water is going into the sea through the Prakasam barrage. We should not be hardening out stance,” AP Irrigation Minister D Umamaheswara Rao told reporters.
“Farmers need to be protected both in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. Our goal is to see that water is not lost,” he said.
Rao said he has explained “all the facts” to the Governor who will go through the relevant material concerning the issue.
“Our leader (AP Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu), as TDP president, tells us and also the Krishna river board chairman that farmers should be protected. I have told Governor about the facts, because water needs to be saved carefully,” he said.
There is a scarcity of 73 TMCs of water to existing levels in Srisailam and Nagarjuna Sagar (reservoirs) and that huge quantity of water is going into the sea, he said.
Observing that water needs to be saved, the minister said power can be purchased from other states, but even a single TMC of water cannot be obtained.
The current dispute between Andhra Pradesh and Telangana is about power generation at Srisailam (project).
Andhra Pradesh wants Telangana to stop power generation at the Srisailam project as continued power generation would lead to water scarcity in AP in the future.
However, Telangana has refused to stop power generation in view of the prevailing acute power shortage, especially to agriculture.
The two state governments are involved in a bitter war of words over the issue.
In a no-holds-barred attack, Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao had alleged that Naidu was denying the rightful share of electricity to Telangana.
Alleging that Naidu was not honouring the provisions of the AP Reorganisation Act, Rao had said on Friday that Telangana would move the Supreme Court and also sought the Centre’s intervention.
Rao had alleged that the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister sought to defame the TRS government and “he is a cheater”.
Taking exception to Rao’s criticism, AP’s communications advisor Parakala Prabhakar said on Saturday that the former’s remarks against Naidu were “unbecoming” of his stature.
“He has crossed all limits. Being a chief minister, it is highly unbecoming of KCR to use such intemperate language. Moreover, what else he spoke is blatantly false,” he said.
Prabhakar alleged that the Telangana chief minister seemed to have not understood the substance of government orders (GOs) 69 and 107 that regulate the use of water at Srisailam reservoir.

Well-literate MLAs with modest financial backgrounds inducted in Manohar Lal KhattarsCabinetAmong all the ministers sworn-in, Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar is the poorest with merely Rs. 8.6 lakh worth assets. (Source: Jaipal Singh)
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigarh | Posted: October 26, 2014 5:27 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 8:32 am
Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar’s Cabinet comprises of well-literate Ministers. While four out of the nine ministers are post graduates, three are law graduates and two graduates.
The four ministers sworn-in on Sunday who hold post graduation degrees include  Kavita Jain (MLA from Sonipat), who holds a post graduation degree in  Commerce (M.Com) with a Bachelors degree in Education (B.Ed); Krishan Kumar  (MLA from Shahbad) holds a post graduation degree in Sciences (M.Sc); Karan Dev Kamboj (MLA from Indri) holds a degree of post graduation in arts (M.A) and a law degree; and Om Prakash Dhankar (MLA from Badli) holds a post-graduation degree in Arts and Education (M.A and M.Ed).
Capt. Abhimanyu (MLA from Narnaund) is pursuing a business management course from Harvard University and holds a law degree, and Ram Bilas Sharma (MLA from Mahendergarh) also holds a law degree. Ambala Canontment’s MLA Anil Vij is a graduate in sciences (B.Sc), while Bikram Singh Thekedar (MLA from Kosli) is a graduate in arts (B.A.).
Capt. Abhimanyu is the richest among all the ministers with declared assets of more than Rs. 74.8 crores. Interestingly, he owns eight vehicles in his  name and three in his spouse’s name. Among all the ministers sworn-in, Khattar is the poorest with merely Rs. 8.6 lakh worth assets.
The other Ministers including Kavita Jain has declared her assets at Rs. 2.5 crores, Anil Vij Rs. 86 lacs, Rambilas Sharma Rs. 3.15 crores, Bikram Singh Rs. 1.34 crores, Om Prakash Dhankar Rs. 58 lacs, Narbir Singh Rs. 42.8 crores, Krishan Kumar Rs. 22.62 lac and Karan Dev Kamboj Rs. 4.3 crores.
Infact, before Khattar’s name was cleared as Chief Minister in the BJP’s  legislature party meet, four out of the six Cabinet Ministers were being considered as front-runners for the CM’s post. These include Capt Abhimanyu, Rambilas Sharma, Anil Vij and Om Prakash Dhankar. However, the party chose Khattar, an RSS pracharak and Modi’s close confidant, as its Chief Ministerial candidate and the rest were accommodated by giving them cabinet berths.

Karnal bursts into celebrations after Khattar becomes CMKarnal bursts into celebrations after Khattar becomes CM
Delhi colony tense  one in critical conditionDelhi colony tense  one in critical condition
CBI sleuths question BJD MP again on chit fund scamCBI sleuths question BJD MP again on chit fund scam
PM Narendra praises Hrithik Roshan for taking part in  Swachh Bharat  campaignPM Narendra praises Hrithik Roshan for taking part in  Swachh Bharat  campaign
Samsung to Launch Galaxy A7 Smartphone; Specifications Leaked ahead of ReleaseSamsung to Launch Galaxy A7 Smartphone; Specifications Leaked ahead of Release
Don t disclose black money holders  names prematurely: ASSOCHAMDon t disclose black money holders  names prematurely: ASSOCHAM
http://usat.ly/1vpvBLXFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Walmart or Target: Who has the lowest prices?
Money expert Matt Granite compares the prices of Target and Walmart to decide which retail giant saves you the most money.
Post to Facebook
Walmart or Target: Who has the lowest prices? Money expert Matt Granite compares the prices of Target and Walmart to decide which retail giant saves you the most money. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1sWO6aO
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
17
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Walmart or Target: Who has the lowest prices?
Video Keywords Wal-Mart wal mart's prices retail credit Twitter
Money expert Matt Granite compares the prices of Target and Walmart to decide which retail giant saves you the most money. VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:04  I'm Matt -- here's the thing needs some serious --
00:07  today as. We take on the battle bargain between at target
00:11  and Wal-Mart which is cheaper well on the whole wal mart's
00:14  prices. Are lower but that's not the whole story in my
00:18  experience I have and the Wal-Mart prices on many everyday items
00:22  are around 2% less than target. I can't -- retail study
00:26  earlier this year actually found that Wal-Mart -- the pricing advantage
00:29  by. Three point 8% that means anything to you but. It
00:34  does not stop there. Target is actually -- when it comes
00:38  to retail credit cards their red card offers target shoppers say
00:41  things. A 5% on most everyday purchases -- -- card you
00:46  do the math and -- the price -- into -- target
00:49  actually becomes. One point 4% cheaper on average than Wal-Mart when
00:54  you factor that all lined look of a different story Wal-Mart
00:57  is. -- -- They have found a better free shipping options
01:01  and store pick up option that they now have for longer
01:04  target is only starting to catch up and they are improving
01:07  but -- Don't offer free shipping on everything. -- Wal-Mart and
01:12  target we'll give you free shipping with the red card so
01:14  yes but the red card target is your store you don't.
01:17  How the red card Wal-Mart is the way to go in
01:19  my opinion and of course at the end of the day
01:21  you have to choose what store experience you want one store.
01:25  Is way ahead when it comes to customer service in my
01:29  opinion but. I think we'll have to discuss that another day
01:32  I am not that granted on Twitter if you want away
01:35  and -- savings.
Elissa Koehl, USA TODAY 7:24 a.m. EDT October 16, 2014
Target vs. Walmart
1161 CONNECT 94 TWEET LINKEDIN 17 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Retail giants Target and Walmart attract millions of customers with their low-price advertising. But which company actually offers the lowest price to consumers?
Money expert Matt Granite took a look at Target's Red Card vs. Walmart's Rollback to see which store is the best at keeping most of your money in your wallet.
Want more deals? Follow @MattGranite on Twitter.
Matt Granite is a consumer reporter with Gannett's WKYC station in Cleveland. His videos offer tips to consumers on how to save money.
We do not get any financial compensation for mentioning any of these deals or companies. The only purpose of this segment is to save you money.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1sWO6aO
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

McDonalds Japan profit warningLast updated: October 7, 2014 4:45 pm
McDonald’s Japan warns of loss after food safety scandal
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/57ba5308-4e04-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft withstands shift to the cloudMicrosoft withstands shift to the cloud
Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9c78c9c-5ae9-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Airbnb valued at $13bn with staff saleAirbnb valued at $13bn ahead of staff stock sale
Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/99312b96-5b05-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

P&G to sell off Duracell battery businessP&G to sell off Duracell battery business
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77038ef2-5b72-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

questions and answersShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Ebola: questions and answers
Nov 3, 2014 : As the US reports its latest case of ebola in New York, FT pharmaceuticals correspondent Andrew Ward attempts to separate fact from myth about the deadly virus and ways to prevent its spread.
Links:  New York doctor tests positive for Ebola  /  Credits: Studio filmed by Rod Fitzgerald. Produced by Josh de la Mare. Video footage - Reuters.

Profitable passions rise againProfitable passions, from arts to wine
Jonathan Eley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aca193f8-5850-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Democrats battle sour economic moodDemocrats battle sour economic mood
Robin Harding in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca5eaa1c-5b74-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Spotify effect: Streamings capitalThe Spotify effect
Richard Milne
How did Sweden – a nation of 10 million people – become the ‘streaming’ capital of the world and the crystal ball for the future of the music industry?
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/59e6e6d6-5a49-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Go slow on pot  says Colorado governorGo slow on pot, says Colorado governor
Barney Jopson in Denver
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cd6e3b3a-5b26-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Procter & Gamble - basket case© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/582f5ca4-1996-11e4-8730-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Up to 100 brands to go as P&G decluttersUp to 100 brands to go as P&G declutters
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dff37c2c-1970-11e4-9745-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

McDonalds: Eating their lunch© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be07897a-5b63-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Prices of 1980s sports cars accelerate‘Bedroom wall’ syndrome drives up price of 1980s sports cars
Andy Sharman, Motor Industry Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56441ee0-5b6b-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Islamists kill 31 Egyptian soldiers in SinaiIslamists kill 31 Egyptian soldiers in Sinai
Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a333ad1c-5bb9-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cameron angry over 2.1bn EU surchargeDavid Cameron angry over €2.1bn EU surcharge
Alex Barker in Brussels and Chris Giles and George Parker in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c190d932-5b6f-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK s 2.1bn EU headacheShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
UK's €2.1bn EU headache
Nov 3, 2014 : The European Union has billed the UK for a €2.1bn surcharge as a result of its relatively strong economic performance. Lionel Barber, editor, looks at where this puts Prime Minister David Cameron and asks Chris Giles, economics editor, to explain the calculations.
Credits: Filmed by Rod Fitzgerald and Nicola Stansfield. Additional footage: Reuters. Produced by Seb Morton-Clark.

Political apathy  who cares© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c675c17c-5a45-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Who knew what and when© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fd3c1cbc-5b8d-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Canadas surveillance problemFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Lebanon army fights gunmen in TripoliOctober 25, 2014 6:22 pm
Lebanon army fights gunmen in Tripoli
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a16e1e8-5c69-11e4-98cc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK report clears Muslim Brotherhood of terrorismUK report clears Muslim Brotherhood of terror links, say lawyers
Kiran Stacey, Political Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8149f000-5b85-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narendra Modi govt must not reveal black money holders names on India list: AssochamNarendra Modi govt must not reveal black money holders names on India list: Assocham
PM Modi to push for his pet projects during high tea for NDA MPsYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi to push for his pet projects during high tea for NDA MPs
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 05.12PM IST
Tags:
Clean India Campaign
(The Diwali Milan get together…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ambitious projects such as the Clean India campaign and the MP Model Village scheme will be taken up during the high tea for NDA MPs this evening with a view to seek their support and participation for its success.
Along with refreshments, the MPs will be given ministerial presentations on PM's Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana (SAGY) at the tea-party organised as part of Modi's 'Diwali Milan'.
"The MPs will be given presentations on Swacchh Bharat Abhiyan and Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana by the ministers concerned for their support and participation in making them a success. It will be followed by high tea," Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar told PTI.
Union Minister for Rural Development Nitin Gadkari will give a presentation on SAGY and seek active participation from the MPs for the success of the programme which was launched by Modi on October 11.
The presentation on Swachh Bharat Abhiyan will be given by Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu.
The Diwali Milan get together hosted by PM is significant as it comes ahead of government formation in Maharashtra, amid speculation of a possible BJP-Shiv Sena tie-up.
Union Minister Anant Geete said all Shiv Sena MPs will be present at PM's tea party but clarified that party supremo Uddhav Thackeray will not attend as the get together was only meant for NDA MPs.
Some of NDA allies will not be attending the Diwali Milan as they do not have a single leader elected as MP. These include BJP's Tamil Nadu allies MDMK and DMDK.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Do Europe s banks need surgeryShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Do Europe's banks need surgery?
Nov 3, 2014 : As the European Central Bank is set to reveal the results of stress tests on 130 European banks, Christopher Thompson, capital markets correspondent, assesses whether the ECB needs more targeted intervention to help banks de-risk their balance sheets.

Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 launched in India at Rs 20900Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 launched in India at Rs 20900
Factbox: Twenty-five banks fail Europe s  stress testFactbox: Twenty-five banks fail Europe s  stress test
Speedy defence acquisitions  finallySpeedy defence acquisitions  finally
BJP MLAs to meet on Oct 28 to elect Maharashtra CM-designatePrime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MP's during a High tea hosted by him at his residence in Delhi on Sunday evening. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: October 26, 2014 6:25 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 2:54 am
Even as Shiv Sena MPs, led by Union Minister Anant Geete, attended Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s high tea on Sunday, there was no word yet on a BJP-Sena alliance in Maharashtra. Meanwhile, the newly-elected BJP MLAs are set to meet on Tuesday to elect their legislature party leader and the Chief Minister designate.
State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis is the frontrunner for the post. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to attend the swearing-in ceremony, scheduled to be held at the Wankhede Stadium on October 30.
Confirming this, Vinod Tawde, Leader of Opposition in the Legislative Council, said: “The party has taken a decision to hold its legislature party meeting on October 28. The new CM will be sworn in on October 30.”
While stating that his party wants an alliance with the Sena, Tawde said, “The BJP believes the alliance with Shiv Sena should be through sincere feelings… Sena should join the government without any ifs and buts. It should give unconditional support to the BJP government.”
A senior Sena MP told The Indian Express, “Party president Uddhav Thackeray has kept all options open. We are keen on joining an alliance with the BJP in Maharashtra. But a lot depends on how it evolves. However, there is no reason for us to severe our ties at the Centre.”
Senior BJP leader Gajanan Kirtikar said, “It appears that state BJP leaders are not willing to have Sena as an alliance partner in Maharashtra.”
The BJP, which emerged as the single largest party with 122 seats, is confident that it will be able to face a vote of confidence with the help of smaller parties and independents. Moreover, the NCP has already offered its “unconditional” support.
“The lone MNS MLA, Sharad Sonawane, is also likely to support to the BJP government,” said a senior state BJP leader. However, MNS president Raj Thackeray has not made any statement yet.

Delhi BJP demands deployment of additional forces for ChhathDelhi BJP demands deployment of additional forces for Chhath
Nagarjuna  Naga Chaitanya and Akhil Takes up Swachh Bharat Challenge [PHOTOS]Nagarjuna  Naga Chaitanya and Akhil Takes up Swachh Bharat Challenge [PHOTOS]
Jancis Robinson: Naked Wines© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e3e0f2fa-5972-11e4-9546-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Five stealth superbrandsOctober 24, 2014 5:16 pm
Five stealth superbrands
Introducing the labels fashion insiders love – and you need to know about
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d21f270-560b-11e4-a3c9-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putin unleashes fury at US folliesPutin unleashes fury at US ‘follies’
Neil Buckley in Sochi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fa42acf8-5b9f-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia takes EU to court over sanctionsRussia takes EU to court over Ukraine sanctions
Kathrin Hille in Moscow and Christian Oliver in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e460fe4-5547-11e4-b750-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Week in Review  October 25October 24, 2014 5:54 pm
Week in Review, October 25
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/185c1996-5b6d-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chit fund scam: CBI interrogates BJD MP  2 e...Artha Tatwa Group
(They all were interrogated…)
BHUBNAESWAR: The CBI Sunday interrogated BJD MP Ramachandra Hansda and two former legislators in Odisha for their alleged complicity in the multi-crore chit fund scam.
During the two-hour interrogation, while the CBI questioned the BJD MP for the second time in three days, it also interrogated former legislators Subarna Nayak of the BJD and Hitesh Bagarti of then BJP.
They were questioned about their alleged link with the Nabadiganta Capital Financial Services, which has duped depositors in the state, said CBI sources.
The three leaders were directors in the company.
Besides, CMD of the company Anjan Kumar Baliarsingh and two of its directors Kartikeya Parida and Pradeep Patnaik were also interrogated for siphoning the funds.
They all were interrogated in a group after being questioned individually several times in recent days, said the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sources.
However, the Biju Janata Dal (BJD) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders denied having any hand in duping the depositors.
"I was convinced by Baliarsingh and some associates to invest and join as the director in the company. I have a bond of Rs.3 lakh in the company. However, when I came to know that the company is raising public money, I resigned in 2012," said Hansda.
The two former MLAs, who were also directors in the company, echoed the same view, saying they were unaware about the functioning of the company, which has cheated people.
They also denied taking money from the company.
Hansda, who was grilled for four hours Friday, was questioned again about Rs.28 lakh cash seized by the CBI from his Rairangpur residence in Mayurbhanj district during a raid in July.
The BJD MP, however, claimed that it was his own money that he had kept for renovation of his house.
The CBI also raided the houses of the former MLAs for their alleged links with the scam-tainted chit fund firm Nabadiganta.
On Oct 25, BJD legislator Pravat Tripahty was questioned for the fourth time for his alleged link with Artha Tatwa Group, a home grown chit fund company.
During 90 minutes of interrogation by the CBI, he was questioned for the Best Youth Cooperator's award given to Artha Tatwa Group CMD Pradeep Sethy in 2010.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China builds new center to launch space stationChina builds new center to launch space station
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 05.44PM IST
Tags:
Beijing
(China's fourth and most…)
BEIJING: China's fourth and most advanced space launch center which will boost the carrying capacity of Chinese rockets manifold is set to launch the country's space station and cargo spacecraft.
The Wenchang satellite launch center in south Hainan Province will be used mainly for geosynchronous orbiters, large-tonnage space stations, cargo spacecraft and large polar orbit satellites taking the China's space programme to new level, Tao Zhongshan , chief engineer of the Xichang launch center said.
Wenchang has an advantage for transportation of modules of such spacecraft as it is located near a seaport.
The site's low latitude will also help the carrying capacity of rockets by about 10 per cent, compared to Xichang.
The Chang'e-5 moonlander, which will collect samples and return to Earth, will be launched from Wenchang, probably in 2017, state-run news agency Xinhua reported today.
Once put into use, Wenchang, along with the three other centers in Jiuquan, Xichang and Taiyuan , will all have their different functions.
In a recent interview, Yang Liwei , China's first astronaut and deputy chief of China's Manned Space Agency, said the Tiangong-2 space lab will be launched around 2016, followed by the Shenzhou-11 spacecraft and Tianzhou cargo craft to rendezvous with the lab.
A core module for space station to rival Russia's Mir space station will be launched around 2018 and the station will be completed around 2022.
FEATURED ARTICLES

401 LS members yet to declare assets details401 LS members yet to declare assets details
PTI  New Delhi, October 26, 2014
First Published: 16:05 IST(26/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:50 IST(26/10/2014)
Over 400 incumbent Lok Sabha members, including Rahul Gandhi, Sonia Gandhi, Lal Krishna Advani and Rajnath Singh, have not yet declared their assets and liability details, according to an RTI reply.
Advertisement
Lok Sabha Secretariat said in an RTI query said the assets details of 401 members of Lok Sabha are still awaited.
According to the Members of the Lok Sabha Declaration of Assets Rules 2004, a member is supposed to declare his assets within 90 days of taking oath.
The Lok Sabha MPs who have not yet submitted the assets and liability details include Union ministers Sushma Swaraj, Uma Bharti, Nitin Gadkari, and SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav.
Lok Sabha Secretariat said no communication in this regard was sent to the members until September 26, when the RTI was received.
According to the RTI reply, there are 209 BJP MPs who have not yet submitted their details. There are 31 members from Congress, 27 from TMC, 18 frm BJD, 15 from Shiv Sena, 14 from TDP, nine from AIADMK and eight from TRS. Seven members are from YSR Congress, six from Lok Janshakti Party and four from NCP, CPI(M) and SP each, three members from Akali Dal, RJD, and AAP each, and two each from JD(U) and Apna Dal.
Action against the members who have not submitted their asset details are taken under the Assets and Liability Declaration Rules 2004, Provisions 5 and 6, and the Representation of the People Act 1951, Section 75(A).
Other MPs who have not yet submitted their details include Union minister Harsh Vardhan, Radha Mohan Singh, Anant Geete, Anant Kumar, Ramvilas Paswan, Capt Amarinder Singh, Veerappa Moily, Mehbooba Mufti, Upendra Kushwaha, Kiren Rijiju and Supriya Sule.

Assam: 9 killed  more than 20 injured in mishapComments
Nine persons were killed and 24 others injured when a bus fell into a ditch after hitting the railing of a road in Nagaon district of Assam, early on Sunday.
Nagaon district SP, Arabinda Kalita said that the mishap occurred as the driver lost his control over the vehicle.
“The bus was in high speed and the driver lost his control over the vehicle. The bus was traveling from Lakhimpur and its destination was Guwahati. Among the nine dead, five are men and four are women”, said Kalita.
Police said that there were 33 people in the bus. The injured were initially admitted at the Nagaon civil hospital. Later, the eight persons who were critically injured were shifted to the Gauhati Medical College Hospital (GMCH).
The bus was operated by Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC). There were allegations from injured passengers that due to negligence of state emergency ambulance service officials, they reached  the Nagaon hospital about three hours late.
Chief minister, Tarun Gogoi has instituted a probe into the accident and expressed his condolences.

PM Modi hosts NDA MPs over high tea  talks about govt schemesBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

FPI inflows hit $1.5bn in Oct; reaches $35bn in 2014FPI inflows hit $1.5bn in Oct; reaches $35bn in 2014
Gold worth Rs 80 lakh seized from Thar Express passengersGold worth Rs 80 lakh seized from Thar Express passengers
PM praises Hrithik for taking part in  Swachh BharatPM praises Hrithik for taking part in  Swachh Bharat
WTA Finals Results: Serena Gets Her Revenge Against Halep to Retain TitleWTA Finals Results: Serena Gets Her Revenge Against Halep to Retain Title
Tunisias dream of freedomTunisia still holds dream of freedom
By Roula Khalaf
The spring has ended but there is at least one survivor in the region
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/61f26b5e-52c2-11e4-a236-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ben Ali changed rules to familys benefitFormer Tunisia president changed business rules to family’s benefit
By Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f90e2ac0-a302-11e3-ba21-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narendra Modi govt must not reveal black money holders names on India listE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Badal attends Khattar s swearing in  Hooda  not invitedBadal attends Khattar s swearing in  Hooda  not invited
UK ends 13-year war inAfghanistanBy: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: October 26, 2014 6:17 pm
The UK on Sunday handed over its last base in Afghanistan to the Afghan forces, marking an official end to the 13-year-long combat operations that claimed over 450 British lives in the war-torn country.
“It is with pride that we announce the end of UK combat operations in Helmand, having given Afghanistan the best possible chance of a stable future,” UK Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said.
The Union Jack was lowered at a ceremony in Camp Bastion in Helmand province, bringing an end to the 13-year war in Afghanistan that has claimed 453 British servicemen and women’s lives.
All British troops will leave Camp Bastion within days, handing over the huge base to Afghan troops.
“Our armed forces’ tremendous sacrifice laid the foundations for a strong Afghan security force, set the security context that enabled the first democratic transition of power in the country’s history, and stopped it being a launch pad for terrorist attacks in the UK,” Fallon added.
Camp Bastion has been the British troops’ main Afghan base since 2006.
The last US Marines unit in Afghanistan also ended its combat operations with the handover of nearby Camp Leatherneck. The US has lost 2,349 personnel in Afghanistan.
Thousands of soldiers have returned to Britain in recent months, leaving only a few hundred members of the Armed Forces operating in the country. Tonnes of equipment have been repatriated, to meet the deadline of ending combat operations by the end of 2014.
A few dozen British military personnel will remain in Kabul to operate an officer training facility nicknamed ‘Sandhurst-in-the-Sand,’ as part of the continued support of the Afghan people. Special forces will continue to operate in the region.
Chief of the General Staff Gen Sir Nick Carter told the ‘Sunday Telegraph’ the handover of Camp Bastion would be significant “not least because of the sacrifice that so many people have made in Helmand”.
“They are going to have challenges, but I am absolutely confident that the majority of the population in central Helmand will be secured by Afghan forces,” he said.
As the American-led forces pull out of bases across Afghanistan, they have faced attack after attack, with some ground attacks being launched on the day of departure.
Some security experts believe that the Taliban is trying to establish their superiority as soon as coalition forces depart.
The Taliban have carried out a series of operations in Helmand this summer, attacking in areas such as Sangin and Nad-e Ali, where British soldiers spent months battling to maintain control.

Cyclonic storm heading for north Gujarat coa...You are here: Home > Collections > Oman
Severe cyclonic storm heading for north Gujarat coast, says India Met Department
Madhvi Sally, ET Bureau Oct 26, 2014, 06.13PM IST
Tags:
Bay of Bengal
(The storm, named Nilofar,…)
NEW DELHI: A cyclonic storm hurtling towards the north Gujarat coast is expected to make its landfall on October 31 morning with a sustained wind speed of 90-100 kilometres per hour at its centre, gusting to 110 km per hour.
The storm, named Nilofar, on October 26 lay centred over 1,270 km southwest of Mumbai and 910 km east-southeast of Salalah in Oman.
The cyclone will take the form of a severe cyclonic storm by October 31 before it makes the landfall, according to the met department, which said the cyclone will initially move north-northwestwards during the next 48 hours and then move northeastwards towards north Gujarat and adjoining Pakistan coast in the subsequent 72 hours.
"It will intensify further into a severe cyclonic storm during the next 24 hours. The cyclone will intensify over the Arabian Sea but while crossing the coast its intensity will be weakened," said Mrutunjay Mohapatra , chief of India Meteorological Department's cyclone warning division, adding that the department will specify the place of landfall in the next few days.
In recent years, when cyclone Phet headed towards northwest India in June 2010, it made landfall in Oman and then in Pakistan, said Mohapatra.
The met department officials said that they have issued distant warning to all ports and pre-cyclone watch to Gujarat government officials. "Only after the cyclone is 500 km from the Gujarat coast we will issue specific warning for fisherman, oil and gas companies and ports etc," said Manorama Mohanty, meteorologist at the met department in Ahmedabad.
The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts on Sunday was charting the path of cyclone towards Oman and then recurvature by Thursday towards northeast towards Gujarat coast.
The cyclone has been named Nilofar by Pakistan, one of the eight countries the IMD issues cyclone advisories to.
Maximum and minimum temperatures will fall 2-3°C over northwest and adjoining central India during the next two-three days, as per the met department.
October and November are peak months for development of cyclones over Bay of Bengal and the Arabian Sea.
India gets five cyclones a year on average over Bay of Bengal and the Arabian Sea. There have been two cyclones so far this year - the Nanauk in June and Hudhud in October.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India has got better  youth power  than Chin...BJP
(Due to China's family planning…)
JAIPUR: Attributing the credit to the youth for the change of the guard in the state and at the Centre, Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje today said India has got better "youth power" than China and the country will lead with it.
Due to China's family planning norms, the youth power and their representation was getting lower than Indian youths who had brought a sea change in democracy, Raje told the elected functionaries of Akhil Bhartiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) of state colleges and universities here at a one-day event.
The victory of ABVP candidates did not come all of a sudden, but dedication of students in last fifteen years that brought ABVP presidents in seven universities, 160 colleges, and 400 other elected students on various posts in Rajasthan, she said.
Recalling late Jai Praksh Naryan's period during which the youth had active participation in society and politics, the chief minister said the present day change in the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi came due to the youths' power through ABVP, and this would be futuristic too.
"Our country will lead with youths' power that is very dedicated and honest," she said.
Raje, who returned from the Haryana Chief Minister's swearing-in ceremony this afternoon, said it was "love and confidence (belief) of the people, especially youths, in BJP and their leaders due to which every state (Haryana, Maharashstra) were taking turn around towards Modi charisma... Change is continous".
"I am sure BJP will sweep in Jharkhand as the polls are announced yesterday, and whenever polls come in Uttar Pradesh, BJP will make government," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP MLAs to meet on Oct 28 to elect MaharashtraCM-designatePrime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MP's during a High tea hosted by him at his residence in Delhi on Sunday evening. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: October 26, 2014 6:25 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 2:54 am
Even as Shiv Sena MPs, led by Union Minister Anant Geete, attended Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s high tea on Sunday, there was no word yet on a BJP-Sena alliance in Maharashtra. Meanwhile, the newly-elected BJP MLAs are set to meet on Tuesday to elect their legislature party leader and the Chief Minister designate.
State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis is the frontrunner for the post. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to attend the swearing-in ceremony, scheduled to be held at the Wankhede Stadium on October 30.
Confirming this, Vinod Tawde, Leader of Opposition in the Legislative Council, said: “The party has taken a decision to hold its legislature party meeting on October 28. The new CM will be sworn in on October 30.”
While stating that his party wants an alliance with the Sena, Tawde said, “The BJP believes the alliance with Shiv Sena should be through sincere feelings… Sena should join the government without any ifs and buts. It should give unconditional support to the BJP government.”
A senior Sena MP told The Indian Express, “Party president Uddhav Thackeray has kept all options open. We are keen on joining an alliance with the BJP in Maharashtra. But a lot depends on how it evolves. However, there is no reason for us to severe our ties at the Centre.”
Senior BJP leader Gajanan Kirtikar said, “It appears that state BJP leaders are not willing to have Sena as an alliance partner in Maharashtra.”
The BJP, which emerged as the single largest party with 122 seats, is confident that it will be able to face a vote of confidence with the help of smaller parties and independents. Moreover, the NCP has already offered its “unconditional” support.
“The lone MNS MLA, Sharad Sonawane, is also likely to support to the BJP government,” said a senior state BJP leader. However, MNS president Raj Thackeray has not made any statement yet.

Nagaland CM seeks Centres intervention in 1000-hr bandh in AssamdistrictPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 26, 2014 7:01 pm
A 1,000-hour bandh in Karbi Anglong district in Assam from Monday has caused serious concern in Nagaland with its chief minister TR Zeliang seeking immediate intervention of the Centre so that road communication to the adjoining hill state was not cut off.
Zeliang in fact has dashed off a letter to union home minister Rajnath Singh saying the proposed bandh would not only cut off road communication but also affect supply of essential items including foodgrains, medicine, petroleum products etc to Nagaland as well as Manipur.
The bandh has been called by the Joint Action Committee for Autonomous State (JACAS) of Karbi Anglong demanding creation of an autonomous state out of Karbi Anglong and Dima Hasao, the two hill districts of Assam.
Seeking immediate intervention of the union home minister, Zeliang said while frequent bandhs in Karbi Anglong district in Assam has always caused endless problems for Nagaland and Manipur, issues raised during most of these bandhs including the proposed 1000-hour one were not even remotely connected to Nagaland.
While National Highway 29 from Numaligarh in Assam is the only lifeline for Nagaland and Manipur, about 23 kms of this highway passes through Karbi Anglong district in Assam which is known for frequent bandhs, strikes and numerous incidents of violence. Though Assam Police once in a while provides armed escorts to vehicles en route to Nagaland, incidents of stone-pelting have become common.
The Nagaland chief minister had in a meeting of the Northeastern chief ministers held in Guwahati on August 21, specifically raised the issue of frequent bandhs in Assam affecting normal life in Nagaland and Manipur. He had also called upon Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi and union minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju to consider the issue of frequent bandhs in with serious concern.
Karbi Anglong deputy commissioner PK Buragohain said the district authorities would ensure free movement of vehicles including those bound for Nagaland and Manipur by providing armed escorts on the national highway. “We will ensure that no disruption occurs on NH29,” he said.
Meanwhile, a spokesman of JACAS said the 1,000-hour bandh has been called in order to press for resumption of talks with central government on the issue of creating an autonomous state encompassing the two 6th Schedule hill districts of Assam and introduction of a bill in Parliament for creation of the autonomous state in the winter session. “We want the government of India finalize the structure of the autonomous state on the basis of the proposal submitted by JACAS on November 6, 2013 to the ministry of home affairs,” the JACAS spokesman said.

One in five eurozone banks flunks ECB financial health testOne in five eurozone banks flunks ECB financial health test
Be a symbol of positive political entity: Modi tells NDA MPs at high teaAdarsh Gram Vikas Yojna
(Modi also made appeal to…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today hosted a high tea for all NDA MPs including from Shiv Sena during which he told them to think big, far and above politics and help push government's ambitious pro-poor schemes.
In the first such event after the BJP-led alliance stormed to power in May, Modi told the 400-odd MPs to be a symbol of positive political entity, noting they represent a big force with positive energy and can help chart a new course for the country.
"Let us think big. Let us think far. Let us think above politics," Modi said while addressing the MPs at a post-Diwali high tea hosted by him at his Race Course residence.
All the Shiv Sena MPs including Union Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete were present at the two-hour event but there was no political discussions, as suspense continued over whether the Uddhav Thackeray-led party will be part of a BJP-led government in Maharashtra.
"No political discussions took place during the meeting. It was purely an official function," Geete said.
Modi made a fervent appeal to the MPs for ensuring the success of his ambitious projects like 'Clean India' campaign , 'MP Model Village' scheme and 'Jan Dhan' project.
He urged the MPs to take to the people the work done by the NDA Government for the welfare of the poor.
The Prime Minister while dwelling on the recently launched Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan, said the initiative has received tremendous response from all sections of society and called upon all NDA MPs to connect with people as they undertake efforts in this regard for Swachh Bharat in their areas.
He urged the MPs to visit schools in their areas over a five-day period beginning November 14, the 125th birth anniversary of India's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru, and explain to children the importance of hygiene.
This, he said, would send a positive message. The Prime Minister said that achieving 'Swachh Bharat' is a tough call but can be achieved with the same spirit as people of the country got together to eradicate polio.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu coordinated the meeting where various departments made presentations. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley made a presentation on the Jan Dhan Yojna while Labour Minister Narinder Singh Tomar made a presentation on the labour reforms. Rural Development Minister Nitin Gadkari also made a presentation on the Prime Minister's Adarsh Gram Vikas Yojna .
"There was an elaborate discussion on many issues which the government has brought to the nation. We had an address by the Prime Minister who talked about cleanliness, various issues before the government, how a common MP can turn things in this country, how a common MP can be a symbol of positive political entity and how the respectability of politicians can be enhanced in the country," BJP general Secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy told reporters after the meeting.
Besides BJP and Sena MPs, those of other NDA allies Shiromani Akali Dal, TDP, LJP, Apna Dal and other Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha MPs were present.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Iranians struggle with cost of livingIranians struggle with cost of living
Monavar Khalaj in Tehran
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e2b4428-5542-11e4-89e8-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Women targeted in Iran power struggleOctober 22, 2014 6:02 pm
Women targeted in latest round of Iran’s power struggle
Monavar Khalaj in Tehran
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3ae7048e-59f7-11e4-9787-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM Modi visits Siachen  spends time with soldiers on DiwaliPrime Minister Narendra Modi started his Diwali day with soldiers in Siachen-the world's highest battlefield, where he made an unannounced and rare visit to boost the morale of the troops guarding the icy peaks.
 
In his address to the soldiers, the Prime Minister praised their valour and courage of the soldiers.
  
Play Pause
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shares sweets with the officers and jawans of Indian Armed Forces during his visit to Siachen on the occasion of Diwali. (PTI photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is greeted by Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah as Jammu and Kashmir governor NN Vohra looks on at Srinagar Airport. (AFP photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi looks at a military dog as he interacts with Army officers and soldiers at a base camp during his visit to Siachen, in this handout photo ...
Prime minister Narendra Modi interacts with the Army officers and soldiers at a base camp during his visit to Siachen. (PTI photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is received on his arrival at Siachen Base Camp. Army chief Gen Dalbir Singh is also seen. (PTI photo)
Paramilitary soldiers stand guard as Kashmiri women walk on a street in Srinagar. Shops and businesses remained closed in Kashmir due to a separatist sponsored strike to protest a visit ...
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders and workers shout pro-Modi slogans during a welcome rally ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's arrival in Srinagar to celebrate Diwali with the flood victims ...
A paramilitary trooper stands guard in front of a shuttered shop during a one-day strike called by Kashmiri separatists protesting against Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the region, ...
Activists and supporters of Bharatiya Janta Party shout slogans as they try to march toward the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar.
Activists and supporters of ruling Bharatiya Janta Party celebrate as they try to march toward the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar. (HT photo)
Policemen try to stop activists and supporters of ruling Bharatiya Janta Party as they try to march towards the governor's house to welcome Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Srinagar. (HT ...
"It is because of your courage that 125 crore Indian are celebrating a peaceful Diwali in their homes," the Prime Minister told the soldiers.
He said that his unannounced visit was  to `tell the soldiers that the nation stands shoulder to shoulder with them. "We have a peaceful sleep because you are living a tough life on the borders," he said.
The Prime Minister said that he feels proud of the soldiers. "The fact is that now even women soldiers are making us proud," he said.
"So many of our soldiers have died on the icy peaks in Saichen so many are missing, with families still awaiting their return. Those who have fought to attain India's freedom have made history but the fact that you sacrifice your lives to ensure that the country remains free is no less an achievement," the Prime Minister said.
Modi promised the soldiers that he will ensure that a "soldier has a dignified life even after he leaves the forces".
The Prime Minister said his government has kept the promise of one rank one pension and work is being undertaken on the issue.
"Your dream and responsibilities are the dreams and responsibility of the entire country," he added.
The Prime Minister also announced that a war memorial will be made in Siachen.
A little earlier the Modi wished Indians "Happy Diwali" from Siachen.
"From the icy heights of the Siachen Glacier & with the brave Jawans & Officers of the Armed Forces, I wish all of you a Happy Diwali," he tweeted.
From the icy heights of the Siachen Glacier & with the brave Jawans & Officers of the Armed Forces, I wish all of you a Happy Diwali.
Read: PM Modi likely to announce relief, rehab package for flood hit J-K
He also wished President Pranab Mukherjee, commenting that he was sure this would be among the "most unique greetings Pranab Da received."
PM Modi visited Siachen in a special Indian Air Force aircraft and was later taken by a heicopter to the base camp at about 12,000 feet. According to officials the prime ministers made an aerial survey of the glacier before meeting the troops. Army Chief Dalbir Singh Suhaag accompanied the prime minister.
Modi is the first prime minister to visit Siachen in almost 10 years. Manmohan Singh had visited the battle field last in 2005.
Separatists put under house arrest
Authorities clamped down on separatists in the valley and placed them under house arrest ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Kashmir.
Moderate Hurriyat chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq was placed under house detention in the morning fearing that he was planning an anti-Modi rally in downtown Srinagar, while hardline Hurriyat chairman Syed Ali Geelani was placed under house arrest since Wednesday evening. JKLF chief Yasin Malik too was asked not to venture out of his house.
Separatists had called for a shutdown against Modi's visit to Kashmir. While Geelani described it as "cultural aggression", Malik accused him of playing politics over flood tragedy.
Meanwhile, Srinagar wore a deserted look ahead of the Prime Minister's visit. Shops and business centres remained closed and there was thin traffic on the roads.
Read: Separatists placed under house arrest
Security agencies had sealed a large swathe of areas around the Raj Bhawan in Srinagar where Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to reach shortly after his arrival in Srinagar.
The Raj Bhawan has kept out of bounds even for the media with restrictions on the movement on the roads leading to Raj Bhawan. Officials are tight lipped on Modi's exact schedule in Srinagar citing it as part of security drill.
Modi is likely to meet governor NN Vohra and chief minister Omar Abdullah at Raj Bhawan on arriving, followed by discussions with a delegation of traders and business leaders, before visiting a flood-affected locality.
According to sources, Modi will also visit a relief camp besides visiting places badly hit by the floods in the city.The prime minister is also expected to announce a special package for the victims of the floods in the state.
Politicians from the ruling National Conference (NC) and the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) expect Modi’s trip to be more than a mere gesture. The NC is waiting to see how close the PM’s announcement comes to the proposed Rs. 44,000-crore package.
Omar Abdullah had met Modi in Delhi on September 23 and asked for a Rs. 44,000-crore compensation package from the Centre for the devastation caused by the worst floods to hit the state in a century.
(with PTI inputs)

STORYBOARD DIWALI SPECIALDhoni is defenitly a genius in...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 12:15      Category: Rei Agro
   37 comments
Media Report is your technical...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 10:58      Category: SpiceJet
Advances & Declines

Russell Brand makes Lucy Kellaway blush in a selfieKatherine Boo
A black Mercedes pulls up outside a boarded-up shop in London’s East End. Out of it gets a tall man in shades with wild black hair, and a tight, low-necked T-shirt revealing a lot of chest hair.
The diners in the Crisis Skylight Cafe, a co-operative in Shoreditch that helps the homeless find work, gawp. Brand stands on the pavement adjusting tight jeans that are carefully ripped and festooned with chains, and then advances on the café like a large, punky cat.
I gawp too but my wonder is coloured with anxiety. Like 10m others I have watched the Newsnight interview in which Brand charmed, bulldozed and mocked Jeremy Paxman, Britain’s toughest interviewer, into laconic submission. This is not going to be easy.
Sure enough, before he has even said hello, Brand has taken control, seizing my hand and leading me, like a parent would a child, into the kitchen at the back. Here, various ex-cons and former drug-users are learning how to chop and fry; he talks to each in turn, touching them lightly. To administer this secular blessing he has to release my hand – a blessing of a different sort as the warmth of his palm was making me feel very uncomfortable indeed.
“I need a pee,” he declares when he has finished with the kitchen staff. He disappears leaving me to wait with a growing band of excited diners; when he emerges, he grants some selfies, then strikes up a conversation with the café manager. Brand is planning to open his own co-operative with the profits from his new book, he says, and wants advice.
I hop from one foot to the other and eventually protest that I am meant to be interviewing him, so preferably need him on his own.
“That’s a very capitalist and selfish attitude, Lucy, very individualistic,” he says, looking straight at me. But obediently he goes to sit at the only empty table, while I queue for the leek and potato soup and red juice he has asked for, ordering the same thing myself.
Does he read the FT, I ask, sitting down opposite him at last.
“No,” he replies, leaning forward so his face is very close to mine.
I say he ought to. He has just written a book in which he argues that capitalism is over, and at the very least he ought to know his enemy.
“I find it hard to understand. It obfuscates truth and I think an economic ideology is oppositional to the spiritual ideologies that are what we need to adopt if we’re to save our planet and humankind. Capitalism, the economic arm of the individualism and materialism ideologies that keep us framed in a narrow bandwidth of consciousness, prevents us from seeing that we’re all connected.”
On the page the words are, at best, a bit of a turn-off. But listening to him talk you don’t hear them; instead, you see his eyes boring into yours, his body wired into a posture of absolute belief.
I protest that capitalism has lifted billions from poverty in his lifetime.
“Yes, I’m sure a lot of people would prefer waterboarding to anal rape but we don’t have to tolerate either,” he replies, slightly bafflingly.
A girl with a pierced tongue brings our soup. “How’re you feeling, mate?” Brand asks her. “I’m star-struck,” she says and explains that she’s had some problems and that she’s just had her electronic tag taken off. She says she wants to go into hospitality. Brand assures her that she will do well, and she flushes a deep red.
When she goes, his eyes light on a proof copy of his book, Revolution, which I’d brought along as I wanted some of it explained to me.
“I love this book!” he says, touching it fondly. I say I only loved some of it. I read him a bit I’ve underlined: “The economy is just a metaphorical device, it’s not real, that’s why it’s got the word con in it.”
“People like shit like that,” Brand says, evidently enjoying the reading.
But it’s nonsense.
Do you know why I think the people of Scotland should have voted yes? Because Cameron wanted them to vote no
“My darling, tell that to the people that are suffering. You can’t ignore the argument that all around us there’s poverty. Ordinary people can’t afford to live in this city.”
He could not have chosen a better place from which to make this point. The Crisis café is barely a mile from the City’s banking skyscrapers and the contrast is ugly.
As Brand holds forth on the evils of capitalism, I get the feeling that I’m talking to a clever, intransigent teenager, the only difference being that Brand has a frighteningly large audience for his blend of tosh and truth. Ten times more people follow him on Twitter than follow the prime minister David Cameron, and his political YouTube channel, The Trews (True News), though maddening both in its title and in its hectoring content, is persuading apathetic youth to feel cross about the state of the world. My son’s a fan, I say.
“Good!” he beams showing both top and bottom decks of teeth.
I tell him that though it may be good to make the young feel outrage, it’s less good to tell them not to vote.
He seizes my hand and holds it firmly.
“My voting thing is not an allergy. The reason I don’t vote is the same reason I don’t eat glitter; there’s no fucking point.”
In his view, only the Scottish referendum was worth voting for.
“Do you know why I think the people of Scotland should have voted yes? Because Cameron wanted them to vote no. Do you know why I think we shouldn’t be bombing the Middle East? Because they want to bomb the Middle East. Any single thing they tell me, I disagree with absolutely 100 per cent.”
I try to protest at the babyishness of this stance but Brand is in full rant.
“I would suggest total disobedience, total non-compliance and also total organisation! Don’t just stop paying your taxes and mortgage on your own, find a group of people to not pay mortgages with you!”
That’s all very well, I point out, only it will bring on a catastrophic recession that will most hurt the very people he is trying to help.
Now he grabs my other hand too, which makes it hard to argue back – and harder to eat my lunch.
“Shut up, Lucy. You’re only thinking within very narrow parameters. This planet – there’s a number of people, there’s an amount of resources, we need to make sure that people get resources. What’s the reason that we’re not doing that? The answer is because of the ideology that you’re propping up.”
He stares accusingly, as though the whole problem with capitalism were my fault.
I point out that I’m not the only one propping up the system. What about Brand’s chauffeur-driven Merc outside?
Skylight Cafe
Crisis Training Project, 6 Commercial Street, London E1 6LT
Red juice x 2 £5.00
Leek and potato soup x 2 £7.00
Americano x 2 £3.60
Total £15.60
He replies that his chauffeur, Mick, is a really great guy and a friend – which is nice but not the point. What about the beaded necklace, which looks suspiciously like amethyst, that is dangling down towards his soup bowl? How much did that cost?
“Who knows?” he replies as if this were an unfathomable mystery. “I’m not interested in making money any more.”
Does that mean that there will be no more acting, no more Hollywood?
Brand pauses. “It probably does mean that, yes,” he says, hesitantly, as if making up policy on the hoof. But he’s not going to quit comedy, he says, because he loves performing. When I ask how lucrative it is, he shrugs.
“It makes me scared if I think about money too much, then it makes me feel guilty. The only thing I tell the people who look after my money is, ‘Make sure my fucking taxes are 100 per cent legitimately paid,’ and then I do my own shit.”
But isn’t he against taxes? “Only as part of a mass movement, not as tax evasion,” he says.
Surely he can only afford to do his own shit because he is so rich. Would he really be prepared to give it all up?
“I’d give up everything. I’ve thought about this a lot, whether or not I’m prepared to go to prison or die for what I believe in. The answer is 100 per cent, without question, yes, I’m willing to die for this.”
If you really believe that, I say, that makes me think you’re nuts.
“Well, that makes me think you’re nuts because you’re going to die as well and when you die it’s going to be for nothing, an unremembered, pointless death, propping up a dead system!”
. . .
At this point we are interrupted by an emaciated woman strolling off the street requesting a selfie. Brand embraces her as he takes the picture and, catching the whiff of fags, tells her to cut back. She glances at me and asks if I’m family.
“We’re on a first date,” Brand explains.
The woman looks a bit surprised and scuttles off.
It occurs to me that the main difference between me and my guest is not our approach to economics but to human nature. I, who have mostly led the life of a goody-goody, believe people are fairly selfish. Brand, who has been bad more than most, thinks people are good at heart. How does that work?
“Because I believe in change. Because I’ve seen a revolution in my own life, I’ve come from a very ordinary background and I’ve become a drug addict, I’ve lived for years on benefits and now I live a completely different life where I experience all of the glamour, all of the things that capitalism promises – fame, pop stardom, glory, money. And it’s worthless and it’s meaningless.”
Just as I’m protesting that not everyone can change, a man who appears to be shaking drags himself into the café. He is clutching a very tatty copy of the Big Issue.
“How’s your habit?” Brand asks him, fishing in his pocket and taking out a note, which he squashes into a tiny ball so neither I nor the hapless recipient can see how much it is, and hands it over.
Will that man change, I wonder. And should he be giving money to him before he does? “I always give money to drug addicts. It is a necessary reprieve. No one stops taking drugs ’cos they’ve not got money – they will steal.”
In the hour we have been together, Brand has not only made the junkie’s day. The comedian has made everyone he has touched glow with an almost indecent pleasure. When I remark on this, he beams again. “That makes me feel so happy and worthwhile.” In a way this is sweet but, equally, one wonders who needs whom more: the disciples the celebrity, or the celebrity the disciples.
The only person I can think of who comes close to Brand in terms of the effect he has on others is Bill Clinton; if the two were together, I suspect the comedian would make the former US president look gauche by comparison. Perhaps it shows that Brand’s true vocation is more politics than comedy. Come the revolution, will he be its Lenin?
“I went into this thinking, ‘Me with my charisma and my belief system, I should be in charge of this whole shebang.’ But I realised that you don’t need any show-off mouthing off at the front, you need people to have control of their own destinies.”
In Brand’s revolution there is no place for leaders or individualism of any sort. Which might be sensible, except the message is delivered from a platform built entirely on his own celebrity and egotism. In the book he only gets down to telling us what the revolution consists of after 80 pages devoted entirely to Brand on Brand.
“It’s only 80 pages, for fuck’s sake. When you’ve written a book I’ll critique it. Shall we have another juice? ”
I get up to order the drinks. When I get back, my guest has gone.
“I’m enjoying this,” he says when he returns. “I used to do interviews where I’d just talk about Katy Perry.”
I tell him that most FT readers have never heard of his former wife, though they have heard of his more recent girlfriend – but, as I try to name her, my mind goes terrifyingly blank. After a few seconds the name reappears in my mind: Jemima Khan.
“Took you a while to remember,” Brand says. I tell him it’s old age.
“You’re not old. Well, I’ll tell you this; I think you’re a very beautiful woman. There’s moments when you spasm into apoplexy where you’re quite delightful.”
I try to ignore this shamelessly transparent attempt to avoid the question and ask again about Khan.
“Oh, I’m not talking about all that claptrap.” He waves dismissively.
I try another tack. In his life Brand has overcome most of the addictions available to mankind but the two he has yet to master are sex and fame. Which of these is harder to kick? “I don’t think you kick addictions. I really feel for people that have eating issues because you’ve got to unlock your addiction at least three times a day. I think sex is a comparable behaviour, isn’t it?”
Is he saying that people generally have sex three times a day?
“Well, no. Some days you have to hold it down a little bit,” he replies, deftly deflecting the question with a joke. But on fame his response is more telling.
“I am, as you have said, a bit of a show-off. As long as I don’t spend all my time focusing on that aspect of my nature that’s about showing off, and if I can try and make that work for the common good, that’s not such a problem, is it?”
The waitress returns to take our plates. “That was bloody lovely,” says Brand, hugging her while she takes a picture of both of them.
The café is closing and I am the only person in the place who has not demanded a selfie with the do-gooding narcissist, a situation he evidently thinks remiss.
“Your boy’ll want a photograph, won’t he? I think he’ll want us to be having a mouth kiss.”
I assure him my son won’t want any such thing but Brand is already coming over to my side of the table, putting an arm around me and moving his lips towards mine, while I swerve out of reach. After this embarrassing little skirmish I ask if it is the first time a woman has cringed as he tried to kiss her.
He shakes his head and insists I didn’t cringe. “Your body language looked halfhearted and your face changed colour.”
When I get home, I look at the pictures on my phone. Paxman couldn’t help himself when faced with this charismatic, ranting revolutionary and neither, it seems, could I. The camera doesn’t lie. I am blushing and smiling as I duck.
Lucy Kellaway is an FT columnist
Illustration by James Ferguson
‘Revolution’, by Russell Brand, is published by Century (£20)
-------------------------------------------

Todays Republicans run from ReaganToday’s Republicans run from Reagan
Gary Silverman
The Grand Old party is now the Great Wall party – defined by what it wants to keep out of the US
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5270dfa8-5a10-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

TV football rights concern weighs on BTTV football rights concern weighs on BT
Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d140ac12-5b66-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Patrick Pouyann  oil giants new headOctober 24, 2014 5:51 pm
Patrick Pouyanné, the Total package
Michael Stothard and Guy Chazan
French oil company’s new chief is a forceful presence and tough boss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9020bc00-5a11-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukraine elections: is Poroshenko set to win an outright majoritySign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

There Is No Difference Between A Lion And A LionessThousands Of Women Fighting ISIS On Front Lines In Syria And Iraq
 | By                                                                ELENA BECATOROS and BASSEM MROUE
Posted:
Updated:
10/31/2014  3:59 pm EDT
Women Peshmerga recruits, some of whom are volunteers, parade as they take part in a military training at a base near the northern Iraqi city of Sulaimaniya on September 10, 2014. (JM LOPEZ/AFP/Getty Images) | JM LOPEZ via Getty Images
reddit
SURUC, Turkey (AP) — Just over a year ago, Afshin Kobani was a teacher. Now, the Kurdish Syrian woman has traded the classroom for the front lines in the battle for Kobani, a town besieged by fighters from the Islamic State extremist group.
The 28-year-old Kurdish fighter, who uses a nom de guerre, said she decided to join the fight in her hometown when she saw IS advances in Syria.
"I lost many friends to this, and I decided there was a need to join up," said Kobani, who declined to reveal her birth name. "This is our land — our own — and if we don't do it, who else will?"
Perched on the other side of the Turkish border, the Syrian town of Kobani has been under an intense assault by IS for more than a month. The town — surrounded on the east, south and west by IS — is being defended by Kurdish forces in Syria.
Among those fighters are thousands of women, an unusual phenomenon in the Muslim world in which warfare is often associated with manhood. In April, Kurdish fighters created all-female combat units that have grown to include more than 10,000 women. These female fighters have played a major role in battles against IS, said Nasser Haj Mansour, a defense official in Syria's Kurdish region.
The Kurdish women now find themselves battling militants preaching an extreme form of Islam dictating that women only leave the house if absolutely necessary. Earlier this month the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors events in Syria, reported IS militants beheaded nine Kurdish fighters, including three women, captured in clashes near Turkish border.
After more than a year of fighting, Kobani has risen through the ranks to become a commander of a mixed-gender unit. "We are just the same as men; there's no difference," she said. "We can do any type of job, including armed mobilization."
There is nothing new about Kurdish women fighters. They have fought alongside men for years in a guerrilla war against Turkey, seeking an independent Kurdistan which would encompass parts of Turkey, Syria, Iraq and Iran. The campaign for Kurdish independence has been pursued mainly by leftist militant groups that championed gender equality, such as the Kurdistan Workers Party in Turkey.
Suicide bombings have long been part of the Kurdish women fighters' battleground repertory.
Early this month, Deilar Kanj Khamis, better known by her military name Arin Mirkan, blew herself up outside Kobani, killing 10 IS fighters, according to Kurdish forces. Haj Mansour, the Kurdish defense official, recounted that Kurdish fighters were forced to withdraw from a strategic hill south of the besieged town. Khamis stayed behind, attacking IS fighters with gunfire and grenades as they moved in. Surrounded, she detonated explosives strapped to her body. The Kurds then recaptured the position — but lost it again on Wednesday.
In Kobani, Sheikh Ahmad Hamo's daughter Rukan signed up for the fight for Kurdish independence at the age of 18, and was quickly sent to Iraqi Kurdistan, in Iraq's north. That was eight years ago. For the first six years, she didn't contact her parents or her nine siblings. Her mother, Salwa Moussa, traveled to northern Iraq in March last year in the vain hope of seeing her daughter.
Five months after that, she phoned home. "When she called, she had a mountain accent. Her mother didn't recognize her," said Hamo. "When we talked to her, we were happy, but we were also crying."
Rukan Hamo's 23-year-old brother Ferman was killed fighting in Kobani this month. The sister didn't make it to the brother's funeral. Her parents don't know when, or if, they will see her again.
In the dust-blown cemetery of the Turkish border town of Suruc, a corner has been laid out for the casualties among Syrian Kurds fighting in Kobani. Of more than 30 dead, 10 are women.
"It's not strange that women are fighting," said Wahida Kushta, an elderly woman who recently helped prepare the body of a young female fighter, 20-year-old Hanim Dabaan, for burial. "There is no difference between a lion and a lioness."
____
Mroue reported from Beirut. Follow Elena Becatoros at https://twitter.com/ElenaBec
Also on HuffPost:

Haryana: ML Khattar takes oath as first BJP chief ministerML Khattar takes oath as Haryana's first BJP CM
Hitender Rao , Hindustan Times  Chandigarh, October 26, 2014
First Published: 08:24 IST(26/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:05 IST(27/10/2014)
Comments
Manohar Lal Khattar, Haryana's first chief minister from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), took oath at a high-profile event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Panchkula on Sunday.
Manohar Lal Khattar, Haryana’s new chief minister waves to the crowd during his oath taking ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Alongside the 60-year-old former Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) activist, nine ministers -six holding cabinet ranks and three ministers of state (independent charge) - were also sworn in.
Haryana governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath of office and secrecy to Khattar at the Mela Ground in Sector 5 of Panchkula town, adjoining Chandigarh.
Apart from Modi, the high-profile event was attended by some of his cabinet colleagues, chief ministers of BJP-ruled states and RSS leaders.  Senior BJP leaders such as Lal Krishna Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi were also present.
Khattar is the 10th chief minister of the state, which was created November 1, 1966.
It is after 18 years that a non-Jat was sworn in as the Haryana chief minister. Before Khattar, the last non-Jat CM was Bhajan Lal, a Bishnoi. He had been in power from 1991 to 1996.
Since 1996, successive Jat leaders — Bansi Lal of the HVP-BJP, Om Prakash Chautala of the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and Bhupinder Singh Hooda of the Congress — have ruled the state.
The BJP had scripted history in the recently held Haryana assembly elections, winning 47 of the 90 seats in the state that helped the party form the government on its own.  The party's vote share, too, had galloped from 9% to 33%.
The six cabinet ministers sworn-in on the occasion were Ram Bilas Sharma, Abhimanyu, OP Dhankar, Anil Vij, Rao Narvir Singh and Kavita Jain.
The ministers of state (MoS) who were administered the oath of office and secrecy were Bikram Singh Thekedar, Krishan Bedi and Karan Dev Kamboj. They all will hold independent charges.
(L to R) Rambliash Sharma, Manohar Lal Khattar, Anil Vij and OP Dhankar during the oath ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Who is Khattar?
Khattar - a Punjabi - is a sworn bachelor. He has the backup of the RSS and is seen as close to Modi, who endorsed his name for the CM's post in Haryana.
Khattar's selection silenced his critics, who said he lacks administrative experience as well as a popular base.
Khattar, often dubbed an "outsider" by rivals, also outdid the Jat-Punjabi rivalry that runs deep in the northern state.
"The majority view is in favour of having a non-Jat as chief minister," a BJP leader had said earlier.
Khattar, who had been an RSS pracharak for the past 40 years and an active BJP member for more than 20 years, won the Karnal seat with a big margin of more than 63,000 votes in his debut election.
He belongs to Rohtak's Nindana village.
Khattar has worked as an organising secretary in Haryana BJP when Modi was the in-charge of party affairs in the state.
The very fact that the BJP fielded him from Karnal, considered a rather safe seat for the party, gave ample indication of its plans for the Punjabi leader.
Kaptan Singh Solanki, Haryana governor and Manohar Lal Khattar during the oath ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Challenges ahead
The new chief minister has no previous administrative experience. He will have to take care of his greenhorn cabinet team as well.
Khattar, who is known in the BJP circles as a strategist, will be tested for his administrative acumen and the ability to deliver.
All in the stars?
Planetary positions seem to have decided the day and the time of Khattar's oath-taking.
It was evident from the official invite to the swearing-in ceremony, where the time of oath-taking was printed as a precise 11.23am.
"The date and the time seem to have been chosen carefully," said Chandigarh-based astrologer Prem Kumar Sharma, adding: "Tritiya tithi and Anuradha nakshatra fall on October 26, which are quite favourable (star positions)."
Another astrologer said that at the time, Mangal (Mars) would be in lagna (ascendant).
"Mars is a planet of aggression, which shows that the new chief minister would be an assertive individual. During this period, Sun will be in the 11th house, which is a house of gains but associated with enemy planets Venus and Saturn, indicating loss of sheen in governance," said the fortuneteller.
(with IANS inputs)

No alliance with BJP  Shiv Sena should sit in opposition  says ex-party MPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi-fication in fashion: After kites and crackers  PM inspires blouse designsComments
During Diwali, we’ve already seen Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s face on the packaging of sweets and firecrackers. On Independence Day, shops were selling kites that had his picture on them. Now, the latest is a sari blouse.
Bright saffron in colour, with golden motifs and even an anti-corruption message on the sleeves, these blouses are currently all the rage at New Delhi’s GK-I M Block Market, but given their popularity, expect to see them in the city soon too.
“Yeh Modi blouse request pe banaayein hai humnein (We have made these blouses on request). Samajh lijiye experiment hai. Ladies ko trendy aur jo charcha waali cheez hai voh pasand aata hai toh yeh style aajkal chal raha hai (Consider this an experiment. Ladies like to wear something trendy and topical; this is one of the most upcoming style statements),” says Mohammed Irshad, one of the tailors who is creating these blouses.
Also read: Kejriwal, Modi in ‘kite fight’ in Indore skies this Makar Sankranti
Priced at `1500, the blouses have paper cut-outs of the PM stitched on the netted front, back and shoulders, and the text reads, ‘Narendra bhai congratulations’ and ‘Time for change. Time for Modi’.
“We only follow the latest in fashion. There are Bollywood inspired cholis so why not ministers,” adds Irshad.

Three-Year-Old s Rape Stirs Protest; Parents Question ManagementThree-Year-Old s Rape Stirs Protest; Parents Question Management
Telstra targets Asia with A$5bn war chestTelstra earmarks A$5bn war chest for Asia expansion
Jamie Smyth in Sydey
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9b8efb62-5b13-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CBI arrests three in Odisha chit fund scamCBI arrests three in Odisha chit fund scam
Think big  think far: PM Modi tells NDA MPsPrime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday held a gathering for the 400-odd MPs of the National Democratic Alliance, the first such event since taking power at the Centre.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MPs at his residence in Delhi. (PTI File Photo)
His message to the allies was clear: “think big, far and above politics” and be a “force with tremendous positive energy” while helping the government achieve its goals.
The Diwali Milan, at the PM’s residence, was seen as an exercise to dispel any impression of a gap between the government and the alliance. And Modi sought to take the MPs on board as he discussed his government’s recent initiatives.
All Shiv Sena MPs, including Union heavy industries minister Anant Geete, were present but there were no political discussions, as suspense continued over whether the party will be part of a BJP-led government in Maharashtra. “It was a purely official function,” Geete said.
Modi urged the NDA MPs to visit schools in their areas over a five-day period starting November 14 — the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru — and explain to children the importance of hygiene. “Achieving Swachh Bharat (clean India) is tough but just as the people of this country got together to eradicate polio, Swachh Bharat can also be achieved,” he said.
Making a detailed presentation on the economy, finance minister Arun Jaitley explained the reasons behind the government’s gas pricing and diesel deregulation moves.
He argued that the decision to let the market determine petroleum product prices had helped bring down diesel rates. And he pointed out that while the Centre was committed to pushing growth, it was mindful of the people and had taken the end user price into consideration while determining gas pricing.
The minister also said the government had managed to curb inflation to some extent, and briefed MPs on the Pradhanmantri Jan Dhan Yojana, calling the ‘banking for all’ mission a big success.
Similarly, labour minister Narendra Singh Tomar made a presentation on recent reforms undertaken by the government while rural development minister Nitin Gadkari briefed MPs about the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana, under which parliamentarians would adopt and develop model villages .
Modi urged his guests to convey to the masses that these initiatives were not aimed at curbing the interests of workers but, rather, were an exercise to ensure their rights were protected.
To an enquiry from the audience on the progress in the black money case, Jaitley said investigations in some cases were nearing conclusion and the government would soon file a charge sheet in court and also bring the names of foreign account holders in the public domain.
The event also saw the PM felicitate BJP president Amit Shah for the party’s victory in the Haryana and Maharashtra elections.

Jama Masjid s Shahi Imam Syed Ahmed Bukhari attackedMan tries to set Jama Masjid Imam on fire, held
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 26, 2014
First Published: 20:17 IST(26/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:03 IST(27/10/2014)
Comments
The Shahi Imam of north Delhi’s Jama Masjid was attacked by a 32-year-old man during evening prayers on Sunday, the police said.
Deepak Mishra, special CP (law & order), said the accused was overpowered and arrested from the scene and has been placed under arrest. He will be booked for attempt to murder.
The man, identified as one Kamaluddin, apparently wanted to set the Imam ablaze and is believed to be ‘mentally unstable’.
Syed Ahmed Bukhari was leading the Namaz of Maghrib when Kamaluddin ran up to him, poured kerosene on the Imam’s head and torso before unsuccessfully trying to light a lighter around 5:47 pm.
“Fortunately, he could not ignite the lighter. He was surrounded by the Imam’s personal security staff who then handed him over to the local police,” said a senior police officer. Apart from his defunct lighter, the police said they also found a matchbox in Kamaluddin’s pocket.
Imam Bukhari has recently chosen his 19-year-old son, Shaban, as his successor.
“Kamaluddin hails from 24 Parganas in West Bengal and seems to have some sort of mental problem. He told us he had travelled by train to Delhi specifically to target the Imam; further questioning and investigation is underway,” the officer added.

Serena wins fifth WTA Finals titleSerena wins fifth WTA Finals title
Brazil votes for next leader after bitter campaignBrazil votes for next leader after bitter campaign
Sonys chief to change groups scriptSony’s chief to change sprawling group’s script
By Jennifer Thompson in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df533f32-e4c8-11e3-9b2b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shiv Sena MPs attend Narendra Modis function  BJP MLAs to pick leader on TuesdayPrime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MP's during a High tea hosted by him at his residence in Delhi on Sunday evening. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: October 26, 2014 6:25 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 2:54 am
Even as Shiv Sena MPs, led by Union Minister Anant Geete, attended Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s high tea on Sunday, there was no word yet on a BJP-Sena alliance in Maharashtra. Meanwhile, the newly-elected BJP MLAs are set to meet on Tuesday to elect their legislature party leader and the Chief Minister designate.
State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis is the frontrunner for the post. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to attend the swearing-in ceremony, scheduled to be held at the Wankhede Stadium on October 30.
Confirming this, Vinod Tawde, Leader of Opposition in the Legislative Council, said: “The party has taken a decision to hold its legislature party meeting on October 28. The new CM will be sworn in on October 30.”
While stating that his party wants an alliance with the Sena, Tawde said, “The BJP believes the alliance with Shiv Sena should be through sincere feelings… Sena should join the government without any ifs and buts. It should give unconditional support to the BJP government.”
A senior Sena MP told The Indian Express, “Party president Uddhav Thackeray has kept all options open. We are keen on joining an alliance with the BJP in Maharashtra. But a lot depends on how it evolves. However, there is no reason for us to severe our ties at the Centre.”
Senior BJP leader Gajanan Kirtikar said, “It appears that state BJP leaders are not willing to have Sena as an alliance partner in Maharashtra.”
The BJP, which emerged as the single largest party with 122 seats, is confident that it will be able to face a vote of confidence with the help of smaller parties and independents. Moreover, the NCP has already offered its “unconditional” support.
“The lone MNS MLA, Sharad Sonawane, is also likely to support to the BJP government,” said a senior state BJP leader. However, MNS president Raj Thackeray has not made any statement yet.

ECB fails 25 banks in health check but problems largely solvedECB fails 25 banks in health check but problems largely solved
NDA can help chart new course for India: PMNDA can help chart new course for India: PM
Amazon again delivers soaring sales but posts a huge lossBy Sarah Halzack October 24 Follow @sarahhalzack
An Amazon.com pick-up and collect locker is pictured in Newbury Park, U.K. (Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg)
Amazon has long asked investors anxious for profits to be patient as it built its infrastructure and launched new services that it argued would position the e-commerce giant for long-term success. On Thursday, Amazon reported again that it has failed to turn a profit, this time posting a stunning loss of $437 million in the third quarter, compared to a $41 million loss in the same period last year.
The company’s stock dropped Friday and was down 7.4 percent in mid-morning trading, to about $290 share.
Amazon has been spending money on a wide range of projects.  It spent more than $1 billion to acquire video game platform Twitch in August.  It developed new versions of its Fire phone and Fire HD tablet.  It is creating original TV programs under its Amazon Prime Instant Video banner and expanded its AmazonFresh grocery delivery service into new markets.
With the release of six new tablets, Amazon is marking the largest single-day product release in the company's history. The Post's Hayley Tsukayama breaks down what you need to know about the new products. (Amazon’s founder and CEO, Jeffrey P. Bezos, is also the owner of The Washington Post.) (Nicki DeMarco and Hayley Tsukayama/The Washington Post)
But the continued losses appear to be making investors question whether the company that seeks to be “the everything store” is pulling itself in too many different directions. Amazon released the results after the markets closed, and the company’s stock fell more than 10 percent in after hours trading. Its stock has fallen more than 20 percent so far this year.
Amazon’s forecast for the crucial holiday season is also not especially encouraging:  The company expects sales to increase between 7 and 18 percent over the same quarter in 2013. While such sales growth is far better than what other major retailers expect, it would mark a slowdown in growth for the Amazon juggernaut.
In the most recent quarter,  Amazon raked in $20.58 billion in sales, a 20 percent increase over the same quarter last year.
Amazon has been in an “investment mode” for several years, Thomas Szkutak, the company’s chief financial officer, said in a conference call with investors. Given that position, company executives “know that we have to be very selective about what opportunities we pursue.” Szkutak did not give any indication that the company plans to pivot to focus more on delivering profits, saying, “Our goal is to maximize free cash flow over the long term.”
The company told investors that its Amazon Prime membership program has seen “great retention”  and is “growing very fast” despite increasing the price from $79 to $99 earlier this year.
Earlier this month, the Wall Street Journal reported that Amazon planned to open a physical location in Manhattan.  It’s not clear whether the location would be a temporary pop-up store or a permanent storefront.  While Amazon has not confirmed the report and did not address it during its call with investors Thursday, the move would represent a major shift in strategy for a company that upended brick-and-mortar retailing.
Disclosure: Amazon’s chief  executive, Jeffrey P. Bezos, owns The Washington Post.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

Confessions of a white Oxbridge maleConfessions of a white Oxbridge male
Simon Kuper
I feel very little sense of achievement. I didn’t get here on merit. I was born to be a minor establishment functionary
We straight white Oxbridge-educated males who rule Britain are used to periodic rumblings of discontent from below. Now the transvestite artist Grayson Perry, writing in the New Statesman magazine, has savaged what he calls “Default Man”: “With their colourful textile phalluses hanging round their necks, they make up an overwhelming majority in government, in boardrooms and also in the media.” The writer Caitlin Moran half-jokes that she is the only working-class Briton with a newspaper column: “I have the entire quota.”
Indeed, the Social Mobility and Child Poverty Commission notes that 59 per cent of the British cabinet, three-quarters of senior judges, half of diplomats, etc, went to Oxbridge. The typical chief executive attended Oxbridge or Harvard, says business data firm Qlik. Few of these people are women. Even those of us who groom the lower slopes of the establishment – pundits, MPs, and so forth – tend to be Oxbridge men.
More
Which way is Ireland going?
My caste produces the opinions that most British people are expected to swallow. However, the one topic we seldom discuss honestly is our own rule. So let me try to describe how it looks from up here.
We didn’t have to work very hard to get here. Luckily, the British establishment doesn’t demand workaholism, except for a few months around exams. The gentleman dilettante is still honoured (see David Cameron).
Our competition to get into Oxbridge was mostly limited to other white upper-middle-class males. After that, we began recruiting each other. When I applied to the FT 20 years ago, I think I was interviewed only by white Oxbridge men, all of them straight (except for one who soon afterwards came out of the closet).
My start in journalism was unimpressive but then I didn’t have much to prove: I already was a white Oxbridge male. Aged 28, I became a columnist at another British newspaper. Perry quotes the American writer John Scalzi, who “thought that being a straight white male was like playing the computer game called Life with the difficulty setting on ‘Easy’”.
©Luis Grañena
About the same time as I began work, a black friend started out at another newspaper. His news editor had little confidence in him, and my friend never got the career he wanted. Perhaps I now have his job.
We Oxbridge males help each other throughout life. Perry remarks that nobody talks about the “white middle-class community”. But it exists. Once, in a faraway land, I visited the British ambassador. Lo and behold, he was a straight white Oxbridge-educated male! He was like a friend I’d never met. He ended up giving me a briefing in his swimming pool. We Oxbridge males display exemplary class solidarity.
Our basic ideology is: trust in the system. After all, the system is run by chaps like me. I did my degree two minutes’ walk from Cameron’s college, and five minutes from the opposition leader Ed Miliband’s. I don’t identify with everyone in the establishment, because of intra-caste divides that are invisible to outsiders (for instance, Cameron is far posher than me) but the current popular rage at politicians bewilders me.
Like the communist rulers in 1989, we white Oxbridge males cannot defend our dominance with arguments. Most of us know we didn’t get here through individual brilliance. Perry is wrong when he says, “Default Man will never admit to, or be fully aware of, the tribal advantages of his identity.” I’m very aware of those advantages. That’s why, although I currently have a decent job at a good newspaper, I feel very little sense of achievement. My dad went to Cambridge. I was born to be a minor establishment functionary. That’s also why I’m not desperate for my children to join the establishment. What would it prove?
Our caste is always changing, just enough to make sure that everything stays the same. Lately we’ve learnt to lament the suffering of the disadvantaged. (I’m told that even younger members of the kleptocratic Angolan elite have mastered this rhetoric.) Indeed, many of the most stirring attacks on inequality and sexism are now produced by Oxbridge males – but then we produce most attacks on most things in Britain.
Given our podium, many of us feel a responsibility to lament our own power. But it’s hard to feel this viscerally. I believe that other people should rule. However, I’d like to hang on to my own spot. We will not make the revolution – or as the British say, turkeys don’t vote for Christmas.
We have expanded our caste a little. We now recruit some non-whites (preferably Oxbridge men). We’ve even begun admitting Oxbridge women. We just sideline them professionally the moment they make the mistake of giving birth. Still, our caste has kept raising the age at which females hit the glass ceiling: from zero, to 17 once they were allowed proper education, to 21 when we let them into Oxbridge, and now to 38. That’s progress, of sorts.
Perry warns darkly that Default Man might not rule for ever: “Things may be changing.” But I think we’ll hang on for a while yet.

Letter to the editor: Revive sick PSUsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

In India  revealing the children left behindE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Big oil discovery made near Ahmedabad in Cambay basinE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Vaiko demands rollback of  Aavin  milk price hike in Tamil Nadu by Jayalalithaa govtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Haryana govt contradicts Hoodas claim  says he was invited to Khattar swearing-inPrint
Outgoing Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda talking media in Chandigarh on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: October 26, 2014 8:59 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 9:02 pm
The new Haryana government on Sunday said that outgoing chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda was invited to the swearing-in of M L Khattar and a seat was reserved for him, contradicting the claim of the Congress leader that he did not receive an invitation.
The state government also said that Hooda’s name was among the dignitaries who were to receive Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Chandigarh Airport.
A Haryana government release this evening claimed that office of Deputy Commissioner, Rohtak had delivered an invitation card of the swearing-in ceremony at Hooda’s and Member of Parliament Deepender Singh Hooda’s residence at Rohtak on Saturday.
“The invitation was delivered by an official of office of DC, Rohtak at about 1 PM on October 25,” the release said. Apart from this, one chair was exclusively reserved for outgoing Chief Minister on dais, the release said, adding that Hooda’s name also figured among the dignitaries who were to receive the Prime Minister at Chandigarh Airport.
However, Hooda told reporters this afternoon, “I did not get the invite. Had I got one, I would have thought over it (whether to attend).”
A galaxy of leaders including the Prime Minister, L K Advani, Murli Manohar Joshi, several Union Ministers, Chief Ministers of four BJP-ruled states, besides others attended the ceremony of Khattar and his Council of Ministers. Khattar was sworn-in as the 10th Chief Minister of Haryana on Sunday.

At high tea  Narendra Modi tells NDA MPs to ensure  Clean India    MP Model Village    Jan Dhan  successE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Swachh Bharat  Jan Dhan on menu at Modis tea for alliesPrime Minister Narendra Modi felicitates BJP President Amit Shah during a High tea hosted by him for NDA MP's at his residence in New Delhi on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 9:28 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday hosted a high tea for all NDA MPs — the first such event after the BJP-led alliance came to power in May — and utilised the occasion to ask them to be a symbol of positive political entity.
At the event held at his Race Course residence, Modi also made a fervent appeal to all the NDA MPs to ensure the success of his ambitious projects like Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Jan Dhan scheme, Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana and labour reforms. The meeting lasted for about two hours during which the MPs were given presentations on these schemes.
“There was an elaborate discussion on many issues which the government has brought to the nation. We had an address by the Prime Minister who talked about cleanliness, various issues before the government, how a common MP can turn things in this country, how a common MP can be a symbol of positive political entity and how the respectability of politicians can be enhanced in the country,” said BJP general secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy after the meeting.
He said the Prime Minister talked on a wide range of issues. “The Prime Minister happily endorsed the achievements of the BJP and greeted Amit Shah on his victory in Haryana and Maharashtra,” Rudy said.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu coordinated the meeting where various departments made presentations.
(With PTI inputs)

25 eurozone banks fail in ECB financial heal...You are here: Home > Collections
25 European banks fail stress test, 12 have fixed holes already
Bloomberg Oct 27, 2014, 02.36AM IST
Tags:
Belgium
(Banks with a capital shortfall…)
FRANKFURT: Twenty-five banks including Italy's Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena SpA failed a stress test led by the European Central Bank, which said almost half of them must act to raise more capital. The central bank in Frankfurt identified a 25 billion-euro shortfall ($32 billion) for the region's lenders, and said 12 of them have now raised enough funds. Eleven banks need more capital, including Monte Paschi with a gap of 2.1 billion euros.
"Although this should restore some confidence and stability to the market, we are still far from a solution to the banking crisis and the challenges facing the banking sector," Colin Brereton, economic crisis response lead partner at PwC, said in an e-mailed statement. "The Comprehensive Assessment has bought time for some for Europe's banks." That two-part exam, comprising an Asset-Quality Review of balance sheets as of Dec. 31, 2013, and a stress test, forms one pillar of the ECB's drive to move the euro zone forward after half a decade of financial turmoil by making its impact on the banking system transparent.
Banks will have from six to nine months to fill the gaps and have been urged to tap financial markets first. The ECB's stress test was conducted in tandem with the London-based European Banking Authority. The EBA's sample largely overlaps the ECB's, though it also contains banks from outside the euro area.
ITALIAN BANKS
The ECB assessment showed Italian banks in particular are in need of more funds as they cope with bad loans and the country's third recession since 2008. Monte Paschi, Italy's third-biggest bank, Banca Carige SpA and two other smaller cooperative lenders have a combined 3.3 billion-euro gap that must be replenished because the measures taken this year weren't sufficient, the Bank of Italy said in a statement today. "The minister is confident that the residual shortfalls will be covered through further market transactions and that the high transparency guaranteed by the Comprehensive Assessment will allow to easily complete such transactions," Italy's finance ministry said in a statement. Of the 13 banks that the ECB identified as having not raised enough capital, two Greek ones are exempted because their repair plans are already in progress.
BUSINESS MODELS
"The Comprehensive Assessment allowed us to compare banks across borders and business models," ECB Supervisory Board Chair Daniele Nouy said in a statement. "The findings will enable us to draw insights and conclusions for supervision going forward." The ECB said lenders will need to adjust their asset valuations by 48 billion euros, taking into account the reclassification of an extra 136 billion euros of loans as non performing.
The stock of bad loans in the euro-area banking system now stands at 879 billion euros, the report said. Italian banks will have to implement the largest asset-value adjustments according to the findings of the review, equivalent to 12 billion euros. Greek banks will have to revalue by 7.6 billion euros, and German banks by 6.7 billion euros, the report showed. Italian lenders were buffeted by the stress test, suffering a hit to capital of 35.5 billion euros, followed by French banks with 30.8 billion euros.
 
German banks would see capital reduced by 27 billion euros in the stress scenario, the report said. Under the simulated recession set out in the assessment's stress test, banks' common equity Tier 1 capital would be depleted by 263 billion euros, or by 4 percentage points. The median CET1 ratio --a key measure of financial strength --would therefore fall to 8.3% from 12.4%. Nouy has said banks will be required to cover any capital shortfalls revealed by the assessment, "primarily from private sources."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi govt to convert Johad in Uttam Nagar into living lakeDelhi govt to convert Johad in Uttam Nagar into living lake
Think big  think far: PM Modi tells NDA MPs over high teaThink big  think far: PM Modi tells NDA MPs over high tea
The CEO fad for extreme exercise has gone too farThe CEO fad for extreme exercise has gone too far
Lucy Kellaway
Sport does not broaden an executive’s worldview. Virtually everything else does
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/262d8c6c-593d-11e4-9546-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New York doctor tests positive for EbolaLast updated: October 24, 2014 5:07 am
New York doctor tests positive for Ebola
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b159694-5b20-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The problem that Gucci and Abercrombie have in commonShoppers exit a Gucci store in Hong Kong. (Lam Yik Fei/Bloomberg)
Gucci, the purveyor of ultra-high-end handbags, sunglasses and other accessories, reported some not-so-glamorous earnings results on Thursday.
Kering, the Paris-based fashion conglomerate, said that Gucci sales dipped 1.6 percent in the third quarter, even as other luxury brands in its stable saw healthy growth.  Yves Saint Laurent, for example, saw sales soar 27.6 percent, while sales at Bottega Veneta rose 10.4 percent.
The Wall Street Journal’s Manuela Mesco wrote a story yesterday exploring why Gucci sales are flagging .  One of the key reasons, she reported, is that the brand has become so widely recognized and so prolific that women are turning away from it because it no longer feels unique or special.
It’s a familiar story, one that is playing out at numerous other high-end fashion brands.  Michael Kors stock has been sliding from record highs as the company projects its rocketing sales growth is about to slow down. Analysts have said that Kors is cooling off because it has lost its exclusivity amid rapid expansion.  Same goes for Coach:  As the luxury brand went big with outlet stores that peddled its iconic bags at cheaper prices, luxury shoppers started to abandon the brand.
There are some parallels here to the struggles encountered by the one-time kings of teen retail , Abercrombie & Fitch, American Eagle Outfitters and Aeropostale. Each of these brands is struggling to entice customers as the middle-school and high-school set increasingly flock to competitors such as H&M and Forever 21.  Teens have in part been attracted to the low prices and trendy styles carried by the fast-fashion retailers, but they’ve also been lured by clothing that they believe makes them stand out, not blend in.  The logoed apparel at a store such as Abercrombie, they say, lacks originality. Many teens now find it tacky to brazenly display where their clothing comes from.
And that position is not all that different from what luxury shoppers are saying about ubiquitous brands such as Gucci, Michael Kors and Coach.
For example, here’s what shopper Helen Nonini told Mesco about getting rid of her collection of Gucci bags: “I just don’t want to be categorized,” Nonini said. “I don’t want someone in the street to look at me and know right away who designed the bag I’m carrying or how much I paid for it.”
It’s a sentiment that has striking similarity to what 14-year-old Isis Corbett told The Washington Post in August about why she doesn’t like to shop at Abercrombie.
“A lot of teenage girls wear it, so everyone else has it,” Corbett, said. But “you can find more unique things here,” she added, standing among racks of jewelry in Forever 21.
So while Gucci may be hawking $3,950 python and and bamboo handbags and Abercrombie is selling $88 super-skinny jeans , their challenges aren’t all that different: Both retailers have to find a way to win back a customer that seeks a distinctive, one-of-a-kind look that won’t make them appear to simply follow the fashion pack.
 
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

Behold  An Old-School Cassette Player That Streams Spotifyreddit
Do you love the at-your-fingertips convenience of modern music consumption, but get nostalgic for the days of the cassette tape? One man is having it both ways, by retrofitting an old cassette player to play music via Spotify.
To get the effect seen in the video above, British developer Matt Brailsford loaded a cassette player with a small computer called Raspberry Pi . He then attached near field communication (NFC) tags -- the same technology that lets you pay for things with your smartphone -- to old cassette tapes. The tags signal which Spotify playlist the recorder plays.
Brailsford told CNET that the entire process took him about two or three weeks . Most of that time was spent figuring out how to fill the old cassette player with new components so that the "pause," "stop," "next" and "previous" buttons all work. The old "record" button turns the system on , Engadget pointed out.
Brailsford said he got the idea when a friend showed him an iRecorder , a cassette player-inspired speaker for iPhones.
"That brought back tons of happy memories of creating mixtapes for (potential) girlfriends, and recording the charts every Saturday while trying not to get the DJ's voice in the recording," Brailsford told CNET.
For more detail on how Brailsford made the Spotify-playing cassette recorder, click over to CNET.
More:

A new Warsaw museum devoted to Jewish-Polish history© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/86f06bbc-5a48-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FTs Paris bureau chief on his illuminating stay in the City of LightFT’s Paris chief on his illuminating stay in the City of Light
Hugh Carnegy
From state dinners to roller-tours, three years in the heart of the city gave Hugh Carnegy some memorable moments
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/55d2ed0e-5519-11e4-b616-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

YOUNG TURKS DIWALI SPECIALDhoni is defenitly a genius in...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 12:15      Category: Rei Agro
   37 comments
Media Report is your technical...>
Posted by: ashmaxim      At: 06 Dec 2014 10:58      Category: SpiceJet
Advances & Declines

We need to reinvent... but Rahul  Sonia not responsible for defeatE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

http://usat.ly/1ruys04Middle-class adults have $20K saved for retirement
A third aren't contributing anything to a 401(k), IRA or other retirement savings plan.
Post to Facebook
Middle-class adults have $20K saved for retirement A third aren't contributing anything to a 401(k), IRA or other retirement savings plan. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wk8zFf
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
114
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Middle-class adults have $20K saved for retirement
Nanci Hellmich , USA TODAY 10:10 a.m. EDT October 22, 2014
A third aren't contributing anything to a 401(k), IRA or other retirement savings plan.
Middle-class people in the USA have about $20,000 saved for retirement, far short of the $250,000 they think they'll need during that time of their lives, a new survey shows.
(Photo: iStockphoto)
4183 CONNECT 338 TWEET 301 LINKEDIN 114 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Middle-class people in the USA have a median of $20,000 saved for retirement, far short of the $250,000 they think they'll need during that time of their lives, a new survey shows.
A third (34%) of working middle-class adults aren't contributing anything to a 401(k), IRA or other retirement savings plan, according to the survey of 1,001 adults, ages 25 to 75, with a median household income of $63,000. The survey was conducted by Harris Poll for Wells Fargo (WFC).
Those who are putting away money for retirement are currently saving a median of $125 every month, the survey shows. About 61% say they're not sacrificing a lot to save for retirement, but 38% are sacrificing to tuck away money for their golden years.
And 55% say they plan to save later for retirement in order to make up for not doing enough now.
"The main message here is people are putting off saving, and they are losing the benefit of long-term compounded earnings," says Joe Ready, director of institutional retirement for Wells Fargo. "Kicking the empty can down the road is going to be detrimental to their retirement security. It's really a problem."
Other survey findings:
• 31% of employed middle-class adults say they won't have enough money to survive in retirement.
• 70% have a 401(k) or equivalent plan available to them through their employer, and a majority of them (93%) are currently contributing to their plans. On average, those who have access to a 401(k) plan saved 10 times more than those who don't have a plan.
• 50% of middle-class adults in their 50s say they will work until they are at least 80 years old because they will not have enough saved for retirement.
Research shows that the No. 1 factor in saving for retirement is your contribution rate, Ready says. "You have to save your way to retirement. That's the hard work. Investments matter, but savings matter more."
USA TODAY contributor Regina Lewis explains how to avoid retirement myths. (Money Quick Tips, USA TODAY)

The androgynous boxer-hybrid is here to stay  whether you like it or notOctober 24, 2014 5:13 pm
The return of the grundie
Jo Ellison
A full debrief on how grunge-era underwear came back into fashion
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b6bc5438-586c-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Southern Naval Command gets new Chief of StaffYou are here: Home > Collections
Southern Naval Command gets new Chief of Staff
PTI Oct 26, 2014, 06.43PM IST
Tags:
Atul Kumar Jain
(Rear Admiral Atul Kumar Jain today…)
KOCHI: Rear Admiral Atul Kumar Jain today assumed office as Chief of Staff of Southern Naval Command here.
He has taken over the charge from Rear Admiral M S Pawar, who is appointed as the Flag Officer, Maharashtra and Gujarat area (FOMAG), a Naval press release said.
Commissioned in July 1982, and an alumnus of National Defence Academy (Pune), Defence Services Staff College (Wellington), College of Naval Warfare (Mumbai) and the National Defence College, Pretoria, South Africa, Rear Admiral Atul Kumar Jain is a Gunnery and a missile specialist.
His tenures include, command of INS Nirghat (missile boat), INS Khukri (missile corvette), INS Rajput (destroyer) and the indigenous destroyer INS Mysore, Commissioning Executive Officer of INS Brahmaputra, Fleet Operations Officer of the Eastern Fleet, Visakhapatnam, Director, Naval Intelligence (Protocol), Director Foreign Liaison and Principal Director, Staff Requirements, at Integrated Headquarters, Ministry of Defence (Navy), the release said.
Rear Admiral Atul Kumar Jain has served as the first Flag Officer Commanding, Karnataka Naval area, Karwar. During this tenure, he was instrumental in setting up of base support facilities for INS Vikramaditya at the Naval Base Karwar.
Recipient of Vishisht Seva Medal in 2009, he was commanding the Eastern Fleet of the Indian Navy at Vishakhapatnam prior to his present appointment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Defence ministry clears projects of worth Rs 80 000 crDefence ministry clears projects of worth Rs 80 000 cr
Indian-born sundar pichai becomes googleand#8217;s product chiefIndian-born sundar pichai becomes googleand#8217;s product chief
Is Poroshenko set to win an outright majoritySign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Rightwing muscles in on Ukraine electionRightwing groups muscle in on Ukraine election
Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/874427c0-5ad9-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP ready to partner Shiv Sena  but no preconditions: TawdeBJP ready to partner Shiv Sena  but no preconditions: Tawde
Editorial: Rate cut aheadE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

IT hits a speed breakerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apple CEO Says Had  Very Open  Talks in China: Xinhuaapple ceo says had  very open  talks in china: xinhua
Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections pull off  mission impossibleShah Rukh Khan scripts 'Happy New Year' box office collections 'mission impossible' success
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 27 2014, 07:25  IST
Oct 27 2014, 07:25  IST
 

In pics: Communal clashes hit east Delhi s TrilokpuriBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

Manohar Lal Khattar: Challenges before new BJP Haryana chief ministerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar firmly rooted to groundE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sundar Pichai to Take over Google Android Division from Chief Andy RubinSundar Pichai to Take over Google Android Division from Chief Andy Rubin
Ulips cheaper  but funds more portableUlips cheaper  but funds more portable
Parts of UK  under seige  from immigration: ...Parts of Britain are "under seige" from immigration, prompting the government is looking at ways to stem the number of EU workers arriving, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Parts of Britain are "under seige" from immigration, prompting the government is looking at ways to stem the number of EU workers arriving, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said Sunday.
"In some areas of the UK, down the east coast, towns do feel under siege, (with) large numbers of migrant workers and people claiming benefits," Fallon told the BBC .
"We are looking at changing that to make sure there is some control. We are fully entitled to say this is making a difference to us, that now needs to be dealt with."
Fallon said London was determined to push ahead with immigration reforms, despite a blunt warning on Saturday from German Chancellor Angela Merkel that any attempts to "tamper with the fundamental principles of free movement in the EU" would not be tolerated by Britain's European partners.
"The Germans haven't seen our proposals yet and we haven't seen our proposals yet, and that's still being worked on at the moment to see what we can do to prevent whole towns and communities being swamped by huge numbers of migrants," Fallon said.
British Prime Minister David Cameron's Conservative Party is aiming to curb immigration, as it faces increased electoral pressure from the anti-EU UK Independence Party.
Unless the prime minister can woo back right-wing voters tempted by UKIP's hardline rhetoric, party faithful fear that they will lose next year's general election to the Labour Party.
Under EU rules, citizens of most EU countries have the right to live and work in any other EU country.
Cameron has vowed to offer Britons a referendum by 2017 on whether to stay in the EU or not, if his party wins the 2015 election.

Delhi: Nobel Memorial Wall inaugurated at Rajiv Chowk Metro stationComments
The Embassy of Sweden and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) on Sunday jointly inaugurated 'The Nobel Memorial Wall' at Rajiv Chowk Metro station in Delhi.
"The aim of exhibiting this wall is to spread further awareness about all the Nobel laureates from India and will be on display from the October 26 to November 1," a DMRC spokesperson said.
The Nobel Memorial Wall exhibits portraits of Rabindranath Tagore, C V Raman, Dr Hargobind Khorana, Mother Teresa, Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar, Amartya Sen, Venkatraman Ramakrishnan, and this year's Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailash Satyarthi for his "struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education".
A view of  Nobel Memorial Wall at Rajiv Chowk Metro Station in New Delhi on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
DMRC managing director Mangu Singh and Ambassador of Sweden to India Harald Sandberg together unveiled the wall in the presence of Ambassador of Norway to India Eivind S Homme.
Speaking on the occasion, Singh said, "It is a matter of pride for us to host the Nobel Memorial Wall with the Embassy of Sweden to honour our Nobel laureates. The contributions of our Nobel laureates have given India recognition all over the world. The Nobel Wall is a unique way to honour them. It also gives an opportunity to our youth to know about our Nobel laureates while they are on the move." "The inauguration of the Nobel Wall at Rajiv Chowk has become a sort of tradition to mark the beginning of the Sweden India Nobel Memorial Week. I would like to thank DMRC for partnering with us in this initiative where we pay a tribute to Indian Nobel laureates for their contribution to the world," Sandberg said.
DMRC MD Mangu Singh during the inaguration of Nobel Memorial Wall at Rajiv Chowk Metro Station in New Delhi. (PTI Photo)
"We are extremely delighted to have an addition to the wall this year with a panel on Kailash Satyarthi, winner of the Peace Prize for 2014," the Ambassador added.

ML Khattar takes oath as Haryana s first BJP chief ministerML Khattar takes oath as Haryana's first BJP CM
Hitender Rao , Hindustan Times  Chandigarh, October 26, 2014
First Published: 08:24 IST(26/10/2014) | Last Updated: 13:05 IST(27/10/2014)
Comments
Manohar Lal Khattar, Haryana's first chief minister from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), took oath at a high-profile event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Panchkula on Sunday.
Manohar Lal Khattar, Haryana’s new chief minister waves to the crowd during his oath taking ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Alongside the 60-year-old former Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) activist, nine ministers -six holding cabinet ranks and three ministers of state (independent charge) - were also sworn in.
Haryana governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath of office and secrecy to Khattar at the Mela Ground in Sector 5 of Panchkula town, adjoining Chandigarh.
Apart from Modi, the high-profile event was attended by some of his cabinet colleagues, chief ministers of BJP-ruled states and RSS leaders.  Senior BJP leaders such as Lal Krishna Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi were also present.
Khattar is the 10th chief minister of the state, which was created November 1, 1966.
It is after 18 years that a non-Jat was sworn in as the Haryana chief minister. Before Khattar, the last non-Jat CM was Bhajan Lal, a Bishnoi. He had been in power from 1991 to 1996.
Since 1996, successive Jat leaders — Bansi Lal of the HVP-BJP, Om Prakash Chautala of the Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and Bhupinder Singh Hooda of the Congress — have ruled the state.
The BJP had scripted history in the recently held Haryana assembly elections, winning 47 of the 90 seats in the state that helped the party form the government on its own.  The party's vote share, too, had galloped from 9% to 33%.
The six cabinet ministers sworn-in on the occasion were Ram Bilas Sharma, Abhimanyu, OP Dhankar, Anil Vij, Rao Narvir Singh and Kavita Jain.
The ministers of state (MoS) who were administered the oath of office and secrecy were Bikram Singh Thekedar, Krishan Bedi and Karan Dev Kamboj. They all will hold independent charges.
(L to R) Rambliash Sharma, Manohar Lal Khattar, Anil Vij and OP Dhankar during the oath ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Who is Khattar?
Khattar - a Punjabi - is a sworn bachelor. He has the backup of the RSS and is seen as close to Modi, who endorsed his name for the CM's post in Haryana.
Khattar's selection silenced his critics, who said he lacks administrative experience as well as a popular base.
Khattar, often dubbed an "outsider" by rivals, also outdid the Jat-Punjabi rivalry that runs deep in the northern state.
"The majority view is in favour of having a non-Jat as chief minister," a BJP leader had said earlier.
Khattar, who had been an RSS pracharak for the past 40 years and an active BJP member for more than 20 years, won the Karnal seat with a big margin of more than 63,000 votes in his debut election.
He belongs to Rohtak's Nindana village.
Khattar has worked as an organising secretary in Haryana BJP when Modi was the in-charge of party affairs in the state.
The very fact that the BJP fielded him from Karnal, considered a rather safe seat for the party, gave ample indication of its plans for the Punjabi leader.
Kaptan Singh Solanki, Haryana governor and Manohar Lal Khattar during the oath ceremony at Panchkula on Sunday. (HT Photo)
Challenges ahead
The new chief minister has no previous administrative experience. He will have to take care of his greenhorn cabinet team as well.
Khattar, who is known in the BJP circles as a strategist, will be tested for his administrative acumen and the ability to deliver.
All in the stars?
Planetary positions seem to have decided the day and the time of Khattar's oath-taking.
It was evident from the official invite to the swearing-in ceremony, where the time of oath-taking was printed as a precise 11.23am.
"The date and the time seem to have been chosen carefully," said Chandigarh-based astrologer Prem Kumar Sharma, adding: "Tritiya tithi and Anuradha nakshatra fall on October 26, which are quite favourable (star positions)."
Another astrologer said that at the time, Mangal (Mars) would be in lagna (ascendant).
"Mars is a planet of aggression, which shows that the new chief minister would be an assertive individual. During this period, Sun will be in the 11th house, which is a house of gains but associated with enemy planets Venus and Saturn, indicating loss of sheen in governance," said the fortuneteller.
(with IANS inputs)

Delhi: Jama Masjid s Shahi Imam attackedMan tries to set Jama Masjid Imam on fire, held
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 26, 2014
First Published: 20:17 IST(26/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:03 IST(27/10/2014)
Comments
The Shahi Imam of north Delhi’s Jama Masjid was attacked by a 32-year-old man during evening prayers on Sunday, the police said.
Deepak Mishra, special CP (law & order), said the accused was overpowered and arrested from the scene and has been placed under arrest. He will be booked for attempt to murder.
The man, identified as one Kamaluddin, apparently wanted to set the Imam ablaze and is believed to be ‘mentally unstable’.
Syed Ahmed Bukhari was leading the Namaz of Maghrib when Kamaluddin ran up to him, poured kerosene on the Imam’s head and torso before unsuccessfully trying to light a lighter around 5:47 pm.
“Fortunately, he could not ignite the lighter. He was surrounded by the Imam’s personal security staff who then handed him over to the local police,” said a senior police officer. Apart from his defunct lighter, the police said they also found a matchbox in Kamaluddin’s pocket.
Imam Bukhari has recently chosen his 19-year-old son, Shaban, as his successor.
“Kamaluddin hails from 24 Parganas in West Bengal and seems to have some sort of mental problem. He told us he had travelled by train to Delhi specifically to target the Imam; further questioning and investigation is underway,” the officer added.

Investors welcome Europe s bank tests as step in right directionInvestors welcome Europe s bank tests as step in right direction
Britain ends combat role in AfghanistanBMW's new M4 India review
The renowned M3 badge may be alive and kicking to refer to the ‘M’ version of the latest generation of BMW’s 3-series sedan but for all intents and purposes, it is this car – the new M4 – which is the real successor to the legendary BMW M3 Coupé.
It turns out Kawasaki’s big bike portfolio is steadily evolving at a welcome pace in India, with each successive motorcycle pretty much at the top of its game, even in terms of the crucial affordability factor.
other stories

DeLorean franchises take fans Back to the Future with DMC salesDeLorean franchises take fans Back to the Future with DMC sales
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Automotive Industry Back to the Future (movie) Trips and Vacations
DeLorean dealer in Crystal Lake, Ill. lets fans go back in time by selling fully restored DMCs.
Whoa, this is heavy. DeLoreans are still being made by DMC franchises cashing in on nostalgic BTF fans.
Great Scott! Fully restored DeLoreans go Back to the Future for 30th anniversary of iconic 80s film.
One year from today will be Wednesday, Oct. 21, 2015, the date to which Doc Brown flew Marty McFly 30 years into the space-time continuum with the help of their flux-capacitor-powered DeLorean time machine in "Back to the Future." Yet we're still waiting on those flying cars, hoverboards and power-lacing sneakers. One company, however, is making DeLorean time machines.
Caption 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe
Lexus
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever...
The 2015 Lexus RC F Coupe will make its world debut at the 2014 North American International Auto Show in Detroit on Jan. 14. Based on the RC Coupe Lexus debuted at the Tokyo Motor Show in November, the F variant will use a V-8 engine and will be "the most powerful V-8 performance car ever... (Lexus)
Caption 2015 Subaru WRX
Chicago Tribune, Robert Duffer
The redesigned 2015 Subaru WRX rally-inspired all-wheel-drive compact sedan with the wide body and the distinctive hood scoop remains the best total package for space and sport under $30,000.
The redesigned 2015 Subaru WRX rally-inspired all-wheel-drive compact sedan with the wide body and the distinctive hood scoop remains the best total package for space and sport under $30,000. (Chicago Tribune, Robert Duffer)
Caption 2015 Ford Mustang EcoBoost
Ford
The Ecoboost version is the middle child of the new Mustang lineup. It starts at $25,995 and comes with a 2.3-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine that makes 310 horsepower and 320 pound-feet of torque.
The Ecoboost version is the middle child of the new Mustang lineup. It starts at $25,995 and comes with a 2.3-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine that makes 310 horsepower and 320 pound-feet of torque. (Ford)
See more galleries
New cars for 2015
Most of the 2015 models are hitting dealer lots in the third quarter of 2014. Here's a look at redesigned or all-new 2015 vehicles.
New cars for 2015
Most of the 2015 models are hitting dealer lots in the third quarter of 2014. Here's a look at redesigned or all-new 2015 vehicles.
Yes, you can travel back in time on a nostalgia trip in an honest-to-goodness DeLorean car courtesy of the DeLorean Motor Co., which continues to keep the short-lived, long-defunct brand running all these years later. It not only restores and sells traditional DeLoreans, the company outfits some to be replicas of the famed movie car ... at a price.
The new DeLorean Motor Co., or DMC, is headquartered near Houston and has franchise locations near Fort Meyers, Fla., Chicago and Seattle, and in Huntington Beach, Calif., and The Netherlands. The company restores the cars and sells genuine DeLorean parts acquired from the original manufacturer after its ignominious ending just three model years (1981 to 1983) into production, when founder John DeLorean was arrested on drug-trafficking charges (of which he was later acquitted) and declared bankruptcy. DeLorean, who died in 2005, had previously worked at GM, helping develop a number of well-known cars before striking out on his own with the goal of creating an affordable performance car with a forward-thinking design. It was ironically nicknamed "the ethical sports car."
The result was the DeLorean — which also went by DMC-12, a working title that never caught on — unmistakable due to its unique, bare, stainless-steel body and gull-wing doors. While touted as a performance car, the rear-engine, rear-wheel-drive coupe's specs wouldn't really be considered very impressive in today's era of the 700-horsepower  2015 Dodge Challenger  Hellcat. Its 2.85-liter, twin-turbo V-6 makes just 130 horsepower and is mated to either a five-speed manual transmission good for 18/28 mpg city/highway, or a three-speed automatic good for 18/25 mpg. While the DeLorean's top speed is about 130 mph, U.S. speedometers around the time of the era's oil crisis were mandated only to reach 85 — which, incidentally, is 3 mph shy of the 88 mph needed to get the "Back to the Future" DeLorean up to flaming-tire-track-leaving time-travel speed.
Although DeLorean had initially intended to sell his Northern Ireland-manufactured car for $12,000, the expense of producing the would-be BMW competitor forced that price up to the then-rather-spendy $28,000. By the end, only 9,200 had been built in a factory equipped to produce 30,000 cars a year — leaving stockpiles of unused DeLorean parts.

DeLorean Motor Co s DMCCaption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)
Caption DeLorean DMC franchise
Matt Schmitz
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future."
DMC-Midwest is a franchise in Crystal Lake, Ill. that specializes in restoring the time machine from "Back to the Future." (Matt Schmitz)

Indian Hotels CompanyCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Tash Elwyn Thinks Like A Woman-How Raymond James Private Client Group Is Better For Thatreddit
Woe is me - a lonely woman in financial services who's been known to use the Twitter hashtag #nolineintheladiesroom. Women (mostly in marketing and human resources roles) represent just over 40 % of the workforce in financial services and wealth management, but a lot less (Cerulli estimates 11%) in financial advisory roles. As the first woman elected to the Hedge Fund Association (HFA) Global Board Of Directors in 2014, I am thrilled with the progress, but know women have so far to go! What can one woman and a spoon do to move an entire mountain? Who can help?
Enter Tash Elwyn - a guy who can think like a 'woman,' but roll with the rest of the guys in private wealth. Tash is a 'mutt,' a self-proclaimed Alex Keaton character from the popular 80's TV sitcom, Family Ties. A conservative kid of very liberal parents, even his name is a tip-off: Tash. Tashtego, his namesake, was a brave, revered Native American harpooner from the epic novel, Moby Dick. An unlikely beginning for the president of Raymond James & Associates (RJA) Private Client Group, a so-called unicorn on Wall Street, is someone who deserves your attention to this story. Born in Boston but raised outside of Atlanta, Tash followed his parents (not on @Twitter but in political leaning) by majoring in political science, studying Russian, and being accepted into and almost joining the Peace Corps after graduation. Stay with me, I promise this is a story about financial services.
It turns out Tash's 2nd career choice was financial services. While these two 'missions,' at first glance may seem at odds, I learned that it made perfect sense in Tash's mind. A financial advisor is a mashup of advisor, rabbi, priest, and physician. We are a trusted profession, Tash emphasized, not an "industry." Tash feels that he crossed the Rubicon from the Peace Corps to leading a division of Raymond James with more than 2,400 financial advisors while each day demonstrating his underlying belief, a duty to serve clients who put their faith into their financial advisor.
In discussing the recent Raymond James Women's Symposium, I was pushing Tash to tell me why yet another women's conference was important. "It's all about understanding each other," Tash said casually. " I am energized by the range of topics we discuss, from Smashbox makeup to asset allocation! Any opportunity to be present with our advisors, especially our female advisors, hear from them, visit with them and learn alongside them is important to me."  It was at that moment I realized that Tash Elwyn could think like a woman and how Raymond James financial advisors, women, men, and end clients could all benefit from his outlook, attitude and refreshing point of view, as opposed to the proverbial 'stale, pale and male,' that I usually meet.
Tell me more, I asked Tash, and he did willingly, openly and honestly. Even though he is a senior C-suite executive at a leading financial services firm, it became the smallest part of the conversation. Whether Tash Elwyn is of Emory University, the Peace Corps, Raymond James Private Client Group, or whether he is a son, husband or father, he is comfortable talking Smashbox cosmetics or market volatility without a wardrobe change.
While today's advisors (professionals) should strive to shed any veneer and be themselves, it seems to be a way of life for Tash. We quickly moved to parenting where Tash told me, "Days are long; years are short." As I have just delivered my youngest son, my 'baby', to college, I certainly knew what he meant. I have often thought of my own parenting experience and of my own boys, ages 21 & 19, as an 'internship' of sorts to my own financial services career. Growing up with one sister and no brothers certainly colored my world.
As soon as Tash told me that he had a 13 y/o daughter and an 11 y/o son, I could not wait to hear about his kids. Tash said, "My daughter, Sophie, is focused and amazing. Here is a typical morning scenario: to brother Johnny, 'It's 7:10 am and you are not wearing a belt. Those pants need a belt.' To me, 'Dad we are leaving in 7 minutes and you have no tie. I don't want you to be late!" 13 going on 30 as girls are overall more mature than boys. Tash went on to tell me about one time he was able to make it home for family dinner during the week, his daughter asked, "Why are you home so early? Isn't there always one more thing to do?" Of course, now my story makes sense, and now you can see why the Peace Corps is not a million miles away from Wall Street; you can see from your backyard.
If you become the type of man (in financial services) who can say emotional intelligence without laughing, listening to what clients (and people) are telling you, helping them to separate the signal from the noise, you also can be a man who can think like a woman - someone who is the new fresh-faced voice of Wall Street. Tash feels his role as president of RJA's Private Client Group is an opportunity to impact societal good, to embrace a fiduciary responsibility and to change the world through capitalism and good advice. Tash is a Gen Xer, a, "we, our & us," guy and not a, "I me, my," guy.
I saw that Raymond James had a yoga session at their women's conference and I know that Tash was sitting with some of the advisors after the class during which time he discussed Smashbox cosmetics with ease. I neglected to ask him if he took the yoga class. But I would not be surprised to learn that he was the teacher.
Follow April Rudin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/TheRudinGroup
More:

Editorial: Getting black backE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

S.S. Rajendran (1928-2014)S.S. Rajendran (1928-2014)
Oct 24, 2014
“Latchiya Nadigar” S.S. Rajendran, who breathed his last on October 24, 2014, made his presence felt in both politics and cinema. Photo courtesy: Agani Publishers

Azim Premji  Shiv Nadar  Niraj Goel in Asian tech billionaire listE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Jet Airways COO quits in eighth top-level exitHi Guest
Jet Airways COO quits in eighth top-level exit
Jet Airways chief operating officer (designate) Subodh Karnik is learnt to have quit the airline. This is the eighth top-level exit in the airline in recent months.Confirming the development, a Jet Airways spokesperson said: “Subodh Karnik, chief operating officer (designate), will be leaving  Jet Airways for family reasons and is returning to Atlanta to be closer to his wife and children who were unable to move to India. He will continue to work with Jet Airways in an advisory ...

Defence Ministry Clears Defence Projects of Worth Rs. 80000 CrDefence Ministry Clears Defence Projects of Worth Rs. 80000 Cr
Office assistant  45  arrested for Bangalore schoolrapeThe arrest was made on the basis of medical evidence, statements by the child, and a confession by the suspect.
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: October 25, 2014 9:03 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 9:04 pm
The Bangalore police on Saturday arrested a 45- year-old office assistant at an international school in connection with a sexual assault on a four year old pre-nursery student. The accused has been identified as Gundappa Munivenkatappa, 45, of AK Colony in Jalahalli North Bangalore.
The arrest was made on the basis of medical evidence, statements by the child, and a confession by the suspect, police commissioner M N Reddi said.
“The case is still under investigation and we can’t disclose more details. We have recorded the confession statement of the accused person before the concerned magistrate under the provisions of section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code,” Reddi said.
The commissioner said the case proved a tough one to crack because the victim was a four-year-old and obtaining her statements were not easy.
Reddi said that the school did not have clearances from the education department for imparting education. The police have registered a separate case about the school functioning without permits.

Three more women tortured in Assam for allegedly practicingwitchcraftPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 25, 2014 8:55 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 9:13 pm
Ten days after a woman athlete was dubbed as a witch and subjected to physical torture in Karbi Anglong district, central Assam,  three more women have been targeted under similar charges in Tinsukia district in upper Assam.
The three women, Mala Bhumij, Ratani Kond and Gangi Orang, were beaten up and physically tortured by several men and women until police reached the spot and rescued them. The incident happened in Koomsong, a 720-hectare tea estate owned by McLeod Russel, whose website says it is the largest tea producer in the world.
While the incident took place yesterday, the police have not been able to arrest the main culprit, a local “bez” (faith-healer) called Santosh, with SP Akhilesh Kumar Singh saying he was absconding.
“A local bez on failing to cure a sick 14-year old boy put the blame on witchcraft and pointed at three women living close by following which the neighbours turned violent and severely beat up the three women. Luckily we intervened on time and saved the women from being lynched,” SP Singh told The Indian Express on Saturday.
A case was registered against the “bez”, but police have not been able to trace him despite raids in several houses. The 14-year boy, whom the police had shifted to the Assam Medical Hospital in Dibrugarh, died on Saturday. He was suffering from acute liver cirrhosis.
“The three women, who were initially moved to the local police station, have been shifted to an undisclosed location after an angry crowd blocked the highway demanding that the three women be handed over to them,” SP Singh said. The police had to resort to lathicharge to disperse the mob and clear the highway.
Tinsukia deputy commissioner Puru Gupta said this incident of targeting innocent persons in the name of witchcraft happened despite a series of campaigns carried out under “Mission Birubala” by well-known social reformer Birubala Rabha, who was a survivor of such an attack several years ago.
It was only on October 15 that Debajani Bora, a well-known veteran athlete and winner of several national and international level medals, was tortured by a group of men and women inside a naam-ghar (community prayer hall) at Dokmoka in Karbi Anglong after a local priest “identified” her as a witch who had allegedly spread diseases and misfortune among the local people.
While a group of men tied Bora with a fishing net, video clippings taken by some persons on the mobile phone showed the priest, one Biswa Medhi, sitting on the woman and beating her up. At least ten persons including eight women, have been already arrested in connection with the incident.

BJP shying away from polls in Delhi: Cong AAPPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 8:44 pm
Aam Aadmi Party and Congress on Saturday accused BJP of running away from assembly elections in Delhi, soon after Election Commission announced bypolls for three assembly constituencies in the city.
BJP, however, rejected the criticism.
AAP and Congress said announcement of bypolls in Delhi clearly indicated that BJP was “scared” to dissolve the assembly and hold fresh elections.
“BJP is running away from elections in Delhi. AAP is fully ready for the byelections.
“I am really really amazed that despite tall claims of ‘Modi wave’, why is BJP so scared of calling elections in Delhi?,” AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal tweeted.
AAP and Congress have been demanding dissolution of Delhi assembly to pave the way for holding of fresh polls.
“My sources – BJP’s internal survey shows that if Delhi elections were held today, AAP would get overwhelming majority,” Kejriwal said.
Delhi Congress Chief Spokesperson Mukesh Sharma said announcement of byelections “reflected” BJP’s reluctance to hold fresh polls.
“The Home Ministry has not recommended dissolution of the assembly as BJP is reluctant to face election. If there has been a Modi-wave, then why the party ias shying away from facing the polls,” Sharma said.
He reiterated Congress’ demand of immediate dissolution of the assembly and said it will not allow BJP to form a government adopting unfair means.
“Elections must be held in Delhi immediately. There is no other option to end the political uncertainty,” he said.
BJP, however, welcomed the announcement of by-elections.
“The announcement of by-elections to three Assembly seats has proved BJP is ready to go to the people at appropriate time. The results of by-elections will decide which party is more popular in Delhi,” Delhi BJP President Satish Upadhyay said.
Earlier, the Election Commission announced bypolls to three assembly constituencies in Delhi which fell vacant after BJP MLAs were elected to the Lok Sabha.
The three seats of the 70-member assembly fell vacant in May after sitting BJP legislators Harsh Vardhan, Pravesh Verma and Ramesh Bidhuri were elected to the Lok Sabha.
Delhi is under President’s Rule after the resignation of AAP government in February.
Lt Governor Najeeb Jung had not favoured dissolution of Delhi assembly as recommended by the council of ministers headed by Kejriwal and kept the assembly in suspended animation.
The Lt Governor had last month sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to invite BJP to form a government in Delhi.
In the report, Jung gave a detailed analysis of the political situation and underlined the need to have an elected government in the city.
The Centre is yet to respond to the Lt Governor’s letter.

Fresh violence in Trilokpuri  prohibitory ordersimposedPrint
Hindus, Muslims clash in Trilokpuri on Saturday. Forces struggled to contain the violence that began Friday. (Source: Praveen Khanna)
Written by Sarah Hafeez , Dipankar Ghose | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 10:02 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:23 pm
Clashes between Hindus and Muslims that began in Delhi’s Trilokpuri area on Friday evening were on till 24 hours later, leaving at least 13 people injured, including eight with bullet injuries.
Though prohibitory orders were imposed under Section 144 of the CrPC on Saturday night, security forces struggled to gain control, with clashes spreading to at least five blocks in the area. At least three of those injured are critical.
PHOTOS: Communal violence grip’s East Delhi’s Trilokpuri after Diwali
Groups armed with knives and swords roamed the streets till 1 pm on Saturday. Despite heavy presence of security personnel, including forces from neighbouring districts and the Rapid Action Force and CRPF, rioters, many of them in their teens, threw stones at each other.
Sources said that clashes had also spread to neighbouring East Delhi areas of  Khichripur and Kalyanpuri, though the incidents there were not as violent. “Forces have been deployed from adjoining police stations, including North-East, North and East Delhi. The situation is under control,” said a senior police officer.
Special Commissioner of Police (Law and Order) Deepak Mishra said there was sufficient police deployment to meet any eventuality. “There are no casualties,” he added.
While there were different versions on what triggered the violence on Friday evening, all involved a “mata ki chowki (a temporary religious structure set up by East Delhi simmers for 24 hrs, 13 hurt in riotsHindus to house a deity)”. One group said some individuals had desecrated the structure, but others claimed tension had been simmering in the area since Bakrid on October 6.
Sources in the police said an altercation had also been reported in the area on Diwali night, but it had been brought under control within an hour.
In a statement late on Saturday night, the Delhi Police said at least 60 suspects had been detained for rioting and arson. “In the evening of October 24, a riot took place in Tirlokpuri area of East Delhi between two groups. Fourteen persons, including 13 policemen, were injured in the melee,” the statement said.
The Trilokpuri MLA, the Aam Aadmi Party’s Raju Dhingan, blamed “vested” interests. “It started with an altercation and politically vested interests escalated it. The police and a peace committee are trying to reach out to people, asking them to maintain calm,” he said.
Former BJP MLA from Trilokpuri Sunil Vaid claimed he had warned about the presence of bootloogers and gambling dens in the area, and had been shot at as a result. “The area has been declared sensitive by the Election Commission and Delhi Police. It requires proper law and order,” he said.
A resident, Nishu Singh, claimed tension had been simmering continued…

CM Akhilesh Yadav sacks 72 chairmen  advisors of MoSrankThe move comes in the wake of an incident of alleged misbehaviour by father of chairman of the Centre for Remote Sensing with policemen. (Source: IE archive)
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: October 25, 2014 9:43 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 4:14 am
Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday evening removed nearly 82 Samajwadi Party leaders who were enjoying the minister of state (MoS) status since 2012. The sacked leaders were appointed as advisors in various departments and chairmen of various corporations and commissions.
Earlier, Akhilesh had sacked 32 SP leaders holding MoS status after the party’s rout in the Lok Sabha elections.  Six of them were, however, reinstated later.
All these leaders were given the MoS status following lobbying and recommendations from various quarters, including senior political leaders and religious leaders. They also got salaries of an MoS, accommodation in Lucknow and other perks.
“I can tell you the reason for their removal after consulting the leadership, it is surprising why such a decision has been taken,” SP spokesperson Rajendra Choudhary said.
The state government has released a list of 16 persons who have not been removed from their posts. They include those from constitutional bodies as commissions — minority, backward, women, selection and recruitment, planning and SC/ST.
Akhilesh’s close aide Javed Abedi has been retained as Chairman of UP Pollution Control Board. Literary bodies such as Bhasha Sansthan headed by Gopal Das Neeraj and  Hindi Sansthan by Uday Pratap Singh have not been touched.
Socialist ideologue Janeshwar Mishra’s brother Tarkeshwar Mishra, too, retains his post as chairman of UP State Agro Industrial Corporation Ltd.
Former journalist Farzand Ahmed, too, saved his post of advisor to Vocational Education while Azam Khan’s close aide Nawaz Deobandi continues as Chairman of Urdu Academy.
The party’s Lok Sabha candidates had lodged strong protests before SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav and Akhilesh over the role of these leaders with MoS status.
Further, the SP office had reportedly received complaints about misuse of power by these leaders enjoying MoS status. Some cabinet ministers, too, had lodged their protest over “undue interference” of advisors in their departments.
Recently, during a meeting at SP office, Mulayam had expressed his concern over “non-performance” of these leaders.
Sources in SP, however, claimed that the party leadership will not be able to sustain its decision for long and that many of them would be reinstated soon.
 

Netaji deputy  Nehru aide was Soviet spy: BritishdocumentsA deputy of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, an "old friend" of Nehru, has been described as a Soviet spy.
London | Posted: October 25, 2014 10:57 pm
A deputy of freedom fighter Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, an “old friend” of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru and a former Indian ambassador, A C N Nambiar, has been described as a Soviet spy.
According to documents declassified under the 30-year-rule at the National Archives here, Nambiar went to Berlin in 1924 as a journalist and worked with the Indian communist group, visiting Moscow as a Soviet “guest” in 1929.
“On the outbreak of the Second World War Nambiar was expelled from Germany but later allowed to return as Subhash Chandra Bose’s deputy in Berlin. Nambiar became the German-financed leader of the Free India Movement in Europe when Bose moved to the Far East to join the Japanese.
“He was also concerned with the Indian Legion, composed of Indian prisoners of war, which in 1944 was absorbed by the SS,” an archive release said in a statement.
Arathil Candeth Narayan Nambiar was arrested in Austria in June 1945 and interrogated as a Nazi collaborator.
After the war, he worked as counsellor at the Indian Legation in Berne, as Indian Ambassador to Scandinavia and then to West Germany and finally as European correspondent of the ‘Hindustan Standard’ RPT Standard.
He claimed this last post was a cover for industrial intelligence collection, the documents claimed.
In 1959 he was reported by a defector source to have been an agent for the Soviet GRU from the 1920s.
The British documents include names and details of Netaji-led Azad Hind activities in Germany and elsewhere in Europe.
The declassified files also include copies of letters from Nambiar to Bose recovered from the German submarine U-boat 234 after it surrendered during the Second World War.
A note in the files by V W Smith implies Nambiar’s close association with Nehru, saying: “one may hazard the conjecture that the ‘very prominent person’ referred to be Nambiar is Pandit Nehru, who undoubtedly knows the full facts”.
It goes on to say that his appointment as an Indian diplomat made him “indebted to his old friend Pandit Nehru”.
The documents released on Friday include the latest batch of files on Britain’s MI5 activities as well as seven files on British Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm and his activities as a member of the Communist Party and the wartime stories of British fascist sympathisers and ‘Fifth Columnists’ exposed by an MI5 agent posing as a representative of the Gestapo.

Ancient Bones Yield Big Surprise About What Gladiators Atereddit
Roman gladiators may have been gluttons for punishment, what with all that heavy combat. But a new analysis of their bones suggests they favored lighter fare in their food, eating mostly vegetables--along with a sort of sports drink made of ashes .
Why eat ashes?
"Plant ashes were evidently consumed to fortify the body after physical exertion and to promote better bone healing," study leader Dr. Fabian Kanz, a professor in the Department of Forensic Medicine at the Medical University of Vienna in Austria, said in a written statement. "Things were similar then to what we do today--we take magnesium and calcium (in the form of effervescent tablets, for example) following physical exertion."
For the study, Kanz and his team analyzed the collagen and mineral content in bone samples from the remains of 53 men and women whose graves had been unearthed in the ancient Roman city of Ephesus (now in modern-day Turkey) between 1992 and 1994. Twenty-two of the men were known to have been gladiators because their remains were found in a gladiator cemetery .
The analysis indicated that the gladiators and non-gladiators alike mostly ate vegetables and grains. But the gladiators had an unusually high consumption of minerals -- presumably from the ash-containing beverage , which is known from previous research.
The study was published online in the journal PLoS ONE on October 15, 2014.
Also on HuffPost:

Is The Digital Economy Still A Capitalist Economyreddit
This is the first of a series of excerpts from The Digital Economy, 20th Anniversary Edition by Don Tapscott, released October 24, 2014.
Too bad the term "socialism" was appropriated by Karl Marx, because it would be an apt description of today's emerging social economy. The social media revolution is transforming the way we create wealth, work, learn, play, raise our children, and probably even the way we think. A billion people use social media daily. We have social networking, social business, social government, social entertainment, and social everything. Today's hottest concepts are social: collective intelligence, mass collaboration, crowd sourcing, and collaborative innovation.
During the first era of industrial capitalism, machinery was the means of production and the most important assets were physical and financial. Work was organized in hierarchies and capitalists had a single objective: maximizing their personal wealth. But today a growing number of people understand that this is not only unworkable, it threatens the planet. We need an upgrade.
Since the global collapse of the banking system in 2008, the future of capitalism has been a hot topic -- including among the capitalists themselves. The Financial Timesran a multi-part series on the issue. The Economist, a sophisticated defender and reformer of capitalism, has discussed capitalism's strengths and weaknesses at length. Dozens of books written by business leaders -- from The Crisis of Capitalist Democracy by Richard A. Posner to The Road from Ruin by Matthew Bishop and Michael Green -- discuss whether capitalism can be saved.
Earlier this year the French economist Thomas Piketty released Capital in the Twenty-First Century. It reached #1 on the New York Times nonfiction book list. Piketty analyzed massive data sets from twenty countries to show that growing inequality is at the heart of the capitalist system. "The main driver of inequality -- the tendency of returns on capital to exceed the rate of economic growth -- today threatens to generate extreme inequalities that stir discontent and undermine democratic values." While some of his conclusions are flawed they have pointed to a deep problem.
It's clear that democratic capitalism as we know it is broken and it needs to evolve into an economy that can generate prosperity for all and that is sustainable economically, socially and environmentally. At the same time we have a new medium of communications that enables a rethink of the capitalist system.
Call it Capitalism 2.0. But would be its guiding principles? If you look at social technology, business models, and thinking today, you'd be in for some surprises.
Under Capitalism 2.0 there is still private ownership of wealth and most goods and services are produced by firms. The law protects shareholders from ruinous liability. This is a solid concept and markets have historically provided the best incentives for innovation and wealth creation. But sophisticated companies understand that traditional Industrial Age approaches can be radically improved by social business.
Today as Linux dominates large computers and mobile devices around the world, smart companies like IBM and Google have embraced the open-source operating system, saving themselves hundreds of millions of dollars a year and generating billions of dollars in hardware and services revenue. Biotechnology (biotech) companies cooperated to place their intellectual property -- the human genome -- in a commons. Nike gave away 400 patents to the GreenXchange on the principle that "a rising tide lifts all boats." Elon Musk at Tesla did the same thing. Pharmaceutical companies are discussing placing clinical trial data in a commons. In a growing number of industries, competitors are beginning to share some of their intellectual property as a step toward improving their industry and their own chances of survival.
Increasingly the corporate world is concluding that business can't succeed in a world that's failing. Warren Buffett was called a socialist when he suggested closing tax loopholes for corporations and the rich. Bill Gates is marshaling his vast personal wealth and influence to make a better world and recently he has argued that social inequalities threaten business. Smart business leaders understand that the purpose of corporations goes beyond making money for shareholders. Even Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has joined in, last week saying that growth of economic inequality in the United States is a problem of "great concern."
So while private wealth and market forces are necessary, they are proving to be woefully insufficient to move the economy and society forward. The #occupy movement is correct in saying completely unfettered market forces would result in disaster. Loosely regulated bankers, driven by greed, almost brought down the global economy. The class divisions in society are growing, and governments have cozy relationships with corporations that often seem to prevent them from acting in the public interest.
This is why some political leaders are starting to shift from the Industrial Age model of democracy. The "You vote, I rule" approach, where citizens are inert and politicians are beholden to vested interests who fund them is stalled and citizens are increasingly cynical. But experiments with digital age democracy are growing. From electronic town hall meetings, challenges, digital brainstorms, open data initiatives, and transparency initiatives governments at all levels are reaching out to engage citizens in developing new ideas and solving problems.
Under Capitalism 2.0, governments are still important. The notion that the best government is no government is foolhardy. However government bureaucracies could be smaller in many areas. The concept of "Reinventing Government" for better, cheaper government has been around for two decades but little has happened. Today, due to the social revolution, it's an idea whose time has come. The sovereign debt crisis in Europe and the spiraling debt in America and other Western countries call for more than tinkering. Social media not only changes the way we innovate and create goods and services, and it can change the way societies create public value, in turn enabling less costly and smaller government.
Governments can become a stronger part of the social ecosystem that binds individuals, communities, and businesses -- not by absorbing new responsibilities or building additional layers of bureaucracy, but through a willingness to open up formerly closed processes and data to broader input and innovation. In other words, government becomes a platform for the creation of services and for social innovation. Government provides resources, sets rules, and mediates disputes, but allows citizens, nonprofits, and the private sector to share in the heavy lifting.
With Capitalism 2.0, much greater transparency for every institution could change the regulatory paradigm, adding "citizen regulators" as a key element of the new economy. Governments could make everything transparent on the Web and let citizens and other parties contribute their data and observations. Rather, more disclosure and increased civic participation would add significant muscle to traditional regulatory systems.
There is at least one big problem with the vision of Capitalism 2.0. It can only be achieved in a smooth and managed way if today's capitalists get on board. Unfortunately, leaders of the old paradigms are the last to embrace the new. The transition from agrarian feudal economies and societies to Industrial capitalism was punctuated by revolutions -- such as the French, American, and National Independence revolutions across Latin America.
Many of the leaders of the old model of capitalism are tenaciously clinging to the past and hoping that things will get back to normal. The upshot is that the forces of change -- especially today's young people -- may have to find more extreme methods to achieve a new future. When conflict, discord, rebellion, and even revolutions occur it's anybody's guess what the outcome could be.
A version of this article appeared on LinkedIn.com
Don Tapscott is the author of 15 books and rated by Thinkers50 as one of the top five living business thinkers in the world.
Follow Don Tapscott on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dtapscott
More:

Editorial: Fruits of populismE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Why DBT in LPG is a mustE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India-Born Executive Pichai to Oversee Major Google ProductsIndia-Born Executive Pichai to Oversee Major Google Products
Office assistant  45  arrested for Bangalore school rapeThe arrest was made on the basis of medical evidence, statements by the child, and a confession by the suspect.
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: October 25, 2014 9:03 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 9:04 pm
The Bangalore police on Saturday arrested a 45- year-old office assistant at an international school in connection with a sexual assault on a four year old pre-nursery student. The accused has been identified as Gundappa Munivenkatappa, 45, of AK Colony in Jalahalli North Bangalore.
The arrest was made on the basis of medical evidence, statements by the child, and a confession by the suspect, police commissioner M N Reddi said.
“The case is still under investigation and we can’t disclose more details. We have recorded the confession statement of the accused person before the concerned magistrate under the provisions of section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code,” Reddi said.
The commissioner said the case proved a tough one to crack because the victim was a four-year-old and obtaining her statements were not easy.
Reddi said that the school did not have clearances from the education department for imparting education. The police have registered a separate case about the school functioning without permits.

Will continue to trade with India despite border tensions: PakistanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fresh violence in Trilokpuri  prohibitory orders imposedPrint
Hindus, Muslims clash in Trilokpuri on Saturday. Forces struggled to contain the violence that began Friday. (Source: Praveen Khanna)
Written by Sarah Hafeez , Dipankar Ghose | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 10:02 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:23 pm
Clashes between Hindus and Muslims that began in Delhi’s Trilokpuri area on Friday evening were on till 24 hours later, leaving at least 13 people injured, including eight with bullet injuries.
Though prohibitory orders were imposed under Section 144 of the CrPC on Saturday night, security forces struggled to gain control, with clashes spreading to at least five blocks in the area. At least three of those injured are critical.
PHOTOS: Communal violence grip’s East Delhi’s Trilokpuri after Diwali
Groups armed with knives and swords roamed the streets till 1 pm on Saturday. Despite heavy presence of security personnel, including forces from neighbouring districts and the Rapid Action Force and CRPF, rioters, many of them in their teens, threw stones at each other.
Sources said that clashes had also spread to neighbouring East Delhi areas of  Khichripur and Kalyanpuri, though the incidents there were not as violent. “Forces have been deployed from adjoining police stations, including North-East, North and East Delhi. The situation is under control,” said a senior police officer.
Special Commissioner of Police (Law and Order) Deepak Mishra said there was sufficient police deployment to meet any eventuality. “There are no casualties,” he added.
While there were different versions on what triggered the violence on Friday evening, all involved a “mata ki chowki (a temporary religious structure set up by East Delhi simmers for 24 hrs, 13 hurt in riotsHindus to house a deity)”. One group said some individuals had desecrated the structure, but others claimed tension had been simmering in the area since Bakrid on October 6.
Sources in the police said an altercation had also been reported in the area on Diwali night, but it had been brought under control within an hour.
In a statement late on Saturday night, the Delhi Police said at least 60 suspects had been detained for rioting and arson. “In the evening of October 24, a riot took place in Tirlokpuri area of East Delhi between two groups. Fourteen persons, including 13 policemen, were injured in the melee,” the statement said.
The Trilokpuri MLA, the Aam Aadmi Party’s Raju Dhingan, blamed “vested” interests. “It started with an altercation and politically vested interests escalated it. The police and a peace committee are trying to reach out to people, asking them to maintain calm,” he said.
Former BJP MLA from Trilokpuri Sunil Vaid claimed he had warned about the presence of bootloogers and gambling dens in the area, and had been shot at as a result. “The area has been declared sensitive by the Election Commission and Delhi Police. It requires proper law and order,” he said.
A resident, Nishu Singh, claimed tension had been simmering continued…

School worker tried to stop Washington shootingA high school worker tried to stop a gunman who opened fire on a crowded lunchroom, killing one girl.
By: Associated Press | Marysville | Posted: October 25, 2014 11:27 pm
A high school worker tried to stop a gunman who opened fire on a crowded lunchroom north of Seattle, killing one girl and badly wounding four other students, authorities said Saturday.
The shooter was Jaylen Fryberg, a popular Marysville-Pilchuck High School freshman, a government official with direct knowledge of the shooting told The Associated Press.
Fryberg was well-liked and athletic, a football player named to his high school’s homecoming court just one week ago.
He was also facing problems, writing of some unspecified troubles on his Twitter feed: “It breaks me… It actually does….”
Two of the gunman’s cousins were among the wounded. Fryberg fatally shot himself, according to witnesses, police and relatives.
Snohomish County Sheriff’s spokeswoman Shari Ireton said in a statement Saturday morning that the on-scene investigation at Marysville-Pilchuck High School was finished. A .40-caliber handgun was recovered, which authorities believe was the weapon used in the Friday morning shooting, Ireton said.
Brian Bennett, spokesman for the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives in Seattle, said his agency conducted a trace of the firearm and determined “the most recent purchaser of the gun.” He said he could not identify that person, adding it would be up to the local police to release that information.
Detectives confirmed a school worker attempted to intervene in the attack, but Ireton provided no other details about the worker’s actions.
Student Erick Cervantes told KIRO-TV that the worker, a woman, briefly “intercepted” the gunman, who was trying to reload. Cervantes said the woman tried to move the gunman’s hand away, before he shot himself.
The gunman’s motives remained unclear. Some students described Fryberg as happy and social, even though he had recently fought with another boy over a girl.
Shaylee Bass, a 15-year-old sophomore, said she was stunned by the shooting.
“He was not a violent person,” she said. “His family is known all around town. He was very well known. That’s what makes it so bizarre.”
Students said the gunman stared at his victims as he fired. The shootings set off chaos as students ran outside in a frantic dash to safety, while others huddled inside classrooms.
Marysville police declined to release the shooter’s identity, with Chief Rick Smith insisting he did not want to “dramatize someone who perpetuated a violent crime in a place where children should feel safe.”
But many students identified Fryberg as the gunman, and the identity was confirmed to the AP by a government official who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the media.
Students and parents said Fryberg was a member of a prominent family from the nearby Tulalip Indian tribes. A week ago, he was introduced as a homecoming prince during a high school football game, according to a video recorded by parent continued…

Poor in desert State search for greener pasturesUpdated: October 25, 2014 23:42 IST
Poor in desert State search for greener pastures
Aarti Dhar
Tweet
The Hindu
A woman harvesting barley on the outskirts of Jaipur. The lives and work of rural Rajasthani women are badly affected by migration as they cope with exclusion and an aggravated lack of access to services, says a report. Photo: Rohit Jain Paras
TOPICS
Rajasthan
Study says 10 per cent of Rajasthan’s population migrates seasonally in search of work
As many as 5.79 million people in Rajasthan, or 10 per cent of the State’s population, migrates seasonally in search of employment, says a new study on migration and labour. Approximately 4.38 million households thus send a person or more to other States in search of work seasonally, it adds.
The number of migrants per household is higher among those of the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes. Construction, transportation and mining sectors are the major employers of migrants from the 10 locations surveyed in the State. They employ almost half the migrant population, says the study report — “Their own country: a profile of labour migration from Rajasthan” — brought out by the Centre for Migration and Labour Solutions of Aajeevika Bureau and supported by Sir Dorabji Tata Trust.
An analysis of 38,828 households from 10 districts spread across five National Sample Survey regions reveals that 46.26 percent of the total rural households have a member or more migrating for work. Barmer and Jodhpur in the western region are those that send the largest number of migrants, followed by Dungarpur and Udaipur, from Mewar and Vagad regions, in south Rajasthan. Gujarat, Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh are the top three destinations, collectively accounting for 83 per cent of the migration.
The north-eastern part of the State has high incidence — 87 per cent — of intra-State migration. The south-eastern and western regions follow the trend, at 66 per cent and 63 per cent, respectively. Jaipur and Jodhpur are among the more popular work destinations within the State.
Migration is primarily rural to urban, with 85 per cent of the workers moving to towns and cities. Construction alone employs about 22 per cent of the migrants, followed by the hotel and transportation sectors, which employ about 13 per cent each. Other important employers are manufacturing, furniture-making and the textile market.
About a quarter of rural-rural migrants work in the mining sector within the State. Others find employment in brick kilns (18 per cent), agriculture (17 per cent), construction (13 per cent), factories (10 per cent) and transportation (5 per cent).
Nearly one-third of the migrant workers are illiterate. They work in construction, mining, transportation and factories. Another 29 per cent have completed primary education and 33 per cent have undergone secondary education. Less than five per cent have completed senior secondary schooling or college studies. Less than one per cent have formal vocational training or a professional background.
The report says that rural migration brings new challenges to the villages of Rajasthan with millions of rural households facing long-term absence of young populations. The lives and work of rural women are badly affected as they cope with exclusion and an aggravated lack of access to services, the report says. Women experience isolation, insecurity and vastly increased responsibilities. Long-term absence of men reduces women’s access to government schemes, healthcare facilities, education, livelihood, finance, social protection and food distribution because of the low literacy and awareness levels and procedural hassles.
Women’s health suffers because of neglect, caring for children and the elderly, household chores and maintenance of household finances. Cash remittances from migrant men are infrequent and uncertain and rapidly fall during lean periods, leading to debt.
Calling for a strong regulatory system with welfare schemes within the State, the report has suggested that these provisions need to be supported by the setting up of a Rajasthan migrant and unorganised labour protection and welfare authority and an inter-State task force comprising representatives from both Rajasthan and key labour-receiving States such as Gujarat and Maharashtra.

Mumbai University has 12 billionairesMumbai University has 12 billionaires
Five-phase polls in Jammu and Kashmir  Jharkhand from Nov 25 to Dec 20Five-phase polls in Jammu and Kashmir  Jharkhand from Nov 25 to Dec 20
Will continue to trade with India despite tensionsWill continue to trade with India despite tensions
DoT seeks more details on Reliance Jio  Infotel mergerNew Delhi, October 24, 2014
Updated: October 24, 2014 18:47 IST
DoT seeks more details on Reliance Jio, Infotel merger
PTI
A file picture of a mobile tower in New Delhi. Photo: V.V. Krishnan.
TOPICS
telecommunication service
The Department of Telecom has sought more details on the proposed merger of Reliance Jio Infocomm and its long distance services arm Infotel.
Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd (RJIL) had sought DoT’s approval for the merger of Infotel Telecom Ltd (ITL) with itself.
According to sources, DoT has asked RJIL to provide details about the minimum paid up equity capital as on April 1 for years 2012, 2013 and 2014 and net worth of the company during the same period.
The source added RJIL was asked to provide the break-up of its Indian and foreign equities.
“RJIL was also directed to clarify that why the matter of second transfer or company Rancore Technologies Private Ltd have not been brought up in their request for proposed merger,” sources said.
Rancore Technologies is also a subsidiary of Reliance Industries (RIL).
RIL had announced that it would launch commercial 4G telecom service of RJIL in 2015, entailing investment of Rs 70,000 crore.
RIL had said that RJIL would initially cover about 5,000 towns and cities accounting for over 90 per cent of urban India, as well as over 215,000 villages in India and the target are to expand this to over 600,000 villages.

Infosys settles visa case; agrees to pay $34 millionUpdated: October 31, 2013 04:16 IST
Infosys settles visa case; agrees to pay $34 million
V. Sridhar
consultancy service
The issue was settled with the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of Texas
Leading software services exporter Infosys Ltd. announced on Wednesday that it has agreed to pay $34 million dollars to settle allegations about its alleged violations of U.S. visa regulations. The settlement with the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of Texas “resolves all issues with the U.S. Department of State, Immigrations and Customs Enforcement and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security,” the company said in a statement.
Infosys said allegations and investigations pertaining to I-9 “paperwork errors and visa matters” were the subject of investigation by the U.S. Federal agencies, the company said. The I-9 Form is used to ensure that employers “verify” employees’ identity and eligibility to work in the U.S. The company said the “errors” pertained to 2010-11. It claimed that the company started correcting the “errors” before the investigation commenced in 2011.
Referring to the allegations, Infosys said, “There is no evidence that the I-9 paperwork violations allowed any Infosys employee to work beyond their visa authorisation.” Infosys’ denial of “systemic visa fraud, misuse of visas for competitive advantage, or immigration abuse,” were part of the settlement, it said. It also denied the charge that it abused the shorter term B-1 Visas for H-1B visas for employees travelling to the U.S. on company work. It said Infosys employees holding B-1 visas accounted for only 0.02 per cent of the days that company employees spent on working on projects in the U.S. in 2012.
“This settlement removes the uncertainty of prolonged litigation and allows us to continue to focus on delivering measurable results for our clients,” Infosys said.

AIBEA flays delay in filling top slots in PSU banksUpdated: October 25, 2014 00:01 IST
AIBEA flays delay in filling top slots in PSU banks
N. Anand
Tweet
The Hindu
A file picture shows AIBEA General Secretary C.H. Venkatachalam addressing a gathering of Bank employees in Chennai. Photo: R. Ravindran.
TOPICS
central bank
At least ten public sector banks have been functioning without full-time chairmen and managing directors and executive directors for the last three months.
While the interviews were conducted recently to fill these posts, orders have not been issued. This has caused anxiety in the banking circle, said All India Bank Employees’ Association, General Secretary C.H. Venkatachalam.
If the Prime Minister and Finance Minister were serious about achieving the target of reaching every section of the people through their recently-launched initiative such as Jan Dhan Yojana, then these posts had to be filled up immediately, he said in a letter to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday.
According to him, at least six public sector banks do not have chairmen and managing directors. These includes United Bank of India, Canara Bank, Syndicate Bank, Bank of Baroda, Indian Overseas Bank and Oriental Bank of Commerce.
The post of second executive director has to be filled up in Allahabad Bank, Andhra Bank, UCO Bank and Union Bank of India (third position).
“Almost all these positions have remained vacant for three to five months, except Syndicate Bank chairman and managing director, S.K. Jain, who was suspended on August 2. What is the problem in filing these posts? A few more top posts are set to fall vacant by end-December and this will aggravate the situation,” Mr. Venkatachalam said.

India s Mars Orbiter Mission: The frugal innovationE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Google exec sets records with supersonic leapROSWELL, New Mexico, October 25, 2014
Updated: October 26, 2014 00:46 IST
Google executive sets records with leap from edge of space
AP
Tweet
AP
In this photo provided by Paragon Space Development Corporation, Google executive Alan Eustace, in the spacesuit, is carried aloft by a balloon for his leap from the edge of space that broke the sound barrier.
TOPICS
science and technology
Google executive Alan Eustace broke the sound barrier and set several skydiving records over the southern New Mexico desert early Friday after taking a big leap from the edge of space.
Eustace’s supersonic jump was part of a project by Paragon Space Development Corp. and its Stratospheric Explorer team
The technology that has gone into developing the balloon, the spacesuit and the other systems that were used in Friday’s launch will be used to advance commercial space flight, namely efforts by Arizona-based World View Enterprises to take paying tourists up in a high-altitude balloon and luxury capsule starting in late 2016.
As more people head into the stratosphere, the spacesuits could be adapted for emergency rescues or other scientific endeavours, officials said.
After nearly three years of intense planning, development and training, Eustace began his ascent via a high-altitude, helium-filled balloon just as the sun was rising. It took him more than two hours to hit an altitude of 1,35,890 feet, when he separated himself from the balloon and started plummeting back to earth. Wearing his specially designed spacesuit, Eustace hit a top velocity of 1,322 km/hr during a free fall that lasted four-and-a-half minutes.
The supersonic skydive happened with little fanfare, out of the media spotlight, unlike the 2012 attempt by daredevil Felix Baumgartner and the Red Bull Stratos team.

AbRam Debuts in  Happy New Year ; Steals Dad Shah Rukh s Thunder [PHOTOS + VIDEOAbRam Debuts in  Happy New Year ; Steals Dad Shah Rukh s Thunder [PHOTOS + VIDEO
India-born Sundar Pichai is Google s new product chiefIndia-born Sundar Pichai is Google s new product chief
About 25 banks in Europe are said to have failed ECB testsAbout 25 banks in Europe are said to have failed ECB tests
From the discomfort Zone: DigitalskeletonPrint
Written by Shombit Sengupta | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:13 am
It has started raining on digital technology. Arriving for an early morning flight, I started rubbing my eyes at the airport. Am I sleeping or dreaming? No, it’s real! The famous Walkman inventor is cooling his newly-launched mobile phone in water inside a display box to prove its unique rainproof character.
Yester-generation’s Japanese sultan of electro-mechanical Walkman device, who was upstaged by American burger digi-tech Emperor, is trying to avoid showing commoditised digital images. Instead, with rain falling on mobile phones, the sultan is bringing back Gene Kelly’s 1950s tap dance idea, ‘I’m singin’ in the rain’. Apart from shapely Bollywood heroines getting drenched in the rain, I don’t know whether people require phones in water. Although Slvio Berlusconi would love it for his bunga-bunga underwater sex parties. However, throwing cold water on digi-tech reinforces my digital skeleton idea.
Another airport wait —three hours in Heathrow for connection to Paris — was enough to compare oversize digital screen advertisements of perfume cosmetics brands such as Dior, YSL and Estee Lauder, among others. Through a dreamy route, they’re taking women to planet hedonism. What was disturbing me was identifying the excessive digital effects in every advertising image: The same lighting style and the same post-production digital retouching on the computer. From the technical embellishment perspective, all the different ads resembled one another. Lots of global enterprises have still not understood that digi-tech is just a skeleton. Their digital interface is commoditising the inner value of entertainment that the masses experience, making it all look similar.
Advertising that creates make-believe by manipulating or stretching a subject earlier needed some artistic sense and multiple craftsmanship.
The physical shooting stage involving set designers, light-men, sound creators is getting obsolete now. The other day, I met an old Parisian friend who makes background sound effects for films — a profession he inherited from his father. I loved his surprising magical sessions with different illogical instruments on the floor of a huge room. In front of a projection screen he’d watch the soundless movie and integrate sound into it as per the film’s action. The numerous instruments created by him looked really spectacular, much like installation art today. Watching him skilfully chafe ultra-violet coated satin to produce a recordable swish or strangely pull wire-string on some hollow instrument to emit an obtuse howl was itself an entertaining movie. This was his livelihood and passion, which, he sorrowfully narrated, is fading. His two children are not interested, so his collection of sound effects instruments has rusted and become antique. He said with digital technology, everything’s readymade in the digital disk so anybody can make sound effects. Just imagine, films now have no background sound differentiation.
So many artistic domains are getting massacred due to the over-usage of digi-tech, the killer of human passion, craftsmanship, knowhow and creative distinction.
At the same time we cannot ignore the advantage of digital content vs the celluloid film, which was cumbersome, extremely costly and you had to wait a couple of days to develop the film. With continued…

Crisis in relationship with US must be fixed: Top IsraeliministerA top Israeli minister says there is a "crisis" in in the country's relations with the United States that must be fixed.
By: Associated Press | Jerusalem | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:10 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 12:12 am
A top Israeli minister says there is a “crisis” in the country’s relations with the United States that must be fixed.
Finance Minister Yair Lapid’s comments on Saturday came a day after U.S. officials said the Obama administration refused Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon’s requests to meet several top national security aides.
The White House and the State Department rejected Israeli proposals for meetings with Vice President Joe Biden, National Security Adviser Susan Rice and Secretary of State John Kerry on his five-day trip to the United States. The administration is still miffed over negative comments Yaalon made about Kerry’s Mideast peace efforts and nuclear negotiations with Iran.
Lapid said “there is a crisis with the United States” and added that the relationship “must be managed respectfully and responsibly.”

What the world is reading: what was hethinkingSatya Nadella
Written by Aleesha Matharu | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:10 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 8:12 am
Satya Nadella, the CEO of Microsoft, apologised last week for the remarks he had made at a women-in-computing conference on October 9, saying he had been “humbled” by his experience.
On October 20, while making a presentation on cloud computing in San Francisco he said, “Men and women get paid equally at Microsoft.”
But the figures dispute that. A male Microsoft senior software development engineer makes about $137,000 per year, according to Glassdoor, compared to about $129,000 for women.
Nadella was named CEO in February  and reports this week say that Microsoft has given him a pay package of $84.3 million, most of it in the form of long-term stock awards.
Nadella had suggested that women not need not ask for raises and have “faith” that the “system” would reward them. There was a major backlash on social media following the controversial remarks. One Twitter user even questioned whether the Microsoft CEO was “venturing into stand-up comedy”. Some cited a study by the American Association of University Women about how women typically earn 78 per cent of what equally qualified men are paid.
“Nadella seemed to be evoking the pop-culture notion of karma: what goes around comes around,” wrote Vauhina Vara for The New Yorker. “But his use of the term was reminiscent of how others have used the term and similar religious language in the past—just behave, and you’ll be rewarded later.”
“What on Earth possessed Nadella, a man who is so careful about his words, to suddenly start talking like a patronising, penny-pinching middle manager?” questioned Chris Taylor for Mashable.
In an open letter published by TIME, Nilofer Merchant, an author and speaker based in Silicon Valley, California, wrote: “Harvard research shows that women often face a choice of being perceived as either competent or likable (a problem men don’t face). Catalyst research shows that women are punished for being ambitious.”
In Forbes, Kathy Caprino was more sympathetic. She didn’t think Nadella wanted to keep women down, she wrote. Just that he “lacked empathy and a true understanding of what women go through every day in corporate world”.

The troubled teen  and the goodgirlA protest by Meerut College staff. Parents of the girl are both professors at the college. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Amit Sharma | Meerut | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:08 am
Ved Prakash Jain is a well-known name in Meerut. The retired sub-divisional magistrate had earned a reputation for integrity and honesty during his long career in the state administrative service, earning him the President’s medal for meritorious service. For Jain, that is in the past now. On October 10, the 74-year-old was arrested for allegedly helping his 17-year-old grandson cover up a murder. Jain’s son Rajeev was also held on the same charges.
The 17-year-old had been expelled from two schools over the past two years allegedly on account of being indisciplined and rowdy. “His conduct was such that the school had to put a ban on his entry. We expelled him after he was found guilty of initiating violence on the campus,” says Bhanu Pratap Singh, chairman of the school at Pandav Nagar from where he was expelled within nine months of admission.
Since the arrests, the mother and sister of the Class XI student have left their home in Meerut’s Bombay Bazaar Colony for an undisclosed destination. An aunt, who refused to meet The Sunday Express, said she was the only one present in the house.
By all accounts, the minor’s friend, Devalika Yadav, couldn’t have been more different. The 16-year-old Class XII student had always been good in academics and wanted to become a doctor. Despite her parents’ frequent admonishment and her friends’ warnings though, she wouldn’t break off her friendship with the minor, which began when they studied together in Classes IX and X.
On October 6, Devalika left home on a Scooty saying she was going for tuitions. Instead, after a call from the minor to meet him outside the Sophiya Girls’ School in the Cantonment area, she headed there, and both decided to go to Khatauli town, 35 km away, for dinner at a popular roadside restaurant. CCTV footage of the toll plaza on the way shows the two crossing the spot on their Scooty.
According to the police, on their way back around 7 pm, when the Scooty had stopped at an overbridge, Devalika got off to talk to a friend. The boy, who didn’t like Devalika talking to this friend, tried to stop her. When he slapped Devalika in anger, she hit back. He allegedly then strangled her. While the spot located on the highway has heavy traffic around this time, no one appears to have noticed the scuffle, or intervened.
It was what followed that has shocked Meerut more. The minor allegedly called up his father Rajeev Jain at home. On hearing what had happened, Rajeev and Ved Prakash reportedly rushed to the spot. The three then allegedly carried the body in their car to the Sardhana forests, 15 km away, and dumped it. The Scooty was driven continued…

Inside track: UpliftingdesireDuring her brief stint as governor of Kerala, she resided in the Raj Bhavan at Thiruvananthapuram.
Written by Coomi Kapoor | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:03 am
It is  after 15 years that Sheila Dikshit is again staying at her two-bedroom first-floor flat in Nizamuddin East, central Delhi. As Delhi chief minister, she stayed at 3, Motilal Nehru Marg, on a 3.5-acre compound with four bedrooms. During her brief stint as governor of Kerala, she resided in the Raj Bhavan at Thiruvananthapuram. It is therefore quite a change for the former chief minister to return to her old modest quarters. The biggest problem Dikshit is facing is climbing the stairs. She wanted to install a lift, but her neighbour downstairs, IAS officer and author Upamanyu Chatterjee, was not agreeable to the idea as it would block his living room view. His landlady in Dubai too had not signed a No Objection Certificate to permit a lift. For now, the 76-year old Dikshit has to necessarily continue to climb the stairs.
Three in a row
Once is happenstance, twice is perhaps coincidence, but when a minister changes her press information officer thrice in the space of five months, there is clearly something wrong with her media relations. But the question is whether the three hapless information officers transferred out — R N Mishra, Nanu Bhasin and Maushumi Chakravarty — are really to blame if HRD Minister Smriti Irani is not getting the kind of coverage she expects in the media. No minister can get good publicity all the time, especially when she heads such a controversy-prone ministry. One reason for Irani’s poor relationship with the media is that she remains largely inaccessible to journalists. This is in contrast to when she was simply an MP and president of the party’s women’s wing. Then she was charming, thoughtful and interacted freely with the media. Before Irani recruits a fourth information officer, maybe she should consider changing her new standoffish approach with the press.
55-year rule
If politicians are upset at Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s rule of no jobs for those over 75, senior bureaucrats are put off over another unofficial diktat: that plum foreign postings at the World Bank, IMF and Asian Development Bank not be reserved for Government of India secretaries nearing retirement at 60. Modi’s new rule is that such foreign postings be assigned to additional secretaries around the age of 55. His logic is that the additional secretaries can gainfully utilise their three-year experience at international agencies to the country’s advantage on their return. While the post-retirement sinecures simply swell the officials’ bank balance, they provide no material benefit to the government.
Old understanding
The NCP’s offer of unconditional support to the BJP in Maharashtra was no last-minute decision. Nor was it aimed, as a senior NCP leader claimed jokingly, to simply “set the cat among the pigeons”. An understanding of sorts between Sharad Pawar and Narendra Modi had been continued…

MHA to send advisories to States on racially motivated incidentsUpdated: October 26, 2014 00:21 IST
MHA to send advisories to States on racially motivated incidents
B. S. Satish Kumar
Tweet
The Hindu
Union Minister for Chemical and Fertilizer H.N. Ananth Kumar and Union Minister of State for Home, Kiren Rijiju, felicitated at a North-East conclave organised by BJP-Karnatka North-East Samparka cell at Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan in Bangalore on Saturday. Photo: K. Bhagya Prakash
TOPICS
Karnataka
‘None of those indulging in racial attacks would go unpunished’
In a bid to prevent attacks on persons from the north-eastern States , the Centre is in the process of issuing advisories to all States asking them to have a “stringent mechanism” to deal with racially motivated incidents.
Union Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju on Saturday announced this here during an interaction with people from the north-east at an event. The event was organised by the BJP.
“When you talk of something which is racial in nature, it becomes very sensitive. And back home in the north-east, the message will be very negative. It is not good for the nation,” the Minister , who hails from Arunachal Pradesh, said. Even as he declared that none of those indulging in racial attacks would go unpunished, he said there was a dire need to prevent recurrence of such attacks through social awareness. This could happen only through close linking of the north-east with other States with the pro-active role of the governments, he observed.
He said before finalising the advisories, the Ministry would take on board the recommendations of the Bezbarua Committee, tasked with looking into issues affecting persons from the north-east people who were living in other parts of the country.
Mr. Rijiju promised that the villages in all the eight north-eastern States would have road connectivity in the next five years while Railway Minister D. V. Sadananda Gowda announced that the capitals of all the north-eastern States would be on the railway network in three years.

Early Apple Computer Sells For Almost $1 Million At AuctionEarly Apple Computer Sells For Almost $1 Million At Auction
Reuters
reddit
(Reuters) - One of the few remaining examples of Apple Inc's first pre-assembled computer, Apple-1, sold for $905,000 at an auction in New York on Wednesday, far outstripping expectations.
The relic, which sparked a revolution in home computing, is thought to be one of the first batch of 50 Apple-1 machines assembled by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak in Steve Job's family garage in Los Altos, California in the summer of 1976.
Auction house Bonhams had said it expected to sell the machine, which was working as of September, for between $300,000 and $500,000.
The buyer was The Henry Ford organization, which plans to display the computer in its museum in Dearborn, Michigan.
"The Apple-1 was not only innovative, but it is a key artifact in the foundation of the digital revolution," Henry Ford President Patricia Mooradian said in a statement.
There were few buyers for the first Apples until Paul Terrell, owner of electronics retailer Byte Shop, placed an order for 50 and sold them for $666.66 each.
After that initial success, Jobs and Wozniak produced another 150 and sold them to friends and other vendors.
Previously, a working Apple-I was sold by Sotheby's auction house in 2012 for $374,500. (http://reut.rs/1yYUAZ4)
Fewer than 50 original Apple-1s are believed to survive.
(Reporting By Lehar Maan and Devika Krishna Kumar in Bangalore; Editing by Ted Kerr)
More:

Ethical and restrained use of natural resources needed: RSS  Suresh SoniE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The Big Picture: The bomb trail inbengalExplosives seized from Burdwan being deactivated near Damodar river. (Source: IE photo by Shubham Dutta)
Burdwan | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:43 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 8:50 am
When Hara Sheikh, Khairul Sheikh and Azaur Sheikh, all in their twenties, went to the Simulia railway station to buy tickets to Kerala, where they work as construction workers, the man behind the counter took one look at their identity cards and said they couldn’t leave. The three men, from Simulia village in Burdwan district, had come home for Eid and were hoping to get back to work but the October 2 blast in Burdwan town, about 30 km from their village, upset their plans.
The cast of characters in the Burdwan blast, with Shakil Gazi said to be the kingpin, has lent a distinct communal twist to the incident. Two people were killed in the blast at a house in Khagragarh locality of Burdwan town. Investigations so far point to a bomb-making unit that ran out of this house and whose occupants are alleged to be members of the Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh. The National Investigative Agency (NIA), which took over the probe from the state CID two weeks ago, issued a statement on Friday saying the accused were “preparing IEDs which were being transported to Bangladesh” for possible terror attacks there. The NIA has wrapped up its first phase of inquiry, but people like Hara Sheikh know it’s not over yet. A madrasa in his village Simulia has featured in the police investigation, and now the entire village is in the radar of investigators.
The house at Khagragarh in Burdwan town where the bomb went off on October 2
Till last week, on the Durgapur Expressway that’s part of the golden quadrilateral road network that connects Burdwan with Kolkata on one side and Dhanbad on the other, search parties flagged down men on motorbikes and meticulously searched their belongings. The lack of subtlety was evident: most of the men who were stopped had beards or other distinct markers. The police held similar searches on buses and other vehicles. A top district police officer, who didn’t want to be named, admitted the search operations seemed to be making a point to Muslims: “you are a suspect”. It was when news of the searches reached their higher-ups in the police that policemen on the roads were told to be more discreet.
The Simulia madrasa in Burdwan, where, according to the investigators, all the key players of the Burdwan blast assembled and plotted their undercover operations.
But in Simulia and nearby Burdwan town, suspicion lurks. Word has spread that mobile phone SIM cards should be given to Muslims only after “proper identification and verification” of their antecedents.
Muslim leaders in the state have taken to the streets to protest against the “aspersions” cast on the community and for the crackdown on madrasas in the state.
***
The investigation, so far, has focused on an alleged “jihadi” plot in Burdwan, part of a larger cross-country terror campaign involving outfits such as Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh. The BJP, too, has found a perfect pitch that involves Muslims, madrasas, infiltration, Bangladesh and terror networks to attack the Trinamool Congress government and mount enough pressure for the Centre to step in and order an NIA investigation into the incident.
But as The Sunday Express pieced together a picture of the region from talking to people and officials, it is clear that the theatre of this blast — Burdwan, Nadia, Birbhum and Murshidabad — has for long been one of the most volatile regions in the state, the site of pitched political turf wars and extortion rackets.
NSG commandos during a search operation at the home of one of the accused, Rezaul Karim, where they reportedly recovered 35 live bombs.
This 100-sq-km agrarian and semi-industrial belt, hemmed in by a number of Jharkhand districts, has a large number of crime syndicates that deal in sand quarrying, stone crushery and illegal mining.
Over 80 per cent of the state’s recorded seizure of explosives comes from Burdwan and nearby districts. Of the 9,000 bombs seized in 2013 in the entire state, nearly 7,000 were from the districts of Burdwan (1,485), Birbhum (2,270) and Murshidabad (2,910). Of the 2,285 kg of explosive substances seized from the state, 1,701 kg were from Burdwan and 143 kg from Murshidabad.
Hara Sheikh, Khairul Sheikh and Azaur Sheikh, construction workers in Kerala, had come home to Simulia for Eid but can’t leave for work because of the probe into the blast.
The explosives and the bombs that are crudely put together here don’t have to travel far either to find a market. Statistics show how Burdwan, Birbhum and Murshidabad account for a large number of cases in which explosives were used. For example, between January 2012 and June 2014, Burdwan recorded 357 incidents involving explosives. Birbhum had 264 such cases and Murshidabad 600.
Besides, this region abuts Junglemahal, the Maoist areas spread across Purulia, Bankura and West Midnapore  which witnessed large-scale violence from 2008 to 2012. During those troubled years, the region saw the use of improvised ‘multi-dimensional mines’ that were made out of huge iron pipes.
The bomb-making units in Purbasthali, Mongalkot, Raina and Ausgram in Burdwan; Beldanga and Lalgola in Berhampore; Karimpur in Nadia; and villages in Birbhum cater to this ready market. The youth in these villages joke that when the azaan or call for prayers is given, bombs go off in the background and that it’s hard to make out Diwali firecrackers from periodic explosions.
(from left to right) The mothers of Borhan Sheikh, Yousuf Sheikh and Kader Shaikh wait for their sons, all of them accused who are now absconding.
A senior police official of the district said, “For very long, bomb manufacturing units in this belt have catered largely to political outfits and crime syndicates. So far, we have not heard anything about these reaching jihadi groups. Even today, an inspector of Parui police station in Birbhum, 60 km from Khagragarh in Burdwan, was attacked with bombs. Despite the attack, the police managed to recover 200 bombs from several drums kept close to a primary health centre.”
Besides crude pressure bombs or hand grenades, the seizures in this belt have included bombs, IEDs, gelatin sticks, powder-gel and gunpowder — some of the explosives that were seized at the Burdwan house after the October 2 blast. There has hardly been any seizure of RDX, the explosive of choice of terrorists.
Even in the days immediately after the blast at the Burdwan house, at least half-a-dozen blasts took place in the Khagragarh locality, apparently when the bomb-making units were hastily shifting to safer places fearing NIA raids. Similar, smaller explosions took place in other parts of the region, but these do not seem to have come under the scanner of the investigators.
The NIA investigation has, so far, not reached the end of the supply chain. Investigators say the two women who were arrested in the Burdwan case — Razia Biwi and Amina Biwi — confessed that a man called Kauser and his associates usually took the consignments to destinations in Lalgola region in Berhampore, a town in Murshidabad district that has a large, porous border with Bangladesh.
Another destination, investigators say, is the Kokrajhar-Barpeta belt in lower Assam. But as the crime data in the Burdwan-Birbhum belt shows, there is no reason to believe that the Burdwan bomb makers did not supply their products to a market closer home.
nnn
If, as the investigators claimed in private, the bombs made in Burdwan are being sent to destinations in Bangladesh, it would mean that Burdwan was “exporting terror”. Links between Jamait-e-Islami Bangladesh and various other Jamait outfits in Bangladesh and West Bengal are well known. A top NIA investigator, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said, “The specific target, if any, for the Burdwan group is yet to be defined. But we assume this network was being used as a back-up support for Bangladesh outfits.”
A day after the NIA took over the investigation, it said on its official website that its officers “visited the Simulia madrasa located in Burdwan district, where the accused were radicalised in violent jihadi ideology”. This Simulia madrasa is where, according to the investigators, all the key players of the Burdwan blast assembled and plotted their undercover operations.
But neither the state CID nor the NIA found any explosives in the half-a-dozen madrasas they raided since the blast. The only seizure they made was of airgun pellets that were found in the Simulia madrasa, along with a huge volume of religious scripts and literature written in Arabic, which the investigators described as “jihadi”. Air gun pellets are sold in the open market and are not a banned item.
A villager, who lives in a house adjoining the Simulia madrasa, didn’t reveal his name but did nothing to hide his sarcasm: “The police pumped water out of two ponds next to the madrasa and found a black umbrella handle. I heard them saying it could be the butt of a gun. They must have mistaken the white-and-black tooth powder many of us use as some explosive substance.”

Iran re-arrests leading human rights lawyer NasrinSotoudehPrint
By: Reuters | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:39 am
Iranian security forces arrested world-renowned human rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh and several others on their way back from a protest on Saturday, her husband said.
“While returning from the sit-in outside the Bar Association in Tehran, Nasrin was detained along with several friends and colleagues,” her husband, Reza Khandan, said on his Facebook page.
“They photographed and ran identity checks on all the detainees and then released everyone but Nasrin, who is still detained wantonly and without a court order.”
Sotoudeh, who has represented Iranian opposition activists, was sentenced to six years in jail in 2010 and banned from practice after being convicted of spreading propaganda and conspiring to harm state security.
Her case came to international attention in 2012 when she embarked on a 50-day hunger strike against a travel ban on her daughter.
The United States and human rights campaigners like Amnesty International criticised the Islamic Republic over the case and Sotoudeh was freed in September 2013 ahead of a visit to the United Nations by President Hassan Rouhani, soon after he swept to election victory in part on promises of liberal reforms.
Speaking to Reuters by telephone on Wednesday, Sotoudeh said she was protesting outside the Iranian Bar Association to demand a reversal of a three-year ban on her practicing law.
Iran’s Bar Association, under pressure from conservative hardliners who dominate the judiciary, this month banned her from practice, enforcing that part of her 2010 sentence.
“From the first day in prison, my interrogator vowed to use all his powers to stop me from practicing law,” she had said on the second day of her protest. “Four years on, he seems to have succeeded with the help of others.”
She said on Wednesday she would stop protesting once the right of dissidents to work and the bar’s independence were restored. She had been accompanied in her protest by 15 other people, including human and women’s rights activists.
“For years Iranian dissidents have been denied the right to live, work and seek education,” she said on her husband’s Facebook page last week, referring to a crackdown on pro-democracy activists since 2009.

Akhilesh strips 82 SP leaders of MoSstatusPrint
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:30 am
Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav Saturday removed 82 Samajwadi Party leaders who were enjoying the minister of state (MoS) status since 2012. The sacked leaders were appointed as advisors in various departments and chairmen of various corporations and commissions.
All these leaders were given the MoS status following lobbying and recommendations from various quarters, including senior political leaders and religious leaders. They also got the salary of an MoS, accommodation in Lucknow and other perks.
“I can tell you the reason for their removal after consulting the leadership,” SP spokesperson Rajendra Choudhary said.

Files speak of Bose deputys espionage actsUpdated: October 26, 2014 00:52 IST
Files speak of Bose deputy’s espionage acts
Parvathi Menon
A. C. N. Nambiar in a 1954 file photo.
TOPICS
India
In the cache of files released recently by the United Kingdom’s National Archives are 218 files relating to the activities of Arathil Candeth Narayan Nambiar, a rather shadowy figure who lived in Europe during the 1930s and 1940s, first as a journalist but later as a deputy of Subhash Chandra Bose.
Visit to Moscow
A.C.N. Nambiar came under the radar of the British intelligence services after he visited Moscow as a guest of the Soviet Union in 1929. He was linked to early Left figures — his wife Suhasini was the sister of the Indian revolutionary poet Harindranath Chattopadhyaya and Virendranath Chattopadhyay.
The documents speak of him as a communist, who “later became a tool in the hands of the Nazis”. Though he was expelled from Germany at the outbreak of the Second World War, he was allowed to return as a result of the alliance that Subhash Chandra Bose forged with the Nazi government.
Nambiar was given the responsibility for conducting the Azad Hindu radio broadcasts, and, according to one British dispatch, “drew a high salary” from the Nazis.
He later became Bose’s appointed head of the Free India Movement for Europe, when the latter moved to Southeast Asia and negotiated a controversial alliance with the Japanese.
Met Nehru?
Nambiar was arrested in Austria in June 1945 and interrogated in September 1945 as a Nazi collaborator. Under questioning, he claimed to have met Jawaharlal Nehru (who later became India’s first Prime Minister) in Berne, and only to have been “slightly acquainted” with Bose. The file has copies of the correspondence between him and Bose, as well as a detailed report on the military groups set up by Bose for training in Germany.
Mr. Nambiar’s companion for many years was Eva Geissler, who became Eva Walter after marriage. The British believed that she was a spy for the Germans.
The files however contain a letter from Walter to the British authorities after the war, asking about the whereabouts of Nambiar who she said worked for no other country but only for the love of his own.
The files erroneously state that Nambiar’s brother-in-law Harindranath Chattopadyaya was married to the American communist Agnes Smedley (it was in fact the latter’s brother Virendranatha Chattopadhyaya, or “Chatto” as he was known, who was the partner of Smedley).

Happy New Year  (HNY) Fans  Review: Funny Tweets About Shah Rukh and Farah KhanHappy New Year  (HNY) Fans  Review: Funny Tweets About Shah Rukh and Farah Khan
Indian portfolio manager in US fined $500 000Hi Guest
Indian portfolio manager in US fined $500,000
Reema Shah pleaded guilty to insider trading and cooperated with the US government for accepting insider info from a Yahoo! executive An Indian portfolio manager, who had pleaded guilty to insider trading and cooperated with the US government in its crackdown on securities fraud cases, avoided jail term and has instead been sentenced to two years' probation and a $500,000 fine.Reema Shah, 42, had pleaded guilty in 2012 to securities fraud in connection with an insider trading scheme in which an ...

Earnings trip on subdued demandE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

26 Percent Of Young Women Report That They Have Been Stalked Onlinereddit
If you look at mild forms of online harassment these days (like name-calling), you'll find that young men and women actually suffer at roughly similar rates. But don't for a second let that fool you into thinking the Internet is an equal playing field for men and women alike.
Yes, in a survey released Wednesday, the Pew Research Center did find 50 percent of young men and 51 percent of young women -- "young" being defined here as aged 18 to 24 -- say they have been called offensive names online. And men were more likely to report being "harassed" online than women, by 44 percent to 37 percent.
But Pew also found that young women face vastly higher rates of online harassment in two of its most intense, dangerous and emotionally disruptive forms: sexual harassment and stalking.
Twenty-six percent of young women told Pew that they have been stalked online (compared to 7 percent of young men), and 25 percent of women reported that they have been sexually harassed (compared to 13 percent of  young men).
Both young men and young women deal with vastly higher rates of online harassment than Internet users as a whole. (Source: Pew Research)
The stalking numbers, at least, are in line with some other statistics about stalking: Just a few years ago, The National Center For Victims Of Crime found that about 25 percent of women become victims of stalking at some point in their lifetime.
And the survey results might not even tell the full story about just how much worse online harassment is for women than for men. Slate's Amanda Hess argued that the survey did not do a great job defining words like "harassment" and "stalking."
When asked to elaborate on their experiences, poll respondents had widely differing views of what constituted harassment, but all of those responses were given equal weight, Hess noted. For example, one anonymous poll respondent considered being labelled racist a form of harassment, and the survey gave that anecdote the same weight as a rape threat.
"Is being called a rape apologist the same as being threatened with rape?" Hess asked. "No, but it’s all harassment here."
One thing we do know is that women take harassment more seriously than men. Thirty-eight percent of women reported that their harassment was "extremely or very upsetting," while only 17 percent of harassed men felt the same. This is perhaps another clue that women are facing more extreme harassment than men.
For the survey, Pew asked 2,849 people over the Internet about their personal experiences with online harassment. The survey was conducted between May 30 and June 30 of this year.
More:

Ebola test positive for New York doctor who treated patients in AfricaDr. Mary Travis Basset, NYC Health Commissioner, second from left, speaks during a news conference at Bellevue Hospital to discuss Craig Spencer, a Doctors Without Borders physician who tested positive for the Ebola virus. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | New York | Posted: October 24, 2014 10:02 am | Updated: October 24, 2014 12:41 pm
A physician with Doctors Without Borders who returned to New York City after treating Ebola victims in West Africa tested positive for the virus, setting off fresh fears about the spread of the disease.
Dr. Craig Spencer, 33, is in isolation at Bellevue Hospital . Two friends and his fiancée have been quarantined. At a news conference, New York Mayor Bill de Blasio sought to reassure the public that they are safe from Ebola.
“Being on the same subway car or living near someone with Ebola does not in itself put someone at risk,” De Blasio said.
The first confirmed case in America ‘s largest city set off renewed fears about the spread of the virus, which has killed nearly 4,900 people, largely in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
There have been nine cases of Ebola seen in the United States since the beginning of August.
The U.S. stock market reacted to the news and S&P futures fell 9 points or 0.45 percent. The dollar slipped against the euro and the U.S. 10-year Treasury rose, lowering its yield to about 2.24 percent.
Spencer developed a fever and gastrointestinal symptoms after working for the humanitarian organization in Guinea, one of three West African nations hardest hit by Ebola.
He felt the first symptom about 10 a.m. ET on Thursday when he developed a fever, city Health Commissioner Mary Travis Bassett said. People with Ebola only become contagious when they start feeling sick, she said.
He had been monitoring his temperature twice a day, she said.
A specially trained team wearing protective gear transported Spencer to Bellevue Hospital from his Manhattan apartment, the city said in a statement.
He came into close contact with two friends and his fiancee who have been placed in quarantine, she said. One of them is now in the hospital, she said.
A fourth person, a taxi driver, did not come into close contact and was not considered at risk, she said.
Spencer’s apartment in Manhattan’s Harlem neighborhood is sealed off, the health commissioner said.
His test will be sent to the Centers for Disease Control for confirmation which should come within 24 hours, she said.
The commissioner said Spencer completed work in Guinea on Oct. 12 and left two days later. Spencer’s Facebook page, which included a photo of him clad in protective gear, said he stopped over in Brussels.
Spencer arrived at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York on Oct. 17. After arriving home, he took a 3-mile (4.8-km) run, rode several subways, went bowling and may have eaten at a restaurant, the health continued…

Canada Parliament gunman had planned to travel to Syria: PoliceA police officer guards the National War Memorial in Ottawa, Ontario, on Thursday, Oct. 23, 2014. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Ottawa | Posted: October 24, 2014 11:20 am
The gunman in Wednesday’s attack on Canada’s capital had a criminal record and recently applied for a passport, planning to travel to Syria after undergoing a “radicalization process,” police said on Thursday.
Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, was a Canadian who may also have held Libyan citizenship, said Bob Paulson, commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP). He said the suspect had no apparent links to another Canadian who killed a soldier in Quebec earlier in the week.
Zehaf-Bibeau fatally shot a soldier at a national war memorial in the capital Ottawa on Wednesday before racing through the parliament building where he was shot dead near where Prime Minister Stephen Harper was meeting with lawmakers.
Born in Montreal to a father from Libya and a Canadian mother, Zehaf-Bibeau had gone on to live in Calgary and Vancouver, police said.
“We need to investigate and understand his radicalization process. He is an interesting individual in that he had a very well-developed criminality,” Paulson said. “There is no one path or one formula to radicalization.”
The RCMP had only learned of the suspect’s interest in traveling to Syria when it interviewed his mother on Wednesday, the commissioner said.
U.S. officials said on Wednesday that they had been advised Zehaf-Bibeau was a convert to Islam, the same as the assailant in Monday’s attack, Martin Rouleau, 25, who ran over two Canadian soldiers with his car. Both attackers were shot dead.
IN PICS: Canada on high alert after parliament attack
“We have no information linking the two attacks this week,” Paulson told reporters in Ottawa, which remained on high security alert. He said police expected to swiftly determine whether Zehaf-Bibeau received support in planning his attack.
Zehaf-Bibeau had recently applied for a passport and had arrived in Ottawa on Oct. 2 to try to speed that process, but checks by the RCMP did not turn up any evidence of national security-related criminality despite criminal records indicating infractions related to drugs, violence and other criminal activities, Paulson said.
People look at the makeshift memorial near the National War Memorial near Parliament Hill, where Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, 24, was killed by a gunman. (Source: AP)
Questions about Email
The commissioner said Zehaf-Bibeau’s email was found in the hard drive of someone charged with what he called a terrorist-related offence.
“We need to understand what that means and so when we say ‘a connection’ it is a sort of, you know, the weakest of connections. Clearly given what’s happened it’s strengthened by what’s happened,” Paulson said.
Zehaf-Bibeau was not one of a group of 93 people the RCMP are investigating as “high-risk travelers,” he added.
Underscoring tensions on Thursday, armed police arrested a man who tried to approach the shooting site just as Harper, the prime minister, was laying a wreath to commemorate the slain soldier.
Harper said the attack would only strengthen Canada’s response to “terrorist organizations”.
On Tuesday, Canada sent six warplanes to the Middle East to participate in U.S.-led air strikes against Islamic State militants who have taken over parts of Iraq.
Harper pledged to speed up a plan already under way to bolster Canadian laws and police powers in the areas of “surveillance, detention and arrest”.
The attacks prompted U.S. officials to consider steps to tighten controls on the border with Canada and make it easier to revoke the passports of suspected militants, but officials cautioned the talks are in preliminary stages.
Mother’s Apology
A woman who identified herself as the suspect’s mother issued a statement earlier on Thursday apologizing for her son’s apparent actions.
“No words can express the sadness we are feeling at this time,” said the woman, Susan Bibeau, in a statement provided to the Associated Press. “We send our deepest condolences.”
Zehaf-Bibeau stayed at a homeless shelter in a downtrodden part of Ottawa for at least a week before the attack, multiple people at the site said on Thursday.
A friend Steve Sikich, who had lived with Zehaf-Bibeau at a Vancouver homeless shelter, said Zehaf-Bibeau had rambled about wanting to travel to Libya and join the Islamic State. “He didn’t seem like a bad guy,” Sikich said.
Police have interviewed some of the people who were at the Ottawa shelter, but none of the people with whom they spoke said they had any knowledge of his plans.
In 2011, a homeless Zehaf-Bibeau begged a British Columbia judge to put him in jail so he could overcome a crack cocaine addiction, according to court records reported by Canadian media.
Tighter security was evident all over the sprawling parliamentary zone in downtown Ottawa.
The flag flying over Parliament’s Centre Block, where the gunman had burst in on Wednesday morning, was at half mast and bullet holes could be seen in the carpet just inside the front door and in the masonry in the hallway.
As police hunted for Zehaf-Bibeau in the parliament building, Harper spent a few terrifying moments hiding in a closet-like space in the building, listening to a barrage of gunshots that one member of parliament thought was machine gun fire, the Canadian Press news agency reported.
“Because we heard so many gunshots, the impression I had was there were several gunman outside with machine guns about to enter and spray the caucus,” the paper quoted Jay Aspin, a member of parliament who was present, as saying. “It was pretty traumatic.”

Ottawa shooter had sought Libyan passport: Libyan embassy officialPeople look at the makeshift memorial near the National War Memorial near Parliament Hill, where Cpl. Nathan Cirillo, 24, was killed by a gunman. (Source: AP)
Ottawa | Posted: October 24, 2014 10:07 pm | Updated: October 24, 2014 10:13 pm
The man suspected of shooting dead a Canadian soldier on Wednesday had sought a Libyan passport in recent days but had been unsuccessful, an official at the Libyan embassy in Ottawa said on Friday.
“Even if your father was born in Libya, there are many documents that are required in order to get a passport. It is not easy,” said the official, who refused to give his name.
The suspected shooter, Michael Zehaf-Bibeau, 32, was a Canadian citizen who may also have held Libyan citizenship, Canadian police said on Thursday.

WHO sending experts to Mali after first Ebola diagnosis in the West African countryBy Abby Ohlheiser October 24 Follow @abbyohlheiser
In Anniston, Ala., the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is training health providers who will be going to West Africa to fight the Ebola outbreak. (Jorge Ribas/The Washington Post)
The World Health Organization is preparing to send a team of experts to Mali after the country announced that it had its first Ebola case, a WHO spokesperson said Friday.
Mali's health minister said Thursday night that a 2-year-old girl who recently traveled from Guinea with her grandmother was admitted to a hospital in Kayes this week and tested positive for Ebola.
On Friday, WHO spokesperson Fadéla Chaib told The Post in an e-mail that four experts would travel to Mali as soon as possible to provide help with clinical management, epidemiology, contact tracing and social mobilization. "These functions need to be deployed within the next 24 hours," Chaib said.
The group will join a team of three WHO workers already in Mali, where they have been working on outbreak preparedness in the country since Oct. 19.
According to the WHO's statement on the case, the toddler's symptoms included a 102.2-degree fever, a nose bleed, bloody stools and a cough.
Chaib said the child first saw a health-care worker in Kayes, in the western region of Mali, on Monday. The next day, she was moved to the Fousseyni Daou Hospital and admitted to the pediatric ward.
Officials took samples from the patient on Wednesday, which were analyzed at the Bamako University Lab on Thursday. (An earlier statement from Malian officials said that the patient was admitted to a hospital on Wednesday.)
The WHO said that 43 contacts of the child have been isolated, including 10 health-care workers in Kayes. Local authorities are in the process of contact tracing and training personnel at the isolation site treating the child, the organization added.
In a second statement Friday, the WHO said that, based on an initial investigation, officials believe the grandmother traveled to a funeral in southern Guinea. The grandmother then returned to Mali on Oct. 19 with the child. The pair used public transportation.
"The case history revealed that bleeding from the nose began while both were still in Guinea, meaning that the child was symptomatic during their travels through Mali," the statement said. "Multiple opportunities for exposure occurred when the child was visibly symptomatic."
WHO officials are "seeking confirmation of media reports that the funeral was for the child’s mother, who is said to have shown Ebola-like symptoms before her death."
The number of people being monitored for symptoms of Ebola in the U.S. is growing. Here's how the virus spreads and how contact tracing works to stop outbreaks. (Gillian Brockell/The Washington Post)
Mali is now the sixth West African country to record an Ebola case during the deadliest outbreak in history . The epidemic, whose death toll is rapidly approaching 5,000, has been centered in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia; Nigeria and Senegal have also recorded cases.
Just hours before Malian health officials announced the diagnosis, WHO assistant director general Keiji Fukuda said to reporters that the organization had "reasonable confidence right now that we are not seeing widespread transmission of Ebola into the neighboring countries," including Mali, Guinea Bissau and the Ivory Coast.
However, WHO hadn't ruled out the possibility of an Ebola case in Mali, as it was one of 15 countries identified as a "priority" by the WHO as the outbreak spread -- due in part to its proximity to the most severely affected regions. That's why, Chaib said, there was already a small WHO team in Mali before the first case was identified.
A sign at the Mali-Guinea border, in Kouremale. (Joe Penney/Reuters)
The Kayes region of Mali, where the first case was diagnosed, borders Guinea, one of three countries hardest hit by the Ebola epidemic. Guinea alone has recorded 904 Ebola deaths and 1,540 total cases of the disease, according to the latest figures available from the WHO .
In all, there are 4,877 confirmed deaths and 9,936 confirmed, probable and suspected cases of Ebola in seven countries: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone, Spain, the United States, Nigeria and Senegal.
Two of those countries are now considered Ebola-free: Nigeria and Senegal. Senegal, which also neighbors Mali, had a single case of Ebola, also imported from Guinea.
Also on Friday, the WHO announced that "several hundred thousand" doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine will be available by the first half of 2015.
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Cheaper oil actually hits oil PSU marginsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Lenders against plan to limit appraisals for large loans to big banksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

2 killed and 4 injured in US school shootingPrint
Police and sheriff vehicles are parked in the driveway of Marysville Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Wash., Friday, Oct. 24, 2014, the afternoon after a morning shooting in the school's cafeteria. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: October 25, 2014 12:45 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 10:11 am
In yet another tragic shooting in a US school, a student opened fire in a school cafeteria, killing one student and critically injuring four others before taking his own life, police said.
The shooting occurred on Friday in the cafeteria of Marysville-Pilchuck High School, 55km north of Seattle in Washington State.
The shooter was identified as Jaylen Fryberg, who was recently named the school’s homecoming prince. He shot himself and died, the police said. Eyewitness said the shooting began from cafeteria. Before turning the gun onto him, Fryberg killed one girl student. Two other girls and two boys were wounded. The injured were taken to a nearby hospital.
The four injured, including two cousins of the gunman, were shot in the head, the BBC reported.
Hundreds gathered at The Grove Church in Marysville, Wash., in the evening for a vigil to honor victims of a shooting at Marysville-Pilchuck High School on Friday, Oct. 24, 2014. (Source: AP)
Zach Yarbrough, a junior, told the local Seattle Times that he saw the shooter “extend his arm across a round table and fire his gun three to four times.” He watched the shootings but didn’t see what happened afterward because he “was already out of the cafeteria.”
One of the injured students, Jarron Webb, 15, said the shooter was angry about a romantic relationship he was involved in, and that the girl was one of the people shot. He said he believes one of the victims was his friend since kindergarten, the daily reported.
According to CNN, the shooter used the gun of his father. It is a “high capacity” weapon, the channel reported.
The school was locked down after the gunshots in the building, the school district said.
The FBI is sending its personnel to assist local officials in investigation.
This was the second shooting incident in a school in the region this year.

21 people killed in oil tank explosion and coal mine accident in ChinaPrint
An injured miner is transferred to hospital after a coal mine collapsed in Tiechanggou township, China's Xinjiang regional capital of Urumqi Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: October 25, 2014 10:25 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 10:26 am
Around 21 people were killed and eleven were reportedly injured in two separate incidents in China.
Five people were killed after an oil tank truck exploded in China’s central Hubei Province, local authorities said on Saturday.
Three others were injured in the accident that took place last night in Zigui County, according to the local government.
The oil tank truck overturned and then exploded, killing the driver and nearby villagers.
Three houses were severely damaged by the explosion, state-run Xinhua new agency reported.
More than 70 police officers and firefighters joined the rescue.
In yet another incident, sixteen workers were killed and 11 others injured after a coal mine collapsed in China’s Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.
The accident occurred in the regional capital Urumqi late last night when 33 workers were working underground.
Six of them managed to escape, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
The injured workers have been hospitalized.
The cause of the accident is being investigated in an orderly manner, the report said.

India picks Israel s Spike anti-tank missile over US Javelin: sourceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi takes tea  but no questions  in first press event as PM of IndiaNarendra Modi takes tea, but no questions, in first press event as PM of India
Reuters | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 25 2014, 19:39  IST
Oct 25 2014, 19:39  IST
 

US condemns Iranian woman s execution: State DeptUS condemns Iranian woman s execution: State Dept
5-phase poll too exhaustive  say Jharkhand parties5-phase poll too exhaustive  say Jharkhand parties
Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG: Now in IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nissan to recall 9 000 cars for faulty airbagsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

5 Simple Stress Relievers For The Small Business OwnerThere's no getting around the fact that running your own business is hard. It can be, at once, scary, overwhelming, and stress-inducing.
But it can--and should--also be rewarding, productive, and enjoyable.
You don't have to live your life as a veritable ball of stress when you own a business. There are several steps you can take to ensure that you tackle each new day with a clear mind and calm attitude.
Here are five things you can do today (and every day) to relieve your small business-induced stress:
1. Have a daily plan (but be flexible)
The most successful, productive, and stress-free business owners start every day with a plan. Some people write lengthy to-do lists, others jot down the few things that must get done. However, you choose to approach it, you should begin your day with a clear idea of what you want to accomplish. This relieves stress by clearing your mind of the 101 tasks you know you need to complete and ensures that you'll accomplish what you need to, when you need to accomplish it.
2. Schedule your time in chunks and minimize distractions
Here's the hard truth: You are not a good multi-tasker. None of us are. We are cognitively unable to juggle several tasks at once, while still performing each of them efficiently and effectively. Batch your projects and minimize distractions: Set aside a block of time for writing-related tasks or client projects, checking and responding to email or reading and commenting on the blogs of influencers in your industry. And, all the while, keep distractions at a minimum. Give each important project a solid chunk of focused time and you'll be amazed what you can accomplish.
3. Practice yoga/meditation
Nothing clears your mind--quite literally--like meditation and yoga. By taking the time to exercise your mind and body and focus on your present circumstances you can see any stress-inducing conflicts with proper perspective: Are these things deserving of your headspace? What can you let go of? What can you solve today? Take regular time to clear your head and reevaluate what's deserving of your time and energy.
4. Hire people to help
This one's a fairly practical tip, but one that too many business owners avoid. You can hire help long before you think you can afford it! Many business owners work with affordable freelancers and virtual teams to delegate work. And, if you think about it, you're only losing money by spending your valuable time and precious energy on basic administrative tasks--like writing social media content, managing your bookkeeping, and scheduling calls and meetings--that other people can do for (and probably better than) you!
5. Take some time off
We get it--you own a business; it lives and dies by the time that you put into it. But you're not putting anything valuable into your company if you're working 24/7 and not taking care of your own body and mind.
You don't have to take a vacation every month, but I encourage you to set aside regular time for yourself! Give yourself an hour during the day to grab lunch and take a walk. Schedule time to unplug and spend uninterrupted time with your family. Designate a day where you remain email- and social media-free.
We promise, if you've incorporated the four steps before this, taking time away from work will be easier than ever and will allow you to come back to your business more refreshed, clear-headed, and stress-free than ever before.
As a small business owner, how do you overcome the inevitable stress? Let us know in the comments!
Follow Perry Paolini on Twitter: www.twitter.com/merrittbookkeep
More:

Subrata Roy s Sahara Group  M S Dhoni buy Hockey India League s Ranchi franchiseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Number of Ebola cases crosses 10 000: WHONumber of Ebola cases crosses 10 000: WHO
Mauritania closes border with Mali after Ebola deathMauritania closes border with Mali after Ebola death
Happy New Year  Ends Shah Rukh  Salman and Aamir Khan Fans  Twitter FightsHappy New Year  Ends Shah Rukh  Salman and Aamir Khan Fans  Twitter Fights
Sisi says there was a "foreign support" in the Sinai attackSisi says there was a "foreign support" in the Sinai attack
Server migration not related to IAF advisory:XiaomiPrint
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 1:42 am
Days after it was reported that the Indian Air Force (IAF) had issued an advisory asking its personnel and their families not to use Xiaomi smartphones on account of ‘spying’, the company has decided to move some of its servers away from China, but has denied that the move is in response to the notification.
In a blog post, Xiaomi’s  global vice president Hugo Barra said that the company is migrating its servers and  the move would “benefit users in all of our international markets — Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Taiwan”.
“We believe that this migration will help improve the performance of our services. It will also provide some peace of mind for users in India in ensuring that we treat their data with the utmost care and will always maintain the highest privacy standards,” Manu Jain, head of Xiaomi’s India operations, told IndianExpress.com.
“We are not sure, but this might be some kind of misunderstanding. We do not have full information about the circular issued by IAF, however we believe that this advisory circular is based on events about 3 months back. We believe, it refers to the F-Secure test done on the Redmi 1S in July 2014 about the activation of our Cloud Messaging service by default,” added Jain.

Launchpad: YotaPhoneBy: Express News Service | Posted: October 26, 2014 1:37 am
YotaPhone
Rs 23,499
Dual-screen smartphone
Meet the YotaPhone — a smartphone which comes with a second screen at the back. It features a liquid crystal display on one side and an electronic paper display on the other. The second screen enables users to have access to the information they want and need on a continual basis without having to wake up the phone. Jumbo Electronics has partnered with Flipkart to launch the YotaPhone in India at a price of Rs 23,499. It sports a 16 million colour 4.3-inch IPS LCD touch screen with a resolution of 1280×720 pixels and 342 ppi pixel density on one side and a 4.3-inch 16-grayscale electronic paper display with a resolution of 640×360 pixels, 16:9 aspect ratio and 170 ppi pixel density on the other side. It runs on a 1.7 GHz dual-core Snapdragon S4 Plus with 2 GB of RAM and 32 GB internal memory and Android 4.2 Jelly Bean operating system powered by an 1800 mAh battery, the dual-screen smartphone mounts a 13MP rear camera and a 1MP front camera. On the connectivity front, the device offers 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.0.
Panasonic 4K Varicam
NA
4K power
Panasonic India has launched two new variants under its Varicam series of film production cameras — the Varicam HS and Varicam 35. It also developed a next generation of P2 solid-state recording for these Varicam series products. Specifically designed to capture 4K or high speed HD images, the express P2 card offers transfer speeds up to 2.4 Gbps. The Varicam HS provides smooth slow motion effects, by recording in 240 fps HD, without a cache memory — extraordinary high-definition imagery for documentaries, sports or slow-motion applications.
LG L Bello
Rs 18,500
Affordable alternative
LG has launched its L Bello smartphone at a price of Rs. 18,500. LG touts its L Bello as ‘an affordable yet powerful’ alternative to the flagship LG G3 and inherits most of the G3’s design. The L Bello features LG’s ‘rear key’ design with a floating arc curved back and gradually tapered edges. It sports a 5-inch true IPS 480×854 pixels display with 196 ppi pixel density. Powered by a 2540 mAh battery, it runs on a 1.3 GHz quad-core processor, 1 GB RAM and runs Android 4.4 KitKat with LG UI 3.0. It offers 8 GB of internal storage which can be expandable up to 32 GB.

Googles Pichai to oversee major products servicesSundar Pichai, Senior Vice President, Google
By: Reuters | San Francisco | Posted: October 26, 2014 1:28 am
Google Inc Chief Executive Officer Larry Page has put Sundar Pichai, one of his key lieutenants, in charge of the Internet company’s products.
The India-born executive will have oversight over products such as search, maps, Google+, commerce, advertising and infrastructure, according to a Google spokesman.
Six executives who previously reported to Page, including the heads of research, social media and search, will now report to Pichai, according to Re/code, which first reported the change on Friday, citing an internal memo.
The change will free Page from having as many direct reports and product units to oversee so that he can better focus on “the bigger picture,” according to the Re/code report, which also cited anonymous sources. YouTube, Google’s popular video website, will be unaffected by the new structure and will continue to report directly to Page.
The move puts Pichai, 42, in charge of many of Google’s main services, including its core search and advertising units, which generate the bulk of the company’s revenue.
Google, the world’s No.1 Internet search engine, has experienced several high-level management changes this year. Chief Business Officer Nikesh Arora departed unexpectedly in July to become Vice Chairman of Japan’s SoftBank Corp and was replaced by longtime Google executive Omid Kordestani. Vic Gundotra, the head of Google’s social networking services, left in April.
Pichai, who has risen rapidly through the ranks since joining Google in 2004, is viewed by many industry insiders as potential CEO material. In addition to his duties overseeing the various products, Pichai will continue to lead Google’s Android and Chrome software operating systems as well as Google’s Apps business.

Centre to take up illegal sand mining with states nextweekThe Union mines ministry is asking states if the Centre should assist states in eliminating illegal mining
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 26, 2014 1:19 am
Concerned over large scale illegal sand mining across states, the Union mines ministry has convened meeting of all states and Union Territories next week to discuss the legal and administrative frameworks in place in each state to govern sand mining and the actual experience of states in handling such cases.
Sand is a minor mineral under Section 23C of the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act and states have been granted powers to frame rules regarding illegal mining.
In a letter to mining departments of all states and Union Territories including early this week, the ministry said though sand was a minor mineral and was under jurisdiction of states, it has become necessary to examine whether the Centre should take some steps in assisting states to curb and eliminate illegal mining of sand, especially because there are serious environmental consequences that follow from this activity.
The illegal sand mining ws discussed at recent meetings of Parliamentary Standing Committees on water resources as well as steel and mines.
In the meeting to be held in Delhi next week over three days, the mining secretaries of each state and union territory would discuss with the mines ministry on steps taken by them to curb and eliminate illegal sand mining and prevent adverse consequences of illegal sand mining on environment.
Sources said states would also suggest as to what further needs to be done in this regard.
While Orissa and 11 other states including Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh would be consulted on October 29, Assam, Kerala and 11 other states would meet on October 30. The remaining 11 states and Union Territories would be consulted on October 31.
In a 2011 judgment on mining in Haryana the Supreme Court said that the increasing demand for sand due from building and construction sectors was placing immense pressure on the supply of the resource, which has led to mining activity — both legal and illegal.

EU earmarks $250 mln to help develop Ebola vaccines: sourcesEU earmarks $250 mln to help develop Ebola vaccines: sources
Reporter Resigns After GOP Campaign Allegedly Tried To Block Damaging Storyreddit
A veteran Chicago Sun-Times reporter has resigned from his job amid speculation that the newspaper bowed to pressure from the campaign of Illinois gubernatorial candidate Bruce Rauner (R), an ex-stakeholder in the paper, to punish the reporter for writing a story the campaign was not happy with.
Dave McKinney, who had served as the paper's Springfield bureau chief and led its Illinois political coverage since 1995, announced his resignation Wednesday via an open letter addressed to Sun-Times chairman Michael Ferro Jr .
Earlier this month, McKinney co-authored a story centered on allegations that Rauner verbally threatened an executive of LeapSource, a company owned by GTCR, Rauner's investment firm. The Rauner campaign has denied the allegations , pointing out that the complaint was dismissed in summary judgement, though the campaign for incumbent Governor Pat Quinn (D) has been using the story in its advertising.
McKinney in his open letter writes that the Rauner campaign tried to block the LeapSource story by suggesting a conflict of interest between the reporter and his wife, Ann Liston, who works as a political consultant. According to McKinney, Sun-Times publisher Jim Kirk responded by defending McKinney and the story, but the reporter was nonetheless pulled from his beat and told to go on leave. McKinney also says Kirk offered up other jobs at the paper that McKinney "considered demotions."
McKinney eventually returned to his position. Soon after, the Sun-Times, which had instituted a policy of no political endorsements in 2012 , endorsed Rauner, who was a 10-percent owner of Sun-Times parent company Wrapports LLC until shortly before he launched his gubernatorial campaign.
Though Kirk has publicly defended McKinney and his story -- as well as the paper's endorsement of Rauner -- the reporter writes that the controversy has "had a chilling effect in the newsroom."
"Readers of the Sun-Times need to be able to trust the paper. They need to know a wall exists between owners and the newsroom to preserve the integrity of what is published. A breach in that wall exists at the Sun-Times," McKinney writes. "While I don’t speak for my colleagues, I’m aware that many share my concern. I’m convinced this newspaper no longer has the backs of reporters like me."
UPDATE: 4:30 p.m. -- In response to McKinney's resignation, Kirk said in a statement to Crain's Chicago Business that he "disagree[s] with Dave's questioning the integrity of this newspaper and my role as editor and publisher. I call the shots. While I've been here, our ownership and management have never quashed a story and they have always respected the journalistic integrity of this paper." He also described McKinney as "among the best in our profession" and said he still stands behind the LeapSource story.
Rauner is challenging Gov. Quinn in what has been called one of the nation's most expensive governor races this year.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Vitaminwater Pressured To Pay People Who Thought It Was A Health DrinkEarlier this month, Red Bull agreed to pay up to $10 to anyone who's ever bought a Red Bull to settle claims that it misled customers into thinking the energy drink “gives you wings.”
Now a nonprofit wants Vitaminwater to offer a similar payout.
Truth In Advertising, a Connecticut-based group that fights against deceptive advertising, is trying to get compensation for people who bought Vitaminwater thinking it was more healthful than it actually is. To do this, the group is pressuring a judge to reject a class-action settlement over the brand's advertising.
Earlier this month, Coca-Cola, which owns Vitaminwater, agreed to pay $1.2 million to end a class-action lawsuit filed on behalf of residents of Florida, Ohio, Illinois, Missouri and the U.S. Virgin Islands that said Vitaminwater was making exaggerated health claims on its bottles and listing calorie counts for an unrealistic serving size. The company also agreed to list the total calories per bottle and add “see nutrition facts for more detail” to Vitaminwater labels.
But the settlement's critics point out that Coca-Cola had already made these labeling changes, meaning the settlement won't make any difference to Coca-Cola. Truth In Advertising wants the company to do more. It wants a payout for customers in the class-action states who bought the drink, and it wants Coca-Cola to change Vitaminwater's name and sell it as a soda, instead of a hydration or sports drink.
“Ideally, what we want is for Coke to compensate consumers for being deceived, similar to the Red Bull settlement,” Bonnie Patten, the executive director of the group, told The Huffington Post on Wednesday. The group also wants Vitaminwater to end what it calls “deceptive marketing” by changing its name, Patten said.
A judge has to approve the current settlement on Dec. 2, but Truth In Advertising wants residents of the four states and territory listed in the lawsuit to send letters to lawyers for plaintiffs and defendants and court clerks in several locations before the Nov. 3 filing deadline and express opposition. Then, the settlement could be reconfigured, with a payout for those affected.
Coca-Cola may be eager to get the settlement approved because the case is similar to another one from 2009 that's still languishing in New York courts. The Center for Science in the Public Interest took Coca-Cola to court in 2009, accusing it of deceptive marketing and of violating the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s rules against fortifying junk food with vitamins.
That lawsuit targeted Vitaminwater’s claims that its drinks could reduce the risk of chronic diseases, improve joint function and boost mental and physical wellness, according to court documents. The company has since replaced such blurbs with conversationally written anecdotes hinting at how the drinks, which contain about 33 grams of sugar per 20-ounce bottle -- or almost a third of the sugar in a bottle of Coke -- can improve focus, remedy alcoholic hangovers or boost immune systems.
Danielle Dubois, a Coca-Cola spokeswoman, said the company was “pleased to reach an amicable resolution” of the class-action suit, but declined to comment on the earlier New York case. She did not immediately respond to questions about what prompted the company to change the blurbs on its bottles.
Steve Gardner, who as litigation director at the Center for Science in the Public Interest filed the original lawsuit in 2009 , told HuffPost on Wednesday that the class-action settlement isn't really punishing the brand because Vitaminwater had already changed its labels. He said his nonprofit group was considering filing an objection to accompany Truth in Advertising's efforts with the judge.
“All the things they said Coke has agreed to change, Coke has now put in writing, but in reality they had already done,” he said. “The settlement is worthless to anyone in the public interest, the class members and the consumers, but it’s very profitable for the lawyers who settled it.”
More:

Centres stand on black money mirrors UPAs: Chidambaramgovernment
Former Finance Minister and Congress leader P. Chidambaram has said that on the issue of revealing the names of black money hoarders, the Modi government’s submission to the Supreme Court was the same as the UPA’s stand.
On October 17, the Centre had submitted to the Supreme Court its inability to disclose the names of Indians who had illicit accounts in foreign banks, sparking allegations that the Modi government had made a U-turn on its election campaign promise.
The government had cited provisions of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement that India had with countries where these accounts were held as the reason for the non-disclosure.
Mr. Chidambaram told The Hindu that there was “no difference” between this submission and the stand the UPA government had taken.
Defending the Centre’s stand, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said last week that the names would be revealed after following the due process of completing investigations and reaching conclusions about the quantum of unaccounted money.
The names of the account holders would become public when they were quoted in court proceedings, arising from complaints to be filed by the Income Tax Department against tax offenders, Mr. Jaitley wrote in a Facebook post last week.
India received information about account-holders with LGT Bank (Liechtenstein) from the German tax authorities in March 2009.
Two years later, it received the names of 782 people who had accounts with the Geneva branch of HSBC bank, leaked by a former bank employee named Hervé Falciani.

MUZAFFARNAGAR : 3 juveniles among 5 of family named in UP riotcasePrint
Written by Manish Sahu | Lucknow | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:02 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 6:15 am
Three juveniles are among five of a Jat family who have been accused of torching a Muslim neighbour’s house during the September 2013 riots in Lisad village of Muzaffarnagar district in Uttar Pradesh. The parents of one of the juveniles are the other two accused in the case.
The family, however, claims that the complainant was not present in the village on September 8, 2013 — the day the house was torched — and framed them because of an old dispute over a loan.
The family has filed a petition with police asking them to remove their names from the FIR. The case is being investigated by the Special Investigation Cell formed by the state government to probe the riot cases. The family says they learnt of the three juveniles — aged 11, 15 and 16 at the time of the incident — being named in the case after receiving summons from a local court.
Inspector Ajay Kumar Gupta, investigating officer of the case, said being a minor could not be a criterion to give a clean chit to any person. He said the case was under investigation and police moved court since the accused had not been responding to notices.
According to the FIR, the complainant, Shakeel Ahmed, said the accused turned up at his house around 11 am on September 8 with a sword, country-made pistols and a bucket of kerosene. He said the accused hurled abuses and torched his house after he fled with his family. He lodged an FIR on September 14, 2013.
The mother of one of the juvenile accused — the other two juveniles are relatives — sent a petition with an affidavit on October 8 to the Senior Superintendent of Police, Muzaffarnagar, with a prayer to look into facts in the case and removal of names from the FIR. She also submitted her son’s school certificate and a character certificate. In her affidavit, she asked that  proceedings against her son be dropped.

US nurse quarantined over Ebola criticises hertreatmentIllinois joined New York and New Jersey in imposing mandatory quarantines for people arriving with a risk of having contracted Ebola in West Africa.
Posted: October 26, 2014 2:00 am
Illinois joined New York and New Jersey in imposing mandatory quarantines for people arriving with a risk of having contracted Ebola in West Africa, but the first person isolated under the  new rules, a nurse back from Sierra Leone, strongly criticized her treatment.
Under a policy introduced on Friday, anyone arriving at John F Kennedy International Airport or Newark Liberty International Airport after having contact with Ebola patients in Liberia, Sierra Leone or Guinea must submit to a mandatory quarantine for 21 days. Three weeks is the longest documented period for an Ebola infection to emerge.
Kaci Hickox, a nurse, returned on Friday from working with medical charity Doctors Without Borders in Sierra Leone and was placed in quarantine after arriving at Newark.
Hickox, who was transferred from the airport to a hospital where she was placed in isolation, described a confusing and upsetting experience at the airport and was worried the same treatment was in store for other American health workers trying to help.
“I … thought of many colleagues who will return home to America and face the same ordeal,” Hickox wrote in an article published on Saturday by The Dallas Morning News with the help of one of the newspaper’s reporters. “Will they be made to feel like criminals and prisoners?”
The state quarantines were imposed after a New York City doctor was diagnosed with the disease on Thursday, having returned this month from working with Ebola patients for Doctors Without Borders in Guinea.
Dr Craig Spencer, who is being treated in isolation at Bellevue Hospital Center in Manhattan, was the fourth person to be diagnosed with the illness in the United States and the first in the country’s largest city.
His case set off renewed worries in the United States about the spread of the disease, which has killed thousands of people in West Africa. Concern over Ebola in the United States has become a political issue ahead of Nov. 4 congressional elections.
Illinois will also require a mandatory quarantine of anyone who has had direct contact with Ebola patients in those countries, Governor Pat Quinn said in a statement on Friday.    His announcement did not explicitly discuss it, but the new measure was likely aimed at people arriving at Chicago O’Hare International Airport.
The airport is one of five US airports where health screening is in place for passengers whose journeys originated in the three West African countries that have borne the brunt of the worst Ebola outbreak on record. Such passengers are now obliged to route their journeys into the United States through those five airports.
Quinn’s office and local health officials did not respond to requests for further comment.
Health officials in Virginia, where Washington Dulles continued…

5 Small Business SEO Tips You Can Implement In-House Right Nowreddit
Every small business owner should implement search engine optimization into his or her online marketing strategy, but many shy away because they think they need a huge budget to get started. An effective and complete strategy will cost money, but that doesn't mean you have to sit idle until you can afford to hire an SEO agency.
Here are 5 small business SEO tips that you can implement right now in-house. These can help you improve your online presence and begin to attract website traffic. Some businesses have to start small because of budget limitations, and there is nothing wrong with that. Following these tips will help you build a solid foundation that an agency can build on when the budget becomes available.
1. Google My Business
The majority of consumers turn to Google search when they are looking for information. It is the dominant search engine, commanding a 67.6% market share , making it extremely important that your small business is found in Google's local search results.
Make sure that you create a Google My Business profile, fully complete all sections and select the most appropriate categories for your business listing. Fill out your full business address exactly as it appears on your website, business location hours, write a complete description of your business, and include the maximum number of photos.
2. Encourage Customer Reviews
Gathering positive reviews online is an important part of small business SEO. There are many ways that you can ethically encourage reviews without straight-up telling your customers to leave a review. E-commerce websites can send an email to previous customers letting them know that their feedback is valuable, and providing links to popular review sites such as Yelp and Google My Business.
Businesses with physical locations can create a page on their website that has links to all of the review websites and direct their customers to the address on receipts and postcards placed in bags. There is a right way and a wrong way to collect reviews. For more information read over Google's local review policies .
3. Secure Links From Trust Sources & Local Organizations
Is your business an accredited member of the Better Business Bureau? If not, then you are missing a great link opportunity. Is your business a member of your local Chamber of Commerce? Again, this is a great link opportunity. Membership organizations like these are a great way to earn high quality links, but they also convey a level of trust.
You can also find amazing link opportunities from local organizations, including charitable groups, schools, and community events. Often times these can double as a link opportunity as well as an opportunity to put your business in front of your local community.
4. Create Citations & Audit NAP Data
There are many business directories that allow you to create a listing for free, complete with your business name, address and phone number. This is often referred to as NAP data, and it is very important that your NAP remains 100% consistent across every business directory.
Listings like Yelp, yp.com, and foursquare are all great listings that you should claim and complete. There are tools available, such as Moz local that will help you identify, claim and manage local listings. Moz local also audits your listings, identifying duplicate listings and inconsistent data.
5. Publish Consistent Content
You should have a blog on your website and it is important that you publish new fresh content on a regular basis. Not only does a frequent content schedule give your website visitors something new to engage with each time the visit, but it also gives you a change to target long tail local-focused keywords to rank in the organic search results.
Hiring an SEO agency or a full-time writer to create content might not be in the budget at the beginning, but that doesn't mean you should neglect your content publishing. Source blog posts from within your business -- assign topics to employees and develop contributors from within.
Want more free online marketing tips? Make sure you sign up for the Market Domination Media weekly newsletter. Click here to instantly download a free copy of "The Complete A-Z Online Marketing Strategy Guide" and you will also automatically receive free online marketing tips in your inbox every week.
Follow Jonathan Long on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MDMSEO
More:

Happy New Year: A long night at the barA still from the movie Happy New Year
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
We all know Farah Khan loves her escapist entertainers and, literally, her own ones as well. She packs her scenes with spot-the-reference cues, even some self-referencing ones, generously. A vault is named after the retro heist film Shaalimar, the dancer heroine is Mohini (because you know, Tezaab), there’s the Chak De sattar-minute speech rehashed, the Amitabh Bachchan Mohabbatien line (Parampara, Pratishta, Anushasan), the ‘Picture abhi baki hai mere dost’ line from Om Shanti Om.
So what happens when Bollywood tries its hand at heist? Usually, the result is Don 2 or Dhoom 2 or 3 — a wannabe Hollywood-looking film with car chases shot in foreign locations minus the logic and plausibility. Full credit to Farah Khan for not going there and for choosing to embrace the genre with all that’s truly Bollywood — song, dance and drama.
So while the template is decidedly heist, the treatment is completely Bollywood. Each character is introduced one by one with their skill sets and quirks — some of these quirks and eccentricities are dumb and contrived in a trying-hard-to-be-funny way. Nandu (Abhishek Bachchan) loves to drink and throw up. Jagmohan (Sonu Sood) is hard of hearing and gets worked up if anyone says anything about his mother (this joke is used purely to orchestrate a nine-month-long comic fight sequence that is of no consequence to the film). And Tammy (Boman) gets random convulsions for 30 seconds exactly and dresses like he’s seven years old.
Imagine you are out with an old friend who isn’t all that funny but you laugh anyway because you know he’s a good guy and also because you have become used to his sense of humour. Watching Happy New Year feels exactly like that. It requires you to wear your bar mood and after that, it’s not such a bad night.
Because one hour into the film, Mohini (Deepika Padukone) makes an entry and gives the film the very thing it needs. “The movement of the booty… I mean the beauty of the movement,” as Charlie (Shah Rukh Khan) observes.
Happy New Year is too self-aware for its own good but thankfully, it packs in some laughs with moments of irreverence and political incorrectness. The sporting Anurag Kashyap-Vishal Dadlani cameo, or the scene where the team hacks into the results to eliminate a talented children’s team called Angels, Abhishek Bachchan’s snake dance (which is likely to go viral in nightclubs) or racist digs at the Korean team.
Speaking of Koreans, this is a team that rarely laughs. A dig at Korean cinema, perhaps, because what Farah is trying to say here is that dance (or by that extrapolation, art) is not about the form but about winning hearts.
There are a couple of unwarranted, contrived twists slapped on before the actual heist to infuse needless drama and Farah loses an opportunity to make her Team India understand HOW they need to dance. As if the form really doesn’t matter. Surely, a street fighter has some moves that he just needs to apply to dance. Snake dance could have its own charm. And yes, even an introverted hacker nerd could have discovered dance as an outlet for his repressed emotions. Strangely, despite being a choreographer storyteller, Farah Khan has missed exploiting this opportunity to justify how these oddballs manage to dance — which is absolutely essential for us to know if we are to root for their dance and cheer them to win.
She does slightly better managing the heist part of the narrative until we find out there’s a password that needs to be cracked — one that has conveniently not been changed for years, despite the fact that the guy who set the password was arrested for stealing diamonds.
But hey, if you are still in that bar mood by the time you reach the ending, chances are you will enjoy Happy New Year as much as I did.
It’s a return to form for both Farah and Shah Rukh Khan though the real show stealers are Abhishek Bachchan and Deepika Padukone. Happy New Year could steal your heart if you don’t use your head. When you wake up the next morning, you probably won’t remember much. Except that you laughed out loud a few times for some strange reason.
Genre: Drama
Director: Farah Khan
Cast: Shah Rukh Khan, Abhishek Bachchan, Deepika Padukone, Boman Irani, Sonu Sood, Vivaan Shah, Jackie Shroff, Anupam Kher
Storyline: A bunch of oddballs need to steal diamonds and qualify for the world dance championship – all at the same time.
Bottomline: Farah once again walks the line between spoof and tribute in this rather long, self-aware entertainer with enough moments to make you smile

Your Two Jobs As A Managerreddit
Over the years I've ended up hiring and training a lot of people in their first jobs as a manager, and I always tell them they have two responsibilities: to set clear expectations and to reduce uncertainty for their teams. (I think this is true of anyone in management, but if you're a founder/CEO, you're also responsible for overall vision, strategic direction, etc. but I won't get into that here.)
I was thinking about this yesterday because I've been having the expectations/uncertainty conversation a lot lately with more senior/C-level managers and have had to articulate what I mean, so I figured it might be useful to do it here.
Set Clear Expectations
Nothing sets people up to fail faster than being unclear about what you expect them to achieve in their jobs. One of the mistakes that I see a lot of first-time managers make is failing to do this from the outset. They worry more about building up a good friendly rapport with the people they're managing (which is not unimportant*) and many of them try a little too hard to be liked because they have some guilt about being the authority figure in the relationship, which is often a new experience for them. The downside of this is that if expectations are not articulated in the beginning, there's a good chance that the employees flail because they are trying to please the boss and do the right thing, but don't know what is actually required, or they lose respect for the manager because they assume the manager doesn't actually know what their objectives should be.
How do you determine what expectations you should be articulating? Start with what you'd consider success for the individual employee and then outline success for the team/company as a whole. Quantitative goals are the easiest to figure out, but there are probably some qualitative aspects of how the job gets done that are important and the person working for you needs to know what those are. (If you have trouble defining those things in positive terms, think about what would be dealbreakers for you.)
A corollary to this is that you should never massively oversell a job during the hiring process. If there's a tedious part of the job that's also an absolute requirement of the job, don't gloss over it just to land the candidate, or you may end up with a miserable employee you have to replace sooner rather than later.
I personally don't believe in micromanagement and when I find myself doing it, I always consider it a sign that I hired badly. I like to give people goals that are a bit of a stretch, but not unattainable and let them come up with a plan to get there, which we then review and come to an agreement about what will work and what won't. I try to keep an eye out for when they're getting in the weeds and make sure they're comfortable asking for help, but I give them as much autonomy as they can productively handle because it's the fastest way to learn.
But it should always be apparent to everyone that the company is moving in a specific direction toward a specific goal, and everyone should be able to articulate their role in getting it there with codified benchmarks for whether they're succeeding or failing.
I have a pretty direct management style. This is not a euphemism for "I'm a giant asshole," it just means that if there are problems, I try to confront them head-on and I don't couch an urgent message in qualified language that undermines the urgency of the message. If someone's not meeting expectations, we talk about it as soon as I realize that it's a problem. If I've done a good job of setting expectations in the first place, he or she is never surprised by that conversation.
I also don't believe in qualifying praise. I've had two bosses myself who after I hit a positive hard-to-reach milestone would qualify the acknowledgement with something underminery about how maybe the goal was too easy or I had too many resources. These people were famously bad managers to everyone, so I didn't take it too personally, but it made them seem small and petty, and I don't think that attempting to instill insecurity in your employees in order to motivate them is a good management strategy. If your employees are actually competent and know they're doing a good job, they just lose respect for you. Don't exaggerate praise to the point of suggesting that mediocre work is good work, but err on the side of generosity.
Reduce Uncertainty
This is something that's a little harder for a lot of people to learn and / or accept.  Talented hardworking people become unproductive and demoralized in environments where they don't know what's going on. It makes them feel insecure about their work, even when it's good, and it makes them feel that their jobs are at risk.
In small companies and start ups, there's inherently a lot of uncertainty. Pivots happen all the time in small and big ways. But it's always surprising to me how frequently managers neglect to communicate those changes, or clam up when employees rightly want to know what's going on. Generally, people don't need answers to everything, but when things seem overly opaque or they're getting conflicting messages, managers have to be able to articulate a) what's happening in the moment, and b) give people a reasonable idea of where the company is going. If specific questions can't be answered because decisions haven't been made yet, or there are dependent variables that haven't been determined, "I don't know yet," is a perfectly acceptable answer. But sometimes hard to get senior managers to learn to say "we haven't decided yet, but here's the timeline for the decision and we'll let you know when we decide." This is not weakness; it's honesty. (That said, too much I don't know for too long is also a problem, and probably indicative of an indecisive management team.)
You can't be transparent about absolutely everything, but erring on the side of transparency even when the news is negative builds trust, which is what will take your company through any unexpected rough spots. If your employees think you're withholding information or being cagey, they'll generally assume it's because you're hiding something bad. Your employees aren't looking for a perfect story with a fairy tale ending; they're looking for certainty-about what's happening, the stability of their jobs, and what management thinks about their performance. And they'd rather have someone who gives them hard news in a way that treats them like the adults they are, rather than patronizing them with misdirection and rosy assurances that everything is fine when they can see that it plainly isn't. Trust is more important than likability -- though certainly if everyone hates you, it's very unlikely that they're going to trust you. But you can't tell people falsehoods that they want to hear on the basis that they'll have more benevolent feelings toward you with the idea that it'll make it easier for you to lead. It won't. Your team probably already has an inkling of the truth and if they don't, they'll find out sooner or later. Do not lie to them.**
But uncertainty can also be a problem when things are going extremely well. Anxiety can be a reaction to both very positive and very negative events.  If you're expanding and scaling rapidly, the process is going to introduce a lot of chaos and anxiety about how the process is going to be managed. If your employees are getting significant promotions or benefiting in material ways from the company's success (i.e., big windfalls), those things create anxiety too. It's not your job to be anyone's therapist, but you should understand that with all the changes, where the company's going and how you're getting there is an ever-shifting thing.  Which means you have to articulate what's happening now and what you anticipate will happen as urgently as you do when things are going badly.
In companies that are small enough, there may be a sense that these things don't need to be articulated because "everyone knows". It's better to assume they do not. I see founders and CEOs do this a lot when mid-level and junior employees don't feel comfortable asking them those questions directly, or they may feel like they're imposing on the senior manager's time. Then they quietly become stressed out, demoralized and unproductive. Communicate iteratively, and often.
* Likability can be an important asset as a manager, but it shouldn't be conflated with respect or trust. We understand this implicitly in our personal relationships-there are people we enjoy being around, but we wouldn't trust with anything we care about, and there are people we think are trustworthy but find personally irritating sometimes. Ideally, all of these things go together, but in messy, complex real life they often don't.
** This may seem obvious, but apparently it isn't: DO NOT LIE TO YOUR EMPLOYEES. I had a job-I won't say which one-where I gave a mid-level manager reporting to me a heads up that I had to deliver a piece of bad news to the staff. He suggested I lie about it since there it wouldn't have been easy for the staff to verify one way or the other. I told him that if I ever caught him doing that I'd fire him. I have no idea if he makes a practice of doing that, but if so, I'd imagine it's going to bite him in the ass sooner or later. And more importantly, it's just the wrong thing to do.
Elizabeth Spiers is a journalist and digital media expert. This post first appeared on her website, www.elizabethspiers.com .
More:

TN deaths: Jaya offers Rs 6.7 cr as relief to kin ofsympathisersPrint
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:42 am
According to the latest death toll released by AIADMK, a total of 219 people have lost their lives after the Bangalore special court convicted former chief minister J Jayalalithaa in a disproportionate asset case on September 27.
On Saturday, AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa issued a statement announcing a solatium of Rs 3 lakh for 26 families of sympathisers who lost their lives after her conviction. This is in addition to the solatium announced by Jayalalithaa last week for 193 families and a relief of Rs 50,000 each for three partymen who were fighting for their lives at a hospital. So far, the total solatium announced is Rs 6.57 crore.
Expressing her pain at reports of suicides and deaths, the statement said a total of 219 people have lost their lives. She appealed cadre not to indulge in such acts.
Last week, an AIADMK release specified 193 deaths — 139 of cardiac arrest, 20 by hanging, 17 by self-immolation, nine by consuming poison, one by jumping before a bus and three by jumping before a train.
However, the nature of deaths has not been specified in the latest list.

Police torture: Protest in Nilgiris over youthsdeathPrint
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:39 am
The death of a 26-year-old man sparked protests in Udhgamandalam on Saturday following allegations that he died after physical torture in police custody.
Karthik, a worker in an estate near Kothagiri, was taken in police custody on Thursday in connection with a theft case. After the investigators refused to release him, his parents moved the court and relatives complained that he died a day after his release at a government hospital.
More than 200 people, including local residents and relatives of Karthik, sought immediate action against police officers who allegedly tortured him at Kothagiri and Solarmattam stations. They said Karthik was semi-naked and had injuries all over his body when he was handed over by the police.
He was taken in custody in connection with a theft of Rs three lakh from a house near Kothagiri.
Besides the police station, his relatives alleged, Karthik was also taken to a private cottage where he was subjected to severe torture before being handed over to his parents on Friday. A police officer said Karthik was taken to the government hospital in Kothagiri after release. P Shankar, district collector of Nilgiris, said a revenue divisional officer is probing the matter.

Poacher shot  tension on TN-KarnatakaborderPrint
By: Express News Service | Chennai | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:36 am
Tension prevailed along the Tamil Nadu-Karnataka border near Salem on Saturday after an alleged poacher from a Tamil Nadu village was shot dead by Karnataka forest officers.
More than 1,000 people from the border villages in Tamil Nadu attacked the Palar checkpost and the office of the forest range officer of Gopinathapuram division in Karnataka on Friday after the decomposed body of Palani (42), from Govindapadi village, was found near the banks of Cauvery.
Villagers, who ransacked the Karnataka forest office, denied that Palani was a poacher. They alleged that he was tortured and killed by the forest officials. They said his private parts and a hand had been chopped off.
Karnataka officials, however, said there was a shootout in the forest range of M M Hills, which was once the hideout of sandalwood smuggler Veerappan. They said Palani and two of his aides, Raju and Muthuswamy, had sneaked into the forest area and killed two deer. “The shootout took place in the early hours of Wednesday when the forest guards on patrol came across the poachers. The forest guards retaliated after Palani and his aides refused to surrender and fired at them,” said a senior forest official.

Student Who Stood Up To GOP Congressman Says He Was Shocked By Homophobic RemarkStudent Who Stood Up To Don Young Says He Was Shocked By Homophobic Remark
Posted:
Updated:
10/24/2014  8:59 am EDT
Rep. Don Young (R-Alaska) made highly insensitive remarks about gay marriage and suicide at a Wasilla, Alaska high school earlier this week. (Photo By Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call) | Tom Williams via Getty Images
reddit
WASHINGTON -- An Alaska high school student said he and his classmates were stunned by Rep. Don Young's (R-Alaska) insensitive comments during a school assembly Tuesday and thinks the congressman’s apology was insincere.
Zachary Grier, 17, a senior at Wasilla High School, asked Young during the assembly why he still opposed same-sex marriage, even after a court struck down Alaska's ban on same-sex unions . Young responded by asking Grier, “What do you get when you have two bulls having sex?” When Grier answered that he didn’t know, Young told him: “A whole lot of bull.”
Grier said his principal cut the assembly short after his question. Many teachers later thanked him for pressing Young.
“I was pretty upset,” Grier told The Huffington Post. “I can understand having your own opinion, and that’s fine. But having your own opinion and coming into a room filled with high schoolers and telling them that same-sex marriage is the same as two bulls having sex -- in my opinion, that’s wrong.”
Even more shocking, Grier said, was the way Young talked about suicide less than a week after a high school classmate took his own life. Young told the assembly of about 130 students that suicide was caused by a lack of community support, which angered a close friend of the deceased student. When the student interrupted Young to say that wasn’t true, the congressman called him a “smartass,” Grier said.
“To hear that it was because you weren’t a good friend, I mean that makes someone hurt more than just having that happen,” Grier said. “To hear that it’s your fault after the fact is definitely a heavier blow.”
The leader of the nation's largest suicide prevention organization expressed dismay at Young's comments.
"Alaska has one of the highest rates of suicide in the United States and it is disappointing that Representative Young would say such ill-informed remarks about something that is taking the lives of his constituents, young and old, across the Frontier State," said Robert Gebbia, CEO of the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
Gebbia said it's imperative for people to be sensitive when talking about suicide, and responsibility is greater for those who hold public office. "Members of Congress, and elected officials across the country, should lead by example on this important health concern," Gebbia said.
Grier said he had not heard from Young personally, but the school received an apologetic letter from Young’s campaign. Grier said the letter was meaningless because Young on Wednesday said he stuck by his comments.
“In my opinion, a written apology doesn’t mean crap because it’s not from him,” Grier said. The teen also dismissed a statement released by Young’s office on Tuesday that said Young “did not mean to upset anyone with his well-intentioned message.”
“I don’t know how anything was well-intentioned there,” Grier said. “Whatever was intended well was not taken well, I’ll put it like that. Because of the way he made it come across and because of the views that he’s sticking to, a day after he heard how badly it affected our school.”
Grier added that he thought his school would appreciate a genuine apology from the congressman.
Young, who has served in Congress since 1973, exposed viewpoints that Alaska voters may not have known he held, Grier said.
“Why would people from Alaska have voted this guy in so many times if these are his views and he’s not afraid to stick by them whether it hurts high schoolers or not?,” Grier said. “I still don’t understand how people could have voted him in as much as they have.”
Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) said Thursday night that she had talked to Young and "encouraged him to rethink the past few days and apologize to Alaskans" for his remarks.
"One of Don's qualities that Alaskans appreciate is his willingness to speak from the gut," Murkowski wrote on her Facebook page. "On a serious issue like suicide, that casts an enormous and dark shadow across our state, much more thought needs to be given before speaking up. Words matter, and I hope Don can recognize the need to apologize to all Alaskans who have been impacted by the tragedy of suicide."
This article has been updated to include comment from Sen. Murkowski.
Jennifer Bendery contributed reporting.
Need help? In the U.S., call 1-800-273-8255 for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline .
Also on HuffPost:

The 10 Least Livable Countries> Human Development Index score: 0.341
> Gross nat’l income per capita: $588 (2nd lowest)
> Life expectancy at birth: 50.2 years (5th lowest)
> Expected years of schooling: 7.2 years (4th lowest)
The Central African Republic has been in the midst of a severe crisis in recent years. Last year, armed rebels seized the capital and took over the government of the country. Unrest has continued since then. According to the African Development Bank, “Every state and public institution has been affected by the crisis and the State has effectively collapsed.” The U.S. State Department currently warns all Americans against travelling to Central African Republic and notes that violence in the country is widespread. Unlike the many African countries that have made substantial progress in improving their Human Development Index scores, the Central African Republic has not. Few countries have a lower life expectancy or higher rates of infant and child mortality than Central African Republic. The country also spends very little on health care, and it had one of the highest maternal mortality rates in the world, at 890 deaths per 100,000 live births, in 2010.
2. Democratic Republic of the Congo
> Human Development Index score: 0.338
> Gross nat’l income per capita: $444 (the lowest)
> Life expectancy at birth: 50.0 years (4th lowest)
> Expected years of schooling: 9.7 years (31st lowest)
The Democratic Republic of the Congo had the world’s lowest gross national income per capita, at just $444 last year. Additionally, more than 87% of the population lived on less than $1.25 a day, the highest rate in the world. Like a number of other least-developed nations, the Democratic Republic of the Congo had extremely high infant and child mortality rates. As of 2012, the infant mortality rate was 100 deaths per 1,000 live births, the second worst in the world. The country is also by far the largest among the world’s least livable, with a population of 67.5 million as of last year. The country was the site of one of the most brutal conflicts in recent world history from 1998 through 2003, and violent conflicts have continued to flare up since then.
1. Niger
> Human Development Index score: 0.337
> Gross nat’l income per capita: $873 (6th lowest)
> Life expectancy at birth: 58.4 years (24th lowest)
> Expected years of schooling: 5.4 years (2nd lowest)
No country scored lower on the Human Development Index than Niger. A student entering school in 2012 could only be expected to study for 5.4 years on average, less than any country except Eritrea. Also, nearly 43% of those between the ages of five to 14 worked, one of the highest rates in the world. Slavery, although criminalized, remains a problem in the country. Niger also had the highest adolescent birth rate in the world, with nearly 205 births per 1,000 women ages 15 to 19 in 2010. Further, less than a third of people 15 and older were literate. According to the World Bank, Niger suffers from chronic food insecurity due to “political instability and natural crises – notably droughts, floods and locust infestation.”
By Alexander E.M. Hess and Thomas C. Frohlich

Dehradun man kills 4 family members overpropertyPrint
By: Express News Service | Dehradun | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:10 am
A man in his early 20s who allegedly killed four members of his family on Diwali, was produced before a local court and sent to 14-day judicial remand on Saturday.
Harmeet Singh had allegedly stabbed to death his father Jai Singh, stepmother Kulwant, their adopted daughter Harjeet (29) and Harjeet’s daughter Sukhmani (3) while the four were sleeping at home in Adarsh Nagar.
The police said Harjeet was pregnant and had come to her father Jai Singh’s house in Dehradun to deliver her third child. Jai Singh, who was in the advertising business, had married twice. The accused Harmeet is the son of the first wife who stays in UP’s Saharanpur. The police believe that Harmeet killed the four out of fear that his father might transfer his properties to his adopted daughter Harjeet.

Andhra needs 30 000 acres of land for new statecapitalPrint
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:08 am
The Andhra Pradesh government has concluded after several surveys and studies that it would require 30,000 acres of land to establish a new capital. The land is needed to house government and administrative offices, state government institutions, housing quarters for ministers and MLAs, and other government buildings.
The new capital city is excepted to be completed five years after construction begins in the Vijayawada-Guntur region. For this, the existing Vijayawada-Guntur -Tenali-Mangalagiri-Urban Development Authority  would be dissolved and the Capital Region Development Authority will be notified once the plans are finalised.
The Capital Advisory Committee has also decided that an Urban Development Authority for Visakhapatnam would be formed on the similar lines of the capital city. The Chief Minister would be the chairman of this authority.
In a meeting with the committee at the Secretariat on Saturday, Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu said that the process of procuring land would be through land pooling system, and that even private real estate developers would be encouraged to procure land, for which they would be compensated by being made stakeholders in the capital development. Only if land owners refuse to give land would the government opt for land acquisition, the CM said.
The advisory committee is headed by Urban Development and Municipal Administration Minister P Narayana, and comprises TDP MPs Y S Chowdhary and Galla Jaydev, former MLA B Mastan Rao, B Srinivas of GMR Group, M Prabhkar Rao of Nuzividu Seeds Ltd, G V Sanjay Reddy of GVK Group, and Peepul Capital CMD C S Raju.
Under the land pooling system, 50 per cent of land will be earmarked for common assets. The CM has directed the committee to expedite the process of land pooling and said a special officer would be appointed to look into the system. The land pooling certificate, which would confer transferable rights on the reconstituted land, will be given to the land owner after the notification of layout plan is out.
The Chief Minister said that district collectors with respective local legislators and ministers would take the responsibility of convincing land owners to participate in the land pooling system.
During the meeting, it was also decided that an additional incentive in the form of Rs 25,000 per acre, escalating at the rate of five percent a year for 10 years or till the first transaction, would be given to each land owner. The land owners would be exempt from paying stamp duty, registration fees and non-agriculture land assessment.
The landless poor who lose their livelihoods will be provided training for skill upgradation for employment opportunities, Naidu said.

Two scientists  two blockbuster cropvarietiesFarmer Pritam Singh (left) with IARI head A K Singh (centre)
Written by Harish Damodaran | Panipat | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:02 am
When A K Singh was appointed head of the Indian Agricultural Research Institute’s (IARI) Genetics Division last month, he got a congratulatory SMS from Baljeet Singh Virk, a farmer from Bathinda in Punjab, for becoming the top man at the “jenatics department”.
The message went on to say that Singh had not just given farmers paise or rupees, but had made them “lakhpatis”.
Virk’s praise wasn’t without reason.
Singh is the chief breeder of Pusa-1509, a basmati rice variety that farmers have grown on almost 5 lakh hectares this kharif season, compared to 5,000 hectares last year.
Pusa-1509’s advantage is its yield. The average 25 quintals paddy per acre from the variety are way above 10 quintals from traditional basmati varieties such as Taraori and Dehraduni. It surpasses even the 20 quintals for Pusa-1121, which now accounts for over half of India’s two-million-plus hectares sown with basmati.
Deepak Pental, professor of genetics and a former vice-chancellor of Delhi University, said Pusa-1509 represented “a very fine example of what publicly funded farm research can really do”.
No less a success story in public breeding is HD-2967, a wheat variety that was released for commercial cultivation in September 2011. In the 2013-14 rabi season, this variety — bred by IARI scientists led by its Joint Director (Research) K V Prabhu — was grown in about six million hectares.
No variety or hybrid of any crop has ever covered such a large area in as short a time; even Bt cotton took five years from 2002 to 2007 to cross six million hectares in India.
Pritam Singh from Urlana Khurd in Panipat’s Madlauda tehsil has harvested 27 quintals per acre with Pusa-1509 this time. Major Singh of Barsat, a village in Gharaunda tehsil of Karnal, has managed 29.5 quintals.
Both Pusa-1121 and Pusa-1509 have lower plant heights than the 160 cm levels for traditional basmatis, making them more responsive to fertiliser application. “The Pusa-1509 plant is only 80 cm tall, below even the 120 cm for Pusa-1121,” says A K Singh, who was also associated with the breeding of Pusa-1121, that generated three-fourth of India’s $4.9 billion earnings from basmati exports in 2013-14.
But yield isn’t the sole attraction. “Pusa-1509 matures within 120 days. Since transplantation can be done after monsoon arrival, I have to give only 10-11 irrigations, whereas it is 15-16 for Pusa-1121 that grows over 145 days,” said Pritam Singh.
Anil Mittal, chairman of KRBL Ltd, India’s largest basmati exporter, however, noted that Pusa-1509 paddy was currently selling at Rs 2,500-2,600 a quintal, below the Rs 2,900-3,000 for Pusa-1121. This, he felt, had to do with the higher percentage of broken kernels on milling.
“The head rice (i.e. unbroken kernels) recovery is only 47-48 kg from every quintal of parboiled Pusa-1509 paddy, while 53-54 kg for Pusa-1121. But from the farmer’s standpoint, the five quintals extra yield and 25 days less duration (in maturing) more than compensates for any lower continued…

US FDA issues emergency authorisation for two new EbolatestsThe US Food and Drug Administration granted emergency authorisation on Saturday for two new Ebola tests.
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:01 am
The US Food and Drug Administration granted emergency authorisation on Saturday for two new tests made by BioFire Defense that detect Ebola in humans.
FDA said in a news release that it has been working closely with Salt Lake City-based BioFire Defense to obtain the necessary performance data to enable the authorisation of the Ebola tests.
“We understand the importance of quickly diagnosing Ebola cases in the US and abroad. FDA is committed to working with companies in the most expedited manner to increase the availability of authorised diagnostic tests for Ebola for emergency use during this epidemic,” the agency said.

UP lowest among traditional BIMARU states in 9-yr growthUP lowest among traditional BIMARU states in 9-yr growth
Jharkhand regional parties unhappy with five-phaseelectionPrint
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:14 am
For the regional parties of Jharkhand, which fought an election earlier this year, slugging it out in a five-phase election spread over 26 days may be an uphill task.
There are worries that a long-drawn-out electoral process will favour the national parties as they can manage the logistics, ration out funds and keep cadres motivated over such a long period.
“Yes, we are worried that the bigger parties will have an advantage. This could have been held over three phases. We could not make a representation to the Election Commission about it this time, but it is something we should have considered,” said Pradeep Yadav, general secretary of JVM(P), former CM Babulal Marandi’s party.
The state chief of the TMC also expressed reservations. “The decision to have elections over five phases was taken for administrative reasons — to contain the security threat. It could be a problem for smaller parties,” admitted Bandhu Tirkey.
Those like the AJSU, whose chief Sudesh Mahto had fought a bitter and yet unsuccessful battle for the Ranchi seat earlier this year, had fought in earnest in the Lok Sabha elections. Marandi of the JVM(P) as well as TMC’s Tirkey had contested too, with similar results.
The JVM(P) has been visibly hit by Marandi’s morale-sapping loss, with six legislators and a clutch of leaders leaving the party since. The TMC, which surged pre-Lok Sabha polls, has had trouble sustaining that momentum, with many leaders leaving.

First phase of J&K elections: EC pins hope on BandiporeturnoutPrint
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:12 am
Concerned over the boycott factor, the Election Commission has yet again decided to hold the elections in the three constituencies of Bandipore district of Kashmir in the first phase of polls in the state. In the 2008 elections, 64 per cent voters had turned up in Bandipore, setting the tone for high voter turnout in the state.
In the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, south Kashmir went to polls in the first phase. With people staying away from the polling booths — the turnout was 28 per cent in Anantnag — the trend followed in other parts of the Valley as well.
Chief Electoral Officer of Jammu and Kashmir Umang Narula said on Saturday that in the first phase, 15 assembly constituencies would go to polls, including five from the twin districts of Bandipore and Ganderbal districts.
Immediately after the press conference of the Election Commission in New Delhi, Narula addressed the press in Srinagar, giving details about the assembly segments that will go to polls in five phases.
Narula said that they have asked the deputy commissioners to do a detailed survey to relocate the polling stations due to the floods. “So far they (deputy commissioners) have indicated that there are only about 99 polling stations that needed to be changed as per their preliminary estimate,” he said.  “But we have asked them to do a detailed survey and in case there is any requirement, they will tell us and we will relocate.”

Chit fund: CBI questions BJD MLA over awardnominationPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:16 am
About a week after the Orissa High Court rejected his anticipatory bail petition in chit fund scam, the CBI on Saturday interrogated senior BJD MLA Pravat Tripathy after it emerged that he had nominated chit fund group Artha Tatwa’s chief Pradeep Sethy for a state-sponsored cooperative award.
Tripathy, who was interrogated for the fourth time by the CBI, was questioned for 90 minutes over him nominating Sethy for the “Best Youth Cooperator” award in 2010 by Orissa State Cooperative Union, a government-run Apex Cooperative Society.
Two days ago, The Indian Express had reported how Tripathy, then president of the Union, a powerful cooperative body in Orissa which counts all state-based cooperative societies as its members, had recommended Sethy’s name for the award, barely a fortnight after the latter formed Artha Tatwa multipurpose cooprative society.
The award was given to Sethy on November 17 during the celebration of 57th all India cooperative week, 14 days after he formed the multipurpose cooperative society under Orissa Cooperative Societies Act. Sethy applied for the award on November 9 which was then recommended by Tripathy to the secretary of the Union on November 15. The award helped Sethy collect money from unsuspecting investors in rural and urban Orissa.

Mobile shopping set to drive e-commerce in Indiaeconomy (general)
The online retailers are taking the smartphones route to tap the market opportunity offered in Tier-II and Tier-III cities. Most leading players expect 90 per cent of their online shopping to come through smartphones and tablets within the next few years.
India is the second largest mobile phone market with more than 930 million customers. According to IDC data, the domestic smartphone market grew 84 per cent in the second quarter of 2014 and is expected to grow rapidly.
With the huge market potential offered by smartphones, companies such as Snapdeal, Flipkart, Myntra, among others, have already launched mobile applications.
“The growth in internet usage in India, largely on mobile devices, is the key driver for e-commerce growth. Specifically for fashion, the non-availability of the latest brands in Tier-II and Tier-III cities has led to high interest in online shopping,” said Myntra Chief Revenue Officer Prasad Kompalli.
Over the next three years, online market place Snapdeal expects 90 per cent of its order to come from people who buy through their mobile devices.
“Currently, around 60 per cent of our orders come through our mobile platform. We are hoping to receive 75 per cent of our transactions through mobile within the next one year. The same is expected to touch 90 per cent over the next three years,” said Kunal Bahl, Co-founder and CEO of Snadeal.com.
Another reason for the increase in mobile commerce is the penetration of smartphone into the rural markets. Around 45per cent of the online users in India access internet only through their mobile phones. As per industry experts, out of all shopping queries in India, 30 per cent come from mobile phones, however, presently less than 5per cent of total digital commerce happens through mobile
According to a recent report from IT research and advisory firm Gartner, the eCommerce market is expected to grow 70 per cent and touch $6 billion in 2015.
“Mobile commerce will help organisation skip the desktop wave with increasing penetration of affordable smart devices with connectivity and a rapidly growing ecosystem to engage customers on mobile,” said Praveen Sengar, research director, Gartner.

19 trades in 67 seconds19 trades in 67 seconds
Botswana ruling party leads in early voteresultsThe party that has ruled Botswana for nearly five decades was leading Saturday in early results.
By: Associated Press | Gaborone | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:31 am
The party that has ruled Botswana for nearly five decades was leading Saturday in early results from the country’s election, but the opposition appeared to have made gains after capitalizing on voter discontent.
The ruling Botswana Democratic Party had secured at least 18 parliamentary seats in the peaceful election on Friday, according to a live broadcast of preliminary results at polling stations. An opposition group, the Umbrella for Democratic Change, had won nine seats and another group, the Botswana Congress Party, had secured two seats, after about half of the constituencies had been counted.
A party needs 29 seats to take power in Botswana and the new parliament elects the president. There are 57 directly elected members of parliament, and the new parliament selects another four members. The president and the attorney general also become members, bringing the total to 63.
The southern African country has a reputation for stability and clean governance, although opposition figures allege the leadership has become increasingly intolerant.
In the 2009 elections, the ruling party won 45 of the 57 directly elected parliamentary seats, but won the popular vote by a smaller margin at 53.3 percent, leading fractious opposition groups to complain they were inadequately represented.
The ruling party is led by President Ian Khama, a retired army general and the son of independence leader Seretse Khama. He was seeking re-election on a platform of economic stability and efforts to alleviate persistent poverty. He has also promised to bring down Botswana’s high unemployment, but the president has become increasingly unpopular with the country’s unions after he proposed stricter labor laws.
Election results also showed that the ruling party secured a majority in council constituencies. Opposition parties made a strong showing in the country’s urban centers, including the capital, Gaborone.
Voting proceeded smoothly. The electoral commission reported minor irregularities on the voters’ roll that the commission said were quickly corrected.

Consumer advocate Ralph Nader asks Apple to pay workers more  than activist investorsConsumer advocate Ralph Nader asks Apple to pay workers more  than activist investors
US students fight for lives after latest school shootingUS students fight for lives after latest school shooting
Met Dept puts out cyclone watch in Arabian SeaMet Dept puts out cyclone watch in Arabian Sea
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, October 23:  
The India Meteorological Department has declared a cyclone watch in the Arabian Sea as a well-marked low-pressure area in the South-East awaited calibration into a monsoon depression by Friday.
There is emerging unanimity in model projections that the depression could spin up into a powerful cyclone and approach the Oman coast, but only just.
U-turn likely
What the cyclone would do is pause briefly menacingly off Oman, only to take a U-turn over the north-east Arabian Sea and take aim towards the south-west Gujarat coast.
The European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts was the first to suggest this track, picked up later by the Global Forecast System of the US National Centres for Environmental Prediction.
They are now being joined by a bevy of other models suggesting that a powerful cyclone could strike the Jamnagar-Porbandar-Amreli-Bhavnagar-Bharuch-Surat belt around October 29-30.
The European Centre sees the anticipated arrival of the western disturbance, transiting the Arabian Gulf en route to India, as the game-changer.
Moving east
It would stop the cyclone on its track, scoop it up, and fix it to its underbelly in a mid-air operation over mid-northeast Arabian Sea.
The caravan would keep moving east, and it will be a matter of time before the cyclone touches ground and erupts in a landfall over Gujarat.
It is not as if India Met Department is not aware. The wind field profile projections associated with the cyclone as depicted by it suggests a similar track for the cyclone.
The Met too has factored in the arrival of the western disturbance, which would use the ‘long handle’ to bring the cyclonic system under its control.
Once this happens, the cyclone can move only where the westerly system would take it. It is east-bound towards India, and hence the possibility of the cyclone being yanked towards Gujarat, the nearest coast.
Heavy rain
But the Met shows the cyclone still embedded within the western disturbance by October30, and lying over the northeast Arabian Sea, equidistant from Oman and Gujarat coasts.
Meanwhile, parts of coastal and south Tamil Nadu and adjoining Kerala have received heavy to very heavy rainfall during the 24 hours ending on Thursday morning.
The south-west Bay of Bengal off the Sri Lanka coast has come to life thanks to the presence of an upper air cyclonic circulation.
Satellite pictures in the evening showed that convective (rain-generating) clouds had massed up along the Kerala coast as well as Chennai and Nagapattinam on the Tamil Nadu coast.
(This article was published on October 23, 2014)
Related

School Shifts Gears After NBC Synthetic Turf Reportschool shifts gears after nbc synthetic turf report
Olfactory Artist Has Crafted A Sculpture That Smells Like Vaginareddit
Peter De Cupere , our favorite olfactory artist, has created a new work exploring the space between divine and embodied representations of women. His piece, entitled "The Deflowering," contains a rather unusual medium: the (organically and mysteriously obtained) scent of vagina.
De Cupere has crafted a statue of the Madonna made from what he refers to as "frozen holy water." In an olfactory performance, the statue is placed atop a spot carefully fashioned to smell like woman (i.e. vagina). When the holy water begins to melt, the immediate vicinity of air is imbued with the scent of passion. The work will only be on view for two hours, while the Madonna figure melts. Viewers are then permitted to rub their fingers in the puddle of holy water, but doing so results in a vaginal odor lingering on your person for an extended period of time.
When we reached out to De Cupere for more information on this unorthodox endeavor, our first question was: Why? His answer was twofold. "Religion has always been an interesting issue in art," he began. "The reason is simple, because it's conservative, an old and closed idea and art is the opposite, it's progressive and open -- like a vagina."
The artist then added his secondary method of reasoning: "A woman's vagina smells, in general, great and more men should respect that."
"I use the Madonna statue as a symbol because it's the most known religious symbol of a woman," De Cupere said. His artistic mission is, in part, to break through the aspects of femininity and sexuality often deemed taboo by organized religion -- not only Christianity. "I don't say that women are always treated wrong in religion, but it still happens too often!"
The melting of the Madonna metaphorically yields a sense of sexual freedom, while physically oozing a sexually liberated perfume. At its core, De Cupere's project is simply and wonderfully a celebration of scent -- in particular, a natural, feminine scent all too often deemed unsavory or unwelcome. "Passion is smelling and enjoying the scent of your love," De Cupere states. "It's too taboo! And what is taboo should set be free."
In case you were curious, De Cupere isn't dealing with any imitation odors here. "I ordered the fragrance from a lab and they've made it," he specified. "I wanted to be sure that it's a mix of different women and that they are from different origins. The scent is not synthetic. It's the real vaginal scent distilled in special ways. How they do it is the secret of the labs."
This is surely one of the stranger feminist artwork's we've seen smelled in our day, but we wholeheartedly support the scentiment. The performance takes place today in Antwerp, but you can get a whiff of the experience in the video below.

Burdwan bomb meant for attacks in Bangla: NIAPrint
The agency issued a statement late night stating that it had completed the initial phase of probe into the bomb blast in a house at Khagragarh village in Burdwan district of West Bengal.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 25, 2014 2:16 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 6:26 am
Confirming the initial suspicion in the October 2 Burdwan blast, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) Friday said the accused arrested in the case and their associates were members of terror group Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bang-ladesh (JMB), who were preparing Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) for transporting them to that country for possible terror attacks.
The agency issued a statement late night stating that it had completed the initial phase of probe into the bomb blast in a house at Khagragarh village in Burdwan district of West Bengal.
While two persons — Shakil Ahmed and Suvon Mandal alias Subhan — both allegedly residents of Bangladesh, were killed while manufacturing IEDs, one Abdul Hakim alias Hassan was injured. Hassan and three others including two women, one of them the widow of a suspected terrorist who died in the blast, were arrested.
“Investigation so far has revealed that the accused persons and their associates were the members of JMB, a terrorist organisation proscribed in Bangladesh and they were preparing IEDs which were being transported to Bangladesh,” the NIA said in the statement.
The agency said it is focussing on the activities of JMB covering all aspects including the funding of terror activities. It said it is also considering announcement of cash rewards for any information leading to the arrest of the absconding accused who include JMB members from Bangladesh.
The NIA statement came hours after its Director-General, Sharad Kumar, inspected the house in Burdwan where the blast took place also took stock of the field investigation being conducted by the agency.
After spending about 30 minutes at the blast site, Kumar inspected another house at nearby Mathpara on Badsahi Road where 40 improvised hand grenades were found. He also visited a house which one of the suspected dead terrorists Shakil had rented in Beldanga in Murshidabad. He later went to ‘Burqa Ghar’, apparently a burqa making unit run by Shakil but suspected to have been used as a place to meet the other accused.
The visit came two weeks after the agency took over investigations. Later, Kumar held a meeting with the agency’s Kolkata team after which he said strategies have been worked out to arrest the absconding accused persons.
“I have come to Kolkata to review the investigation. I had a detailed discussion with my officers. We have evolved strategies regarding arrests of absconding accused persons. I can’t reveal anything because it will affect the investigation,” Kumar said on his return.

Iran re-arrests leading human rights lawyer Nasrin SotoudehPrint
By: Reuters | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:39 am
Iranian security forces arrested world-renowned human rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh and several others on their way back from a protest on Saturday, her husband said.
“While returning from the sit-in outside the Bar Association in Tehran, Nasrin was detained along with several friends and colleagues,” her husband, Reza Khandan, said on his Facebook page.
“They photographed and ran identity checks on all the detainees and then released everyone but Nasrin, who is still detained wantonly and without a court order.”
Sotoudeh, who has represented Iranian opposition activists, was sentenced to six years in jail in 2010 and banned from practice after being convicted of spreading propaganda and conspiring to harm state security.
Her case came to international attention in 2012 when she embarked on a 50-day hunger strike against a travel ban on her daughter.
The United States and human rights campaigners like Amnesty International criticised the Islamic Republic over the case and Sotoudeh was freed in September 2013 ahead of a visit to the United Nations by President Hassan Rouhani, soon after he swept to election victory in part on promises of liberal reforms.
Speaking to Reuters by telephone on Wednesday, Sotoudeh said she was protesting outside the Iranian Bar Association to demand a reversal of a three-year ban on her practicing law.
Iran’s Bar Association, under pressure from conservative hardliners who dominate the judiciary, this month banned her from practice, enforcing that part of her 2010 sentence.
“From the first day in prison, my interrogator vowed to use all his powers to stop me from practicing law,” she had said on the second day of her protest. “Four years on, he seems to have succeeded with the help of others.”
She said on Wednesday she would stop protesting once the right of dissidents to work and the bar’s independence were restored. She had been accompanied in her protest by 15 other people, including human and women’s rights activists.
“For years Iranian dissidents have been denied the right to live, work and seek education,” she said on her husband’s Facebook page last week, referring to a crackdown on pro-democracy activists since 2009.

Electronics sector to get `5K crore investments in 2-3 yrsElectronics sector to get `5K crore investments in 2-3 yrs
Why the world s best-performing CEOs studied engineeringPrint
Lucas Jackson/REUTERS Jeff Bezos: Engineer by training, CEO by trade. And he's not the only one.
The Harvard Business Review came out with its list of the 100 best-performing CEOs on the planet last week.
Amazon head Jeff Bezos topped the list .
As we've mentioned  before , t he exec has grown his company's value to $140 billion in the 20 years the company has been around, and in that time Amazon has brought in a massive  15,189% on industry-adjusted shareholder returns.
But what's also compelling about Bezos is the degree he earned back in his days at Princeton University:  a Bachelor of Science in computer science and electrical engineering . 
Many of his peers on the top-100 list have a similar background. A  full 24 of the 100 best-performing CEOs have a Bachelors or Masters degree in engineering.
That's nearly the same number of people who earned the more traditional merit badge in business — 29 people on the list have MBAs. 
So why would an engineering education be nearly as well represented as an MBA? 
"Studying engineering gives someone a practical, pragmatic orientation," Harvard Business School dean Nitin Nohria told HBR. 
He should know: Nohria  got his undergrad degree in chemical engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology in Mumbai. 
"Engineering is about what works," he continued, "and it breeds in you an ethos of building things that work — whether it's a machine or a structure or an organization."
That much can be seen in the efficiency that Bezos has bred in Amazon, a place with an extreme emphasis on building the most customer-centric product possible, to the point that politeness and other social niceties are famously cast aside . 
But that's not everything that an engineering degree gives would-be leaders. 
"Engineering also teaches you to try to do things efficiently and eloquently, with reliable outcomes, and with a margin of safety," said Nohria.
"It makes you think about costs versus performance," he continued. "These are principles that can be deeply important when you think about organizations." 
More From Business Insider

California: Three officers suspected of sharing nudephotosOfficer suspected of stealing nude photos from the cellphones of a women sent them to at least two fellow officers.
By: Associated Press | Martinez | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:41 am
Authorities say a California Highway Patrol officer suspected of stealing nude and racy photos from the cellphones of women arrested on drunken driving charges sent those photos to at least two fellow officers.
The Contra Costa Times reported Friday that Officer Sean Harrington confessed to investigators in what he and other officers called a game.
Investigators say Harrington sent photos to fellow officers in Dublin, but learned it working in Los Angeles, and confessed to doing this half a dozen times over several years.
CHP Commissioner Joe Farrow says his agency has launched an investigation, adding that the allegations anger and disgust him.
Contra Costa County prosecutors are considering criminal charges.
Attempts by The Associated Press to reach Harrington and two other officers under investigation were unsuccessful.

Strong start to Samvat 2071 as Nifty moves past 8 000Strong start to Samvat 2071 as Nifty moves past 8,000
Our Bureau
Actor Kajal Aggarwal strikes the gong during Muhurat trading at the BSE on Thursday. PAUL NORONHA
Revival in corporate profits, RBI’s policy calls, crude prices hold key to performance
Mumbai, October 23:  
Positive global cues and decreasing crude oil prices saw stock markets welcome Samvat 2071 (New Year) with the Sensex and the Nifty closing in the green.
The NSE Nifty regained the psychological 8,000-mark in the hour-long Muhurat trading on Thursday, closing at 8,015, up 19 points (0.23 per cent). The BSE Sensex closed 61 points higher at 26,851 (or 0.23 per cent).
However, Wipro’s shares declined nearly 4 per cent as the technology major posted disappointing quarterly earnings and also gave a weak guidance for the October-December quarter. Other losers include BHEL, Tata Motors, Maruti Suzuki and Sesa Sterlite.
Except for CNX Media all the sectoral indices ended in the green, with the BSE mid-cap and small-cap indices gaining over 1 per cent.
During Muhurat trading, market participants close the year’s books of accounts and start the New Year with a fresh set of buys and pray to Goddess Lakshmi for wealth creation and prosperity.
It is a practice for brokers to recommend a set of stocks as Diwali picks for themselves and clients keeping in mind the objective of long-term wealth creation.
The BSE Sensex edged up more than 25 per cent in Samvat 2070, despite other emerging market equities remaining under pressure since early September.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head, Research, at Kolkata based Eastern Financiers, said: “Going into Samvat 2071, fears over the tapering in the US, the Euro-zone crisis and outflows from emerging markets have almost eased.”
The key to market performance is revival in corporate profitability, RBI’s policies and crude prices. Investors are waiting for implementation of key economic policies. Investment and capex cycles are likely to pick up once the policies start getting implemented.
Inflation
A report by HSBC on India’s economy said consumer price inflation could dip by as much as 1.8 percentage points if the 20 per cent decline in the crude price is sustained. However, the risk of food inflation remained, it cautioned.
Global markets were also trading in the green, with the Dow Jones and the S&P 500 indices up more than 1 per cent at 830 pm IST.
The NSE volatility index India VIX closed at 12.8625, down 1.29 per cent, signalling better days ahead.
The BSE and the NSE will remain closed on Friday on account of Diwali-Balipratipada.
(This article was published on October 23, 2014)
Related

Two laws on censorshipThe CBFC and its sister organisation, the Film Certification Appellate Tribunal (FCAT), act with an arrogance that has no sanction in law.
Written by Pankaj Butalia | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: October 25, 2014 1:01 am
Two individuals stand at opposite ends of the film-censorship spectrum in India: One a Bollywood filmmaker, Vishal Bhardwaj, who made Haider, and the other a young documentary filmmaker, Shubhradeep Chakravorty, who made En Dino Muzaffarnagar, a documentary on last year’s riots. Bhardwaj, who agreed to 41 cuts, was able to state in his film that the Indian army was responsible for the disappearance of Kashmiri men in 1995, blew up homes at will, tortured people in the most brutal way and let loose a counter-terrorism force that played havoc with Kashmiri society. He was also able to incorporate in his film another holy cow of a censorious society: incest.
This is a major step forward for free speech. Unfortunately, the benefits of the censor board’s “largesse” do not percolate down to “lesser” filmmakers like Chakravorty, who could not get permission to screen his film. The lame excuse was that he had shown a specific political party to be responsible for the riots and that a particular caste had also been mentioned. A depressed Chakravorty died due to a brain haemorrhage soon after. At about the same time that the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) was sanctioning Bhardwaj’s film, my documentary, The Textures of Loss, on depression in Kashmir, was rejected because it had the line: “ the paramilitary forces reacted with disproportionate violence”.
The CBFC and its sister organisation, the Film Certification Appellate Tribunal (FCAT), act with an arrogance that has no sanction in law. At the heart of this arrogance is the misconception that cinema lies outside the pale of freedom of speech, guaranteed by the Constitution.
It is widely believed, including by the filmmaking fraternity, that the act from which film censorship in India derives its powers overrides free speech. But the grounds on which a film may be refused sanction for public exhibition have been clearly specified. These grounds are precisely the “reasonable restrictions” on free speech listed in the Constitution. No more. Nowhere is there any mention of why film needs to be treated differently from other media. The only difference is that a film is vetted before it enters the public domain, as opposed to other media, where action is taken ex-post.
There is no dearth of Supreme Court judgments which have held that reasonable restrictions have to be put to test and enforced minimally.
In Ramesh vs Union of India, the SC observed that “that the effect of the words must be judged from the standards of reasonable, strong-minded, firm and courageous men, and not those of weak and vacillating minds, nor of those who scent danger in every hostile point of view”. Yet, small-time officials in the CBFC and FCAT feel emboldened to object to a film on absurdly subjective grounds and a desire to please their masters. The biggest victims of such arbitrariness continued…

Rural issues  local solutionsEven 67 years after Independence, the quest for replicable models of development has relegated us to a constant state of experimentation.
Written by Ronnie Screwvala | Posted: October 25, 2014 1:00 am
In his first Independence Day speech from the Red Fort, the prime minister laid out his vision for rural India. He drew a broad sketch of what all Indians must aspire to; now it needs finer details, so that the vision is rooted in possibility. An action plan for rural India needs a sense of urgency, priority and direction.
To understand the problem, we need to tear ourselves away from our desks in our urban headquarters and view rural issues through local lenses. This calls for an altering of approach. In the new government’s promise to build a toilet for every home in every village is the underlying assumption that villagers will instantly abandon the common recourse of defecating in the open and use the facilities built for them, and that one year down the line, these toilets will automatically be maintained and used by the local populace. Unfortunately, our experience at the Swades Foundation suggests that things won’t play out quite like that.
In the last 30 months that my wife Zarina and I have been operating in rural Maharashtra, we’ve equiped schools expecting children and their parents to line up for admission before the paint dried; we assumed that every child will aspire to complete Class X, move forward and frame career goals. We’ve held eyecare camps and after identifying a staggering 19 per cent in need of spectacles or simple cataract surgeries, we expected huge turnouts. Sadly, we couldn’t be further from the truth.
India’s development agenda suffers from being predominantly top-down. Even 67 years after Independence, the quest for replicable models of development has relegated us to a constant state of experimentation. The era of mass models needs to be left behind. Instead, we must tailor our interventions to geography, prevailing culture and lifestyle of the communities for whom interventions are planned. One of our prime minister’s new schemes, the Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana, concerns me for this reason. It seeks to create a model village in every constituency, but our experience suggests that villages should be built on the framework of local needs rather than on a formula. No model can be effective unless it is replicable over a minimum cluster of villages (around 500-1,000 in each). Approximately 65 per cent of our population lives in villages. To form a model for all to follow, we will need a needle-moving number of model villages in each constituency to be able to make a significant impact.
The problem stems from a general misconception that rural India is eagerly awaiting sophisticated solution providers from urban India to rescue it, which simply isn’t the case. To be able to truly help improve the lives of rural communities, we need to internalise four words: trust, empathy, aspiration and empowerment. There is a vast chasm of mistrust that needs to be crossed continued…

The trains on trackSri Lankan ethnic Tamils gather on platforms and welcome the train "Queen of Jaffna," as it arrives at Jaffna in Sri Lanka.
Written by Aaranya Rajasingam | Posted: October 24, 2014 9:54 am
There was much hype and celebration on October 13, as the Yal Devi (Queen of Jaffna) Express chugged into Jaffna railway station after 24 years. Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa boarded the train at Palai and declared its station open, as well as those of Kodikamam, Chavakachcheri and Navatkuli, which fall between Palai and Jaffna. This was a momentous event for the people of Jaffna, who had not been connected by rail to the south for a whole generation because of the war. But while the government hailed it as an example of reconstruction efforts in the north, the boycott of the opening by the Northern Provincial Council (NPC), the only ethnic minority and opposition-controlled provincial council in the country, was an indictment of the lack of reconciliation efforts.
The northern line, built in the early 20th century by the British, ceased to function in 1990 due to increasing LTTE attacks. More than two decades later, the trains that whiz past Kilinochchi, the former de facto economic and administrative capital of the LTTE, paint a deceptive picture of peace in the war-ravaged region. The government hopes that the train will connect the majority Tamil north with the Sinhala south, unthinkable during the war. But five years after the fighting ended, the north still remains entirely alien and separate from the south because of continued surveillance, militarisation, detention without trial, as well as the failure to address issues such as land grabs by the military, the ever-growing number of missing people and the large, unaccounted number of woman-headed households that are vulnerable to exploitation and abuse. The list goes on. In addition, the government action plan for the implementation of the Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission report remains fundamentally flawed due to its refusal to accept the need to redress the genuine political grievances of Tamils. Combined with the continued refusal to extend the 13th Amendment provisions to the NPC — it doesn’t enjoy the basic privileges that other provincial councils do — it becomes easy to see why people in the north are disillusioned.
Ircon, a subsidiary of the Indian Railways, has invested more than $800 million in the project. In Sri Lanka, the need for infrastructure, essential for development, is most apparent in the north and east. But the government seems to be missing the larger picture in the reconstruction efforts — this was clear when the overwhelmingly Tamil electorate (more than 80 per cent) in the NPC elections voted the Tamil National Alliance to power in 2013.
The voters’ voices were clear: you cannot rebuild on the surface but let gross injustices continue in the north. Despite largescale reconstruction projects, poverty and unemployment remain rampant in the north. A case in point is Mullaitivu district, where the poverty headcount is at a national high of 28.8 per cent, continued…

Aditya Birla Group  South Africa firm in deal for health insuranceAditya Birla Group  South Africa firm in deal for health insurance
PM lauds Tharoor s joining Clean India campaignPM lauds Tharoor s joining Clean India campaign
6 ways to research employers before your interview6 Ways to Research Employers Before Interviewing
By Hannah Morgan | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Wed 8 Oct, 2014 6:15 PM IST
Print
>
Just showing up to an interview is hardly going to be enough to secure a job. Employers expect job seekers to know about the company and why they want to work there. You've already done some preliminary research when you applied for the job , but now it is time to take a deeper dive into the company's website and social network profiles of employees. The sooner you get started, the better.
General research. Using a variety of resources, including the company's website, you can acquire the necessary information about most employers. You'll need to know about the products and services offered, how long the company has been in business, basic financial information, where the company has locations and what divisions, departments and subsidiaries the company has.
Combing the employer's website is certainly a smart move. However, this information is just the tip of the iceberg. The real research happens when you acquire information from people who work inside the company. If your network is small or you are having difficulty finding people to speak with, using the following online research tips should help you learn more about the company's culture and values.
Company website. Take a look at each page on the site. Look for news that may help you understand new projects, announcements about promotions and awards and recognition. Also look for the company blog, which may have more insights. If the company does have an active blog, subscribe to get updates. Look for the employment page (sometimes labeled as "careers" or "jobs"), and you may be lucky enough to find interviews with employees. And finally, look for the social network icons. If the company is active on social networks, follow the accounts and take note of the updates shared. You may come across news or information not shared on the company's site.
LinkedIn. You should have looked for employees you know on LinkedIn when you were applying, but in case you didn't, now is the time. Go to the company page on LinkedIn, and look for employees you may know. It is quite possible you know people who work at the company you haven't connected with on LinkedIn. Next, try an advanced search for job titles similar to the one you are interviewing for. Take note of where those employees worked previously, what interests they have, groups they support or belong to and colleges they attended. You are looking for information that may help you understand the culture and values within the company. You are also looking for the skills and technology mentioned in employees' profiles.
Unless you know someone inside the company, don't connect on LinkedIn ... yet. You want to find out if these employees have active accounts on other social networks , especially Twitter and Google Plus. Unlike LinkedIn, you do not need to be connected to people to see what updates are they sharing. Assess topics and issues being shared to learn what seems important to the employees, both professionally and personally.
Twitter. Don't worry if you don't have a Twitter account. Twitter is a public network, which means you can view profiles and updates without an account. If you were lucky enough to find the Twitter account of an employee, enter the account name in the search bar on Twitter, and check him or her out. You may need to work a bit harder to find this information. You can try a Google search of "Twitter.com: [first name last name]," or use Twitter's advanced search with the employee's name in the "this exact phrase" box.
Read the account bio, and look for trending topics and information in the status updates. This should help you get a sense of what is important to the employee. You may choose to use some of this information to break the ice at the beginning of the interview. And be sure to follow the accounts if you're on Twitter to keep an eye out for news and updates.
Google Plus. You may not find information on this lesser used network, but it is worth investigating. You will need to have a Google Plus account to search profiles. If you don't, you'll have to use a search method known as "X-ray search." From your Google search window, search "site: plus.google.com [first name last name] works [company name]." Once you have found the correct profile on Google Plus, you can see updates. Be sure to click on the "about" tab and see the employee's bio, known on Google Plus as "story." Also take note of listed links, which will enable you to view the employee's accounts on those networks. You can add employee accounts to your own circles as well.
Glassdoor. Glassdoor is a free site that collects anonymous company reviews by employees, including information on salary, benefits and interview reviews and questions. This is just one more way to research hard-to-find information about a company.
Slideshow: 4 easy steps for interview prep
Hannah Morgan writes and speaks on career topics and job search trends on her blog Career Sherpa . She co-authored "Social Networking for Business Success," and has developed and delivered programs to help job seekers understand how to look for work better.
More From US News & World Report

PM Modi inaugurates Sir HN Reliance Foundation HospitalPM Modi inaugurates Sir HN Reliance Foundation Hospital
Welcome goodbye to formalitiesWelcome goodbye to formalities
A long-expected battleA long-expected battle
UP lowest among traditional BIMARU states in 9-yr growthE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RSS article shocks  says Nathuram Godse should have killed NehruRSS article shocks, says Nathuram Godse should have targeted Jawaharlal Nehru, not Mahatma Gandhi
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 26 2014, 10:52  IST
Oct 26 2014, 10:52  IST
 

The spar over split continuesUpdated: October 26, 2014 02:42 IST
The spar over split continues
C. Gouridasan Nair
Tweet
The Hindu
CPI(M) State secretary Pinarayi Vijayan and CPI State secretary Pannian Ravindran at a function in Thiruvananthapuram on Saturday. Photo: S. Gopakumar
CPI, CPI(M) organs further the debate over 1964
The CPI(M) and the CPI appear far from done with the debate over the 1964 split in the Communist Party.
While the CPI sought to reply to the attack on it by the CPI(M) organ Deshabhimani on Thursday with an article in the editorial page of its organ Janayugom on Friday, the CPI(M) kept the debate going with an article by party Polit Bureau member Sitaram Yechuri dealing, among other issues, with the circumstances of the split.
In his article, Mr. Yechuri said that though those who indulge in thoughtless splits would get isolated from the people, conflicts and splits were inevitable if the leadership sought to take the party on the path of class compromise. “In India, total extermination of the Communist Party, as had happened in many countries, had not happened only because of the struggle against revisionism. Thus, the split in the CPI over revisionism and policies of class compromise had helped preserve the revolutionary content of the Communist movement and taken it forward,” he said.
However, writing in Janayugom, CPI leader Binoy Viswam said the inner party debates in the Communist Party fully complied with the Leninist organisational principle of the minority accepting the views of the majority until the Chinese Communist Party came on the scene. Once the Chinese party came in with its ‘divisive philosophy’, everything went topsy-turvy, he said.
Reacting to the CPI(M) accusation that the CPI had committed right deviation by joining hands with the Congress, Mr. Viswam reminded the CPI(M) leadership that their party had supported Indira Gandhi in Parliament when she was faced with threat from the ‘Syndicate’ Congress in 1969.
Referring to the Deshabhimani contention that the CPI(M) had fared better in the Assembly election held immediately after the 1964 split, he said, it should be remembered that the CPI(M) had fought the polls in alliance with the Indian Union Muslim League. “If vote alone is the basis for deciding right and wrong, we will have to accept the arguments of the BJP and the Trinamool Congress in West Bengal to be true,” he told his CPI(M) counterparts.

Anti-Occupy mob roughs up three Hong KongjournalistsThree journalists were roughed up in Hong Kong after being confronted by pro-government protesters.
By: Reuters | Hong Kong | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:52 am
Three journalists were roughed up on Saturday evening in Hong Kong after being confronted by pro-government protesters holding a rally to oppose a four-week long “Occupy” movement of the financial hub’s streets by pro-democracy demonstrators.
Hong Kong has been roiled by a tenacious, student-led people’s movement demanding full democracy in the former British colony that returned to Chinese rule in 1997.
But the protracted “Occupy Central” civil disobedience movement has also sparked clashes with police and has come under attack from sometimes hostile groups and sections of society who have condemned the disruptions to traffic and business, including blue-collar workers such as taxi and truck drivers.
In the latest sign of simmering tensions, more than 1,000 “anti-Occupy” supporters gathered to denounce the pro-democracy protesters close to the harbourfront Star Ferry pier.
Many chanted slogans like “Give me back Hong Kong!” and “Clear the streets immediately!” during the evening rally.
While there were not direct clashes between the two camps on this occasion, small groups of protesters, many wearing blue ribbons as a symbol against the yellow ribbon-wearing student activists, directed their ire at journalists on the scene.
During heated exchanges, a cameraman and reporter for the city’s largest free-to-air television station, TVB, were surrounded and harassed by hostile crowds, some of whom pushed them around, tore off the reporter’s tie and snatched off a pair of glasses from the cameraman amid shouting and cursing. The pair eventually had to be escorted from the melee by police officers.
A female reporter for Hong Kong’s public broadcaster, RTHK, Wong Wing-yin, was also kicked on the leg and body by blue ribbon supporters after being pushed to the ground. She was taken to hospital. RTHK and its programme staff union condemned the attack, while a spokesman said the station would take legal action.
Over the past month, leaders of the blue ribbon campaign have openly threatened the largely peaceful pro-democracy protesters with violence, leading in some cases to the forceful clearance of road barricades by angry mobs and street fights in the gritty district of Mong Kok, which has become the scene of some of the ugliest violence between the two sides.
Police say some of anti-Occupy attacks had been co-ordinated and involved triads or local organised criminal gangs.
The pro-democracy occupation movement, which has lasted beyond many people’s expectations despite intense government, police and public pressure, was sparked by Beijing’s decision in late August to rule out free elections for Hong Kong’s next leader in 2017, insisting instead that candidates be screened by a committee stacked with Beijing loyalists.
The turmoil presents the Chinese leadership with one of its biggest political challenges since it crushed pro-democracy protests in and around Tiananmen Square in 1989.
Hong Kong’s leader, Leung Chun-ying, reiterated over the weekend that he would not resign after local business leader and politician James Tien continued…

AbRam Debuts in  Happy New Year ; Steals Dad Shah Rukh s ThunderAbRam Debuts in  Happy New Year ; Steals Dad Shah Rukh s Thunder
Lets go...in the all new Alto K10Let’s go...in the all new Alto K10 
S Ronendra Singh
Tweet
The new Alto K10's big attraction is not just the AMT gearbox. It's got a new character too
On a rainy morning in Chandigarh, we had the first chance to drive the soon-to-be-launched Maruti Suzuki Alto K10. It’s been 14 years since Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL) introduced its entry-level variant in the Indian market, a model so successful that it became the spiritual successor to the legendary Maruti 800. It is the highest selling passenger car in India – volume wise – clocking over 26 lakh units until now. The launch of the model’s K10 variant in 2010 helped the company strengthen the Alto portfolio, offering more choice to customers with its bigger, more powerful engine.
The new Alto K10 follows the same, tried and tested path, and comes with a whole new look – not only on the outside, but also on the inside – and most importantly, introduces an automatic version in one of the trims. Engineers of the company have taken 33 months to design and come up with the refreshed K10, the second new generation small car from MSIL to feature an automatic gearbox as standard in one of its trim. The Celerio came earlier this year with (automated manual transmission – AMT), what Maruti calls the auto gear shift as standard (in VXi).
Apart from making driving easier, the new K10 auto gear shift also promises low fuel consumption matching its manually-operated cousin (24.07kmpl as per test conditions). The K-Next all-aluminium light-weight engine has been made peppier to give better response, resulting in better mileage. It will be also available in a CNG variant with intelligent gas port injection and would deliver a mileage of 32.26 kilometres per kg. The company is also introducing one more trim Lx at the base level, which will be offered without power steering.
Related: Alto automatic set to change market mindset
Appearance
Maruti’s designers have integrated wide horizontal lines to the grille design and front bumper to boost the wide imagery to the new Alto K10. Though it looks similar to the current Alto 800, the new car wears a sportier look potentially making it more appealing to the youth. The signature ‘S’ logo on the chrome grille and swept-back headlamps cutting into the sides follow the essence of the Alto K10’s DNA. The bonnet is 3D curved and the aerodynamic lines on the sides make it look sportier with body coloured door-view mirrors. The 2014 Alto K10 also has a different look at the rear, the tail-lamp configuration and the newly-designed tailgate tries to give it a wider look, as does the thin chrome-strip placed on it. The jewel-finished tail lamp cluster also gives a fresh look to the new car.
Interiors
The 2014 K10 takes its design philosophy inside the car and has a roomier cabin too. Dual-tone texture, a new instrument panel and the three-spoke steering wheel also adds to its sporty appeal. The new piano black-finish stereo, keyless entry system, front power windows, headlamp warning buzzer and gear shift indicator on the instrument cluster are features commonly seen in higher-end cars. The AC vents now take on a round shape, replacing the rectangular ones which could never be shut earlier. The relocation of the power window switches to the floor console near the gear shift, however, may cause discomfort to drivers who are accustomed to finding them placed on the doors. Also, there are nifty utilities such as a dual cup holder in the centre console, a bottle holder in between the front seats for the rear passengers and an IP hook just beside the glovebox to secure small bags, without compromising the legroom. The enhanced legroom at the rear has been achieved by scooping out the rear of the backrests of the front two seats. Now, passengers sitting at the rear bench get some more kneeroom. The Alto K10 is now taller (15mm) at 1475mm, wider (15mm) at 1490mm, but its length is 75mm lesser than the outgoing model made possible thanks to the intelligent packaging of the engine bay that has resulted in more space being carved out for the cabin.
Drive Performance
A bit of a disappointment while driving the manual transmission version of the new K10 was the level of linear acceleration that it offers. What is playing spoilt sport must likely be the engine mapping which has possibly been tuned for city driving cycles. Once the engine revs get into the mid-range, there is more power that gets delivered and quicker. The redline has also been brought down to 6,000 rpm from the earlier 6,200, but the engine’s vital statistics continues to be the same 68PS of peak power and maximum torque of 90Nm at 3,500rpm.
Driving the automatic variant, we felt that the essential character of the AMT is very similar the Celerio, gear changes are smooth. The gear shifter is well-positioned and facilitates comfortable driving, not only on city roads but even on highways. You can change it to the manual option for a more involved experience. The lighter steering also makes driving easier and aids better manoeuvrability on the roads. The brake pedals are also designed to bring down the physical effort involved, and it really works. The new Alto K10 will also be offered with driver side airbag as an option and front fog lamps.
Bottomline
Apart from its similarity to the Alto 800 in terms of appearance, the automatic gearbox on the new Alto K10 is an enticing option, sure to be a hit especially among women looking for an automatic car on a budget, and people in general looking for ease of use on our congested city roads. The name ‘Alto’ itself gives Maruti a head-start on reliability.
Specs

Data migration from China has nothing to do with IAF alert: Xiaomi India head Manu JainData migration from China has nothing to do with IAF alert: Xiaomi India head Manu Jain
Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 26 2014, 02:21  IST
Oct 26 2014, 02:21  IST
 

Minister Nitin Gadkari turns law breaker on ride to RSS HQE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Akhilesh Yadav sacks 82 chairmen  advisors of state minister rankE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

PM Narendra Modi wants  Make in India    Digital India  as healthcare improving toolsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sentiment  in BJP against forming coalition govt with Shiv SenaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Kudumbasree Radio goes on airUpdated: October 26, 2014 02:43 IST
Kudumbasree Radio goes on air
Mohamed Nazeer
Tweet
The Hindu
Minister for Social Justice M.K. Muneer inaugurating the Kudumbasree Radio broadcast by handing over a radio to a Kudumbasree Neighbourhood Group in Kannur on Saturday. Photo: S.K. Mohan
Kudumbasree Radio, a radio broadcast programme launched in association with the All India Radio, Kannur station, for beneficiaries of the Kudumbasree Mission in the district, was inaugurated by Social Welfare Minister M.K. Muneer here on Saturday.
In his inaugural speech, Dr. Muneer said the joint initiative of Kudumbasree Mission in the district and AIR Kannur was a beginning that could be extended to other districts. The radio programme, to be broadcast from 3.30 p.m. to 4 p.m. every Sunday to coincide with the timing of the meeting of the Kudumbasree Neighbourhood Groups (NHGs), would be an efficient medium for disseminating information on various government schemes and other Kudumbasree-related matters to a wider public through the NHGs. He said though the government had launched social security schemes such as ‘Thalolam’ that offers free medical treatment to children below 18 years who are suffering from serious ailments, not many people eligible for assistance under such scheme were aware of these.
The Minister said 3.25 lakh Kudumbasree members in the district would benefit from the radio programme.
Revival of radio
Dr. Muneer said the tie-up between the Kudumbasree Mission and Akashavani marked the revival of radio as a powerful medium. He said radio programmes always evoked a sense of nostalgia. The radio’s popularity disproved the prediction that the emergence of visual media would lead to the exit of radio and print media. Printed books were still being read despite the introduction of eBooks, he added. He said that the works for the launch of the proposed Kudumbasree TV channel were progressing.
K.M. Shaji, MLA, presided over the function held at the Krishna Menon Memorial Government Women’s College here. District panchayat president K.A. Sarala announced the name of the programme. Kudumbasree Executive Director B. Valsalakumari; Kannur block panchayat president Shyja M.; AIR Kannur programme head K. Balachandran; and Kudumbasree district co-ordinator M.V. Premarajan; were among those present.

Congress morale low  Sonia and Rahul must speak more  says ChidambaramPrint
Former Union minister P Chidambaram (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 24, 2014 8:18 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 1:04 am
Former Finance Minister P Chidambaram on Friday said the Congress morale was “pretty low” at the moment and that both party president Sonia Gandhi and vice-president Rahul Gandhi needed to “speak more”. They should show the “urgency” to reorganise the party and lead the Congress to play the role of the “true opposition”, Chidambaram told NDTV news channel. He also agreed a non-Gandhi could lead the party “some day”.
On the land deal between Sonia’s son-in-law Robert Vadra and real estate firm DLF in Haryana, he said, “I don’t know the facts. Whether they (the Haryana government) were helping him or whether they were taking a routine decision, I don’t know the facts. So how can I comment on that.”
“Without knowing the facts, I don’t think it is fair to comment on any particular transaction. Unless I have the papers in front of me, unless I have the facts in front of me, I can’t comment on any transaction,” he said. Asked if he was distancing himself from the issue, he said, “If I am obliged to comment, if I am authorised to comment, I will, provided I have before me the fact and the papers.”
Asked whether the Vadra issue created a perception problem for the Congress, he said, “May be it did. I don’t know.” Asked whether the party handled it effectively, he said, “I don’t know. May be it did, but these are questions which must be answered by people who were there in the field in Haryana, people who were contesting elections. I don’t know.”
Chidambaram said he was concerned about the lack of visibility of Sonia and Rahul Gandhi. “I would urge the Congress president and the Congress vice-president to speak more. I would urge them to come and address more rallies, I would urge them to meet the media. I would urge them to do that,” he said.
He said Sonia continues to be “the most acceptable leader of his generation” and Rahul has wide acceptance among the younger members of the party. Asked whether a non-Gandhi could become the Congress president, he said, “I think so. Some day, yes.”
He agreed that the Congress morale was pretty low but said it can be lifted. “I agree that the Congress morale is pretty low. But I don’t agree that the morale cannot be lifted, that a direction cannot be given… It’s a matter of time, more accurately a matter of timing. I am sure that the Congress leadership has its own timetable. I would urge again that the timetable be shortened and get on with the job of reorganising the party and getting on with the job of being true opposition.” Asked whether he felt the Congress leadership need to respond with a little more urgency, he said, “I think so.”
“I have, not only I, others have urged that the reorganisation that was promised in continued…

Was more keen on rehabilitating flood victims: Omar Abdullah on pollsPrint
Omar said the verdict of the people was the only thing that mattered and the rest was "noise". (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: October 25, 2014 7:39 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 7:47 pm
As Election Commission announced the poll schedule for Jammu and Kashmir on Saturday, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said ruling National Conference was more keen on rehabilitating the flood-affected people before “anyone else’s political rehabilitation”.
It is now for the people to decide whether my efforts were good enough & their verdict is the only thing that matters, the rest is noise 3/n
— Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) October 25, 2014
“The announcement of elections in J&K effectively brings the curtain down on my first term as CM now that the MCC applies in the state. It has been an honour & a privilege to work for the people of my state. Through this term, I have done my best to serve the people of J&K,” Omar wrote on micro-blogging site Twitter.
“While NC was keen to rehabilitate the flood-affected people before anyone else’s political rehabilitation, the EC felt differently,” he said in another tweet.
“Now with election dates announced, there is no question of not contesting the forthcoming polls. We will put our best foot forward,” he said.
The Election Commission announced a five-phase election to the state assembly beginning, November 25.
Omar said the verdict of the people was the only thing that mattered and the rest was “noise”.
“It is now for the people to decide whether my efforts were good enough & their verdict is the only thing that matters, the rest is noise,” he said.
He said his party would work to “expose parties like PDP who have made it their stated mission to capitalise on the post flood misery of the people.”

India tour abandonment: WI players on the same pageMore
Bravo 'shocked' by Samuels' comment he didn't want to quit India series
Bravo countered Samuels, saying the Jamaican was an "interested party" and spoke "vigorously" during the meetings he attended.
By Nagraj Gollapudi | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 25 Oct, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Adding a new twist to West Indies' pullout from their India tour, Dwayne Bravo , their ODI captain, has said he is "shocked" at statements by team-mate Marlon Samuels , who indicated earlier this week that he had not wanted to quit during the series.
In an interview to a Caribbean radio station, Samuels said that since he is not accredited with the West Indies Players Association, he wanted to focus on finishing the India tour before raising any objections concerning the collective bargaining agreement and memorandum of understanding signed between the WIPA and the WICB.
Samuels told Power 104 FM that his priority was West Indies cricket. "Wavell Hinds (the WIPA president) cannot negotiate on behalf of me so I know that once I continued (to play), I just needed to finish this tour and then I would have asked questions," Samuels said. "The main thing first was West Indies cricket; that is why I remained focused throughout everything."
The West Indies players pulled out of the India tour after the 4th ODI in Dharamsala. (BCCI Photo)
Samuels was the highest run-getter in the abandoned series with 254 runs, including two centuries in the three possible ODIs. According to Samuels, he was present only during two of the eight player meetings Bravo headed on the tour. "For most of those meetings, I was probably in my room ordering room service. I don't go to those meetings," Samuels said. "A lot of meetings were kept but I have no time for those meetings. My focus was just on playing some cricket."
However, Bravo countered Samuels, saying the Jamaican was an "interested party" and spoke "vigorously" during the meetings he attended. "I note the comments attributed to Mr. Marlon Samuels from media reports and wish to state that Mr. Samuels was invited to and did attend the majority of meetings with the players on tour," Bravo said in a media statement issued on Friday. "We extended an invitation to Mr. Marlon Samuels with the full knowledge that he is not a member of WIPA but was an interested party. Mr. Samuels contributed vigorously to the discussions held and indicated clearly, at that time, that he would stand with any decision taken by the team. I am therefore shocked to see the statements, if true, that have been attributed to Mr. Samuels."
According to Bravo, the decision to quit the tour was taken "in concert with all members of the squad" and not solely by him. "I wish to state for the record that all correspondence sent and decisions taken were with the full agreement and consent of the players on tour including the current Test captain Mr. Denesh Ramdin and the T20 captain Mr. Darren Sammy . It was agreed that someone needed to correspond with WIPA after we were presented with the match/tour contract in India when it became evident that the terms and conditions were very different from what we were accustomed to and expected. The team members met and I, as captain, was nominated and accepted the responsibility to correspond on behalf of the players on tour and I will continue to do so as designated."
Bravo said that the players, barring Samuels, have decided to pursue the issue through legal help going forward. "We do not wish to make any further statements on this matter since the players on tour (except Mr. Samuels) with some additional players who did not tour India have appointed counsel to represent them in this matter."
The deadlock between the players, the WIPA and the WICB has resulted in fears being privately expressed by other Full Members, who are not afraid to work out alternatives to West Indies if Bravo and co. fail to resolve the issue. However, Bravo expressed optimism when he said: "We look forward to a speedy resolution and that our concerns, and that of all players including the first-class players, are addressed in a satisfactory and timely manner."
According to Bravo, though the WIPA had laid out a new payment structure for the international players during its annual general meeting on February 1, it has not shared the new agreement, which was signed with the WICB in September, with the players. Having failed to get a convincing response from Hinds, Bravo and his team-mates approached the WICB to communicate with them directly. However, Dave Cameron, the WICB president, said he would only communicate with the players through the WIPA under the rules of the MoU. Infuriated at the WICB stance, Bravo and the rest of the West Indies squad quit the India tour after the fourth ODI, drawing the ire of the BCCI and the cricketing fraternity at large.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Three more women tortured in Assam for allegedly practicing witchcraftPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 25, 2014 8:55 pm | Updated: October 25, 2014 9:13 pm
Ten days after a woman athlete was dubbed as a witch and subjected to physical torture in Karbi Anglong district, central Assam,  three more women have been targeted under similar charges in Tinsukia district in upper Assam.
The three women, Mala Bhumij, Ratani Kond and Gangi Orang, were beaten up and physically tortured by several men and women until police reached the spot and rescued them. The incident happened in Koomsong, a 720-hectare tea estate owned by McLeod Russel, whose website says it is the largest tea producer in the world.
While the incident took place yesterday, the police have not been able to arrest the main culprit, a local “bez” (faith-healer) called Santosh, with SP Akhilesh Kumar Singh saying he was absconding.
“A local bez on failing to cure a sick 14-year old boy put the blame on witchcraft and pointed at three women living close by following which the neighbours turned violent and severely beat up the three women. Luckily we intervened on time and saved the women from being lynched,” SP Singh told The Indian Express on Saturday.
A case was registered against the “bez”, but police have not been able to trace him despite raids in several houses. The 14-year boy, whom the police had shifted to the Assam Medical Hospital in Dibrugarh, died on Saturday. He was suffering from acute liver cirrhosis.
“The three women, who were initially moved to the local police station, have been shifted to an undisclosed location after an angry crowd blocked the highway demanding that the three women be handed over to them,” SP Singh said. The police had to resort to lathicharge to disperse the mob and clear the highway.
Tinsukia deputy commissioner Puru Gupta said this incident of targeting innocent persons in the name of witchcraft happened despite a series of campaigns carried out under “Mission Birubala” by well-known social reformer Birubala Rabha, who was a survivor of such an attack several years ago.
It was only on October 15 that Debajani Bora, a well-known veteran athlete and winner of several national and international level medals, was tortured by a group of men and women inside a naam-ghar (community prayer hall) at Dokmoka in Karbi Anglong after a local priest “identified” her as a witch who had allegedly spread diseases and misfortune among the local people.
While a group of men tied Bora with a fishing net, video clippings taken by some persons on the mobile phone showed the priest, one Biswa Medhi, sitting on the woman and beating her up. At least ten persons including eight women, have been already arrested in connection with the incident.

CM Akhilesh Yadav sacks 72 chairmen  advisors of MoS rankThe move comes in the wake of an incident of alleged misbehaviour by father of chairman of the Centre for Remote Sensing with policemen. (Source: IE archive)
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: October 25, 2014 9:43 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 4:14 am
Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday evening removed nearly 82 Samajwadi Party leaders who were enjoying the minister of state (MoS) status since 2012. The sacked leaders were appointed as advisors in various departments and chairmen of various corporations and commissions.
Earlier, Akhilesh had sacked 32 SP leaders holding MoS status after the party’s rout in the Lok Sabha elections.  Six of them were, however, reinstated later.
All these leaders were given the MoS status following lobbying and recommendations from various quarters, including senior political leaders and religious leaders. They also got salaries of an MoS, accommodation in Lucknow and other perks.
“I can tell you the reason for their removal after consulting the leadership, it is surprising why such a decision has been taken,” SP spokesperson Rajendra Choudhary said.
The state government has released a list of 16 persons who have not been removed from their posts. They include those from constitutional bodies as commissions — minority, backward, women, selection and recruitment, planning and SC/ST.
Akhilesh’s close aide Javed Abedi has been retained as Chairman of UP Pollution Control Board. Literary bodies such as Bhasha Sansthan headed by Gopal Das Neeraj and  Hindi Sansthan by Uday Pratap Singh have not been touched.
Socialist ideologue Janeshwar Mishra’s brother Tarkeshwar Mishra, too, retains his post as chairman of UP State Agro Industrial Corporation Ltd.
Former journalist Farzand Ahmed, too, saved his post of advisor to Vocational Education while Azam Khan’s close aide Nawaz Deobandi continues as Chairman of Urdu Academy.
The party’s Lok Sabha candidates had lodged strong protests before SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav and Akhilesh over the role of these leaders with MoS status.
Further, the SP office had reportedly received complaints about misuse of power by these leaders enjoying MoS status. Some cabinet ministers, too, had lodged their protest over “undue interference” of advisors in their departments.
Recently, during a meeting at SP office, Mulayam had expressed his concern over “non-performance” of these leaders.
Sources in SP, however, claimed that the party leadership will not be able to sustain its decision for long and that many of them would be reinstated soon.
 

Unusual praise for ModiUnusual praise for Modi
Pakistan violates ceasefire truce in Kashmir againPakistan violates ceasefire truce in Kashmir again
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Thu 23 Oct, 2014
Print
Jammu: Pakistan Rangers fired at Indian positions on the international border in Jammu and Kashmir Thursday, sparking intermittent exchange of gunfire.
A senior police officer told IANS here that Pakistan Rangers fired at the Narain border post of the Border Security Force at Ramgar in Samba district.
"The Pakistani firing started at 10.30 a.m. and is still continuing intermittently," the officer said. The BSF retaliated. "No casualty or damage has been reported from our side."
The latest ceasefire violation came as Prime Minister Narendra Modi flew to Jammu and Kashmir to express solidarity with the flood affected people and to meet Indian soldiers at the Siachen Glacier.
Over 30,000 residents of border villages in Jammu and Kashmir are still living in relief camps after they fled their homes following Pakistani shelling that started Oct 6.
Recommend

Notebook From Doomed Expedition Found Encased In Icereddit
A notebook from the last expedition of legendary British explorer Robert F. Scott was found encased in ice in an Antarctic hut, according to the Antarctic Heritage Trust .
The notebook belonged to George Murray Levick, a surgeon, zoologist and photographer who was part of the ill-fated Terra Nova expedition of 1910-1913.
Scott, also known as "Scott of the Antarctic," died on March 29 or 30, 1912, after reaching the South Pole and becoming trapped by bad weather. Four other members of the expedition also died during the doomed journey.
Levick was part of the mission's Northern Party, and his notebook contains entries on photographs he took in 1911 at Cape Adare. The Trust says it contains dates, subjects and exposure details, and was written before the party faced harsh conditions of their own and had to spend the Antarctic winter living in an ice cave.
“It’s an exciting find. The notebook is a missing part of the official expedition record ," Nigel Watson, Antarctic Heritage Trust’s executive director, said in a news release. "After spending seven years conserving Scott’s last expedition building and collection, we are delighted to still be finding new artifacts."
A video, above, shows the steps researchers have taken to preserve the 100-year-old journal, which was discovered in the thawing ice last year. The binding had been dissolved by the ice so preservationists in New Zealand digitized the pages and sewed them back together.
The restored book was then returned to Scott’s last expedition base at Cape Evans, Antarctica.
More images of the book can be seen here .
Levick, who died in 1956, made headlines recently when an unpublished scientific paper of his was found by the Natural History Museum in London. Titled " Sex Habits of the Adelie Penguin ," the paper detailed what Levick called the "astonishing depravity" of the seabirds, including homosexuality and sex with corpses.
Some of it was written in Greek, apparently to spare English readers.

WHO: Toddler With Ebola In Mali May Have Infected Many PeopleToddler With Ebola In Mali May Have Infected Many People: WHO
Posted:
Updated:
10/24/2014  4:59 pm EDT
Transmission Electron Micrograph Of The Ebola Virus Rna Virus, The Cause Of Hemorrhagic Fever. (Photo By BSIP/UIG Via Getty Images) | BSIP via Getty Images
reddit
BAMAKO, Mali (AP) — Many people in Mali are at high risk of catching Ebola because the toddler who brought the disease to the country was bleeding from her nose as she traveled on a bus from Guinea, the World Health Organization warned Friday.
The U.N. agency is treating the situation as an emergency since many people may have had "high-risk exposures" to the 2-year-old girl during her journey through several towns in Mali, including two hours in the capital, Bamako. The girl was traveling with her grandmother.
The toddler died in an isolation tent at a hospital in the western city of Kayes on Friday, according to a nurse at the facility, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the press.
This is the first Ebola case in Mali and may expand to many more. The case highlights how quickly the virus can hop borders and even oceans, just as questions are being asked about what precautions health care workers who treat Ebola patients should take when they return home from the hot zone. Doctors Without Borders insisted Friday, after one of its doctors who worked in Guinea came down with Ebola in New York, that quarantines of returning health workers are not necessary when they do not show symptoms of the disease.
In the Mali case, however, the girl was visibly sick, WHO said, and an initial investigation has identified 43 people, including 10 health workers, she came into close contact with who are being monitored for symptoms and held in isolation. The child was confirmed to have Ebola on Thursday.
"The child's symptomatic state during the bus journey is especially concerning, as it presented multiple opportunities for exposures — including high-risk exposures — involving many people," the agency said in a statement.
The girl first went to a clinic in Mali on Monday and she was initially treated for typhoid, which she tested positive for. When she did not improve, she was tested for Ebola, and she is now being treated in isolation in the western city of Kayes.
Mali has long been considered highly vulnerable to Ebola's spread since it shares a border with the Ebola-hit countries of Guinea and Senegal, and staff from WHO and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention were already there helping to prepare for a case. More WHO staff are being deployed.
The Ebola outbreak began in Guinea and has since spread to five other West African countries. The virus has also been imported to Spain and the United States. On Thursday, Craig Spencer, who had been working with Doctors Without Borders in Guinea and returned home to the U.S. about a week before, reported a fever and is now being treated at a New York hospital.
Some countries have banned travelers from the three main Ebola countries — Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone — and the U.S. started health screening of travelers arriving from there. But Doctors Without Borders said having its staffers quarantine themselves after leaving a country with Ebola is going too far if no symptoms are evident. A person infected with Ebola is not contagious until he or she starts showing symptoms.
"As long as a returned staff member does not experience any symptoms, normal life can proceed," Doctors Without Borders said in a statement sent to The Associated Press on Friday. "Self-quarantine is neither warranted nor recommended when a person is not displaying Ebola-like symptoms."
"Extremely strict procedures are in place for staff dispatched to Ebola affected countries before, during, and after their assignments," said Sophie Delaunay, the group's executive director, said in a statement. "Despite the strict protocols, risk cannot be completely eliminated. However, close post-assignment monitoring allows for early detection of cases and for swift isolation and medical management."
The group is investigating how Spencer became infected, it said.
Several spokespeople for the group refused to say where Spencer had been working in Guinea. Doctors Without Borders runs two treatment centers in Guinea: one in Gueckedou, in the southeast where the outbreak began, and the other in Conakry. It also runs a center near Gueckedou where patients are screened for Ebola and then sent for treatment if they have the disease.
Doctors Without Borders tells health workers who are returning home after a tour of duty that they must stay within four hours of a hospital with isolation facilities. It asks them to take their temperature twice a day and to be vigilant for symptoms, which include a fever.
The group said Spencer followed these procedures and immediately notified the New York office when he came down with a fever.
The group discourages staff returning from West Africa from going back to work before the incubation period is up, so they can recover from the grueling work in the field and also so they don't pick up an infection while at work whose symptoms may look like Ebola, causing unnecessary anxiety.
___
DiLorenzo reported from Dakar, Senegal. Associated Press writers Boubacar Diallo in Conakry, Guinea, Clarence Roy-Macaulay in Freetown, Sierra Leone, Jonathan Paye-Layleh in Monrovia, Liberia, and John Heilprin in Geneva contributed to this report.
Also on HuffPost:

Risk pays off as Advani becomes World billiards champAdvani emerges World billiards champion
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Fri 24 Oct, 2014
Print
Leeds, Oct 24 (IANS) Pankaj Advani, the 29-year old from Bangalore, set a record of sorts when he defeated Peter Gilchrist 6-2 in the final of the World billiards championship (points format), here Saturday.
It was Advani's 10th individual World title and his third of the year in different formats of the game, having won the World 6-Red Snooker and the World Team Billiards titles earlier.
"I'm in 11th heaven! I returned to India to focus on this very event and it has paid off. Gilchrist was the most dangerous competitor of the tournament and in a dream final. I am happy with the way I performed.
"The job is only half done. I have to now focus on the longer format and try for a double. I have a match at noon Sunday, so celebrations will have to wait, but no complaints," said Advani after the final.
Advani, who skipped two seasons of billiards for a stint on the professional snooker tour, trailed 1-2, but won five frames on the trot to regain the title he had last won in 2012.
In winning his 10th individual World title, Advani vindicated his decision earlier this year to give up his professional status in snooker to pursue his billiards career.
Advani thus avenged his 2-3 defeat in the league phase to Gilchrist, the 46-year old England-born Singapore resident who has three World titles to his credit.
Gilchrist was quick off the blocks as breaks of 144 in the first frame and 74 in the third gave him a 2-1 lead, but Advani surged back to take the next two frames and heading into the break leading 3-2.
On resumption, it was Advani all the way with Gilchrist struggling to have a say in the proceedings. The decisive moment came when Gilchrist, needing 44 to win the eighth frame, lost position after crafting a run of 39 to lead 145-77. Advani seized the chance to make an unfinished 77 to wrap up the match.
The results:
Final (best-of-11): Pankaj Advani (India) bt Peter Gilchrist (Singapore) 6-2: 23-151 (145unf), 151 (127)-16, 116-150, 151(108unf)-104, 150(150unf)-0, 151(118)-58, 150-4, 150(77unf)-145(104). Semi-finals (best-of-9): Advani bt Sourav Kothari (India) 5-2. Gilchrist bt Robert Hall (England) 5-3.
Recommend

J&K  Jharkhand assembly polls to begin on November 25J&K, Jharkhand assembly polls to begin on November 25
Ashwini Phadnis
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 25:  
Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand will go to polls over five phases starting on November 25 to elect their new legislative assemblies, the Election Commission announced on Saturday.
Announcing the election schedule, V.S. Sampath, Chief Election Commissioner said polling in the two states will take place on November 25, December 2, 9, 14 and 20. Besides, three assembly constituencies in Delhi will also go to polls during the first phase of polls in J&K and Jharkhand, Sampath said.
Counting of votes in the two states and for the three assembly seats in Delhi will be done on December 23, the CEC said. The Commission said that the Model Code of Conduct comes into immediate effect. Among other things, the Model Code of Conduct prevents the government in a state going to the polls from making any announcements of new projects, programmes, concessions, financial grants in any form, laying of foundation stones which have the effect of influencing voters in favour of the party in power. Even the Central Government cannot announce key policy decisions which will have implications for the states going to the polls.
The tenure of the Jharkhand assembly expires on January 3 next year while that of the J&K assembly expires on January 19 next year, Sampath said.
There are 81 assembly constituencies in Jharkhand while there are 87 assembly constituencies in J&K. The total electorate in Jharkhand stands at 2.07 crore while there are 72.25 lakh electors in J&K.
Answering questions from the media, Sampath said that the decision to hold polls in J&K was taken as most political parties were in favour of holding elections on time. ``There is no justification to postpone,” the Chief Election Commissioner said.
Sampath added that the floods which have affected the state are unlikely to have an adverse impact on polling. Pointing out that it is difficult to guess polling percentages in a state like J&K, Sampath said that the floods will not have any special impact on polling.
The Chief Election Commissioner said that inquiries made especially about infrastructure where polling stations will be set up for conducting polls in J&K showed that alternate arrangements had been made in places where these had had been affected by the floods.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

Daughter Of Lesbian Houston Mayor Couldn t Get Driver s License Because She Has 2 Moms [UPDATE]Houston Mayor: Texas Wouldn't Give My Daughter A Driver's License Because She Has 2 Moms [UPDATE]
Posted:
Updated:
10/24/2014  5:59 pm EDT
Houston Mayor Annise Parker (D), right and her long-time partner, First Lady Kathy Hubbard, celebrate at their wedding on Jan 16, 1014 in Palm Springs, Calif. (AP Photo/Houston Office of The Mayor, Richard Hartog) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
WASHINGTON -- Houston Mayor Annise Parker (D) announced Thursday that the Texas Department of Public Safety had barred her daughter from taking a driving test because the daughter has two moms. Parker, who is the first openly gay mayor of a major U.S. city, wed her longtime partner in January .
Parker took to Twitter late Thursday to express her frustration.
Daughter needs drivers test. Has all docs, some in MomA name, some MomK, but w/ birth cert showing both. DPS says can only be from 1 mom!-A
— Annise Parker (@AnniseParker) October 24, 2014
DPS didn't return a request for comment, and Parker's communications director was unable to provide more information since the mayor was out of town for a speech. But around midday Friday, Parker tweeted that the situation had been resolved, though it took three trips to get the documentation approved.
Finally! After 3rd trip to DPS w/ different sets of docs in an unnecessary paper chase, last child has her drivers license.-A
— Annise Parker (@AnniseParker) October 24, 2014
The agency also came under fire earlier this year for denying a lesbian a driver's license. Connie Wilson took her spouse's name after they wed in California. But when Wilson moved to Texas and tried to get a driver's license, DPS refused to accept her marriage certificate as a secondary form of identification. Marriage equality is not legal in Texas, and DPS said Wilson would have to get a court order to receive a license with her new name.
A federal appeals court recently agreed to expedite a case on whether Texas can continue to ban same-sex marriage.
H/T Lone Star Q
UPDATE: 5:15 p.m. -- DPS Press Secretary Tom Vinger took issue with Parker's recollection of events, writing in a statement, "All individuals applying for their first Texas driver license must provide a variety of documents to prove their identity, Social Security Number, U.S. citizenship or lawful presence status, and Texas residency. In this case, the adult applicant did not initially present sufficient documentation to prove residency.  Once she provided the required documentation, she was able to complete the transaction. There is no indication that any delay in the process was related to same-sex marriage."
Want more updates from Amanda? Sign up for her newsletter, Piping Hot Truth.
Enter your email address:

Divided Brazil votes for next presidentDivided Brazil votes for next president
Manohar Lal Khattar to be sworn in as Haryana CM at PanchkulaManohar Lal Khattar to be sworn in as Haryana CM at Panchkula
Apparently  We re All A Little Bit Face-istreddit
Seems everyone's a little bit "face-ist," sometimes. That is, we make subtle and essentially irrational judgments about people based on their facial features -- and use these judgments to make important decisions like hiring a new employee, voting for a political candidate, or determining the guilt or innocence of someone accused of a crime.
That's the troubling take-away from a new research paper entitled "Social attributions from faces bias human choices."
"Although we would like to think our judgments and choices are rational, impartial, consistent, and solely based on relevant information, the truth is that they are often biased by superficial and irrelevant factors," Dr. Christopher Olivola, lead author of the paper and a marketing professor at Carnegie Mellon University's Tepper School of Business, said in a written statement. "This is a troubling human tendency that needs to be corrected, or at least mitigated, because faces are not valid predictors of a person's traits ."
(Story continues below.)
Faces generated by data-driven computational models of evaluations of (A) competence, (B) dominance, (C) extroversion, and (D) trustworthiness. The face in the middle column represents an average face in the statistical model. Faces in the right column are above average for each trait, and faces in the left are below average.
Olivola and his colleagues reviewed previous studies in which people were shown faces and asked to judge how competent, dominant, extroverted, or trustworthy they appeared. These studies linked certain appearances to significant social outcomes, indicating that people have a consistent positive bias for some facial features and a consistent negative bias against others independent of age, attractiveness, ethnicity, or gender.
For instance, the research suggests that "trustworthy-looking" people -- those with prominent cheekbones and high eyebrows -- find it easier to get loans. People perceived as untrustworthy -- those with sunken cheeks, furrowed brows, and close-set eyes -- are less likely to receive a loan and more likely to be deemed guilty when accused of a crime.
When it comes to winning elections and getting hired and promoted, research indicates that people with faces judged as competent and dominant tend to come out on top.
It all seems so unfair, but the researchers suggest there's a way to ease these irrational biases.
"When people are knowledgeable and motivated to make good decisions, appearance is less likely to influence their choices," study co-author Dr. Alexander Todorov, a psychology professor at Princeton University, told The Huffington Post in an email. "Informing people about important information for the decision at hand is helpful."
The paper was published online in the journal Trends in Cognitive Sciences on Oct. 21.
Also on HuffPost:

Narendra Modi sings media praises  assures  deeper  tiesNarendra Modi sings media praises  assures  deeper  ties
8 tips to track your financial health this festive season8 tips to track your financial health this festive season
Shahid Charania
Business Line Festival of lights
October 21, 2014:  
We are in that part of the year when festivities take over. Nine days ahead of Navratri incarnations of Goddess Durga are worshipped across India. During this auspicious time many people plan to purchase homes, appliances, cars, etc. Most consumers buy goods by swiping credit cards or availing of EMIs.
In 2013, Indian consumers spent 25 per cent of their monthly salary on Diwali expenses. As per the latest media reports, the Indian e-commerce industry was already seeing a 30 per cent increase on average daily sales with people preparing for the festival season.
Under circumstances, it is critical for shoppers to understand their financial health, define what to purchase and its mode of payment. Hence, between Diwali presents, eating out and visiting family; don’t forget to keep track of your spending over the festive season.
Here are few tips
Stick to a realistic budget
It’s important to have a good understanding of how much you want to spend before heading out to the shops for festive buying. This will help you make smart decisions on your purchases during festival season and avoid any surprises! Make an honest assessment of your financial limits for this festive season.
Plan your gifts in advance
Make sure that you don’t overspend when buying gifts. Allocate an amount you can afford per gift and stick to it. If you want to limit your impulse spending, a list can be a great way to do so. The list will help you quickly identify sale items.
Use your debit or credit card sparingly
There are attractive offers on credit cards during festival time. It is recommended that you use your credit cards prudently and remember to pay-off all the bills on time to avoid any impact on your credit score. A good credit score will enable you to utilize credit on better terms in future
Compare online
It is important to compare prices of goods offered by different sites before ordering online. By comparing prices, you will be able to identify the best deals and help you score on savings. It is advisable to use your debit / credit card cautiously and use only one card during the shopping season to avoid any identity theft.
Plan holidays in advance
Booking travel in advance will enable you save some percent of accommodation and travel tickets expenses. Also, an advance registration for Christmas or New Year parties will ensure that you have the reservation in the right place and that too at a discounted rate.
Check your balance regularly
With all the spending, it is advisable that you keep checking your account balance and credit card spend regularly to avoid surprises. This will ensure that you are spending as per the budget and plan for festive spend.
Access your score
Dusherra - Diwali is a time when many people like to purchase homes. Many consumers buy them on EMIs. Check your credit score / credit history before making this decision. Accessing your credit score before applying for a home loan may actually give you better bargaining power with the lending institution for availing the loan at better terms and conditions.
You can reach out to Equifax or CIBIL if you want to know your credit score. Festive season comes with offers by car dealers / lending institutions to attract buyers. Just like it is advisable to check your credit score / credit history before deciding to purchase a home on loan, it is advisable to refer your credit standing when going in for a car purchase on loan.
Planning for year ahead
Don’t let the festive season stop you from planning ahead for your other goals. Plan for the year to come and its associated expenses. Prudent planning clubbed with cautious use of credit will ensure a bright financial health this festive season.
(The author is Managing Director, Emerging Markets at Equifax)
(This article was published on October 21, 2014)
Related

Monarch Group sale saves 2 500 jobsMonarch Group sale saves 2,500 jobs
Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/18502e6c-5bca-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

After Myanmar and Australia  Modi to visit FijiUpdated: October 25, 2014 10:58 IST
After Myanmar and Australia, Modi to visit Fiji
Suhasini Haidar
PTI
Narendra Modi would be the first Indian Prime Minister to visit the Pacific Islands in three decades.
TOPICS
diplomacy
The 10-day tour to be the Prime Minister’s longest visit abroad since assuming office.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to extend his tour to Myanmar and Australia next month, by adding a short hop to the Fiji Islands as well, making the 10-day visit the longest trip abroad in his tenure so far, double the duration of his visits to Brazil, Japan and the US. According to a source working on the PM’s visit, he plans to fly from Canberra to the Fijian capital of Suva for a day-long bilateral trip on November 19th.
Mr. Modi would be the first Indian PM to visit the pacific islands in three decades, since PM Indira Gandhi travelled there in 1981. He has been in contact with the Fijian PM Voreqe Bainimarama since he called to congratulate PM Mr. Modi in May. In a tweet at the time, the PM had promised to “make India-Fiji relations stronger in the coming years." Announcing the visit, the Fiji Sun newspaper said the visit would “reinforce closer ties between Fiji and India, the Asian superpower.”
The visit will be part of PM Mr. Modi’s outreach to countries with substantial Indian-origin populations. Indians were first settled in the far-off islands by the British as indentured labour, but over the years many “free settlers” followed, and set up businesses there. According to the last census in 2007, Indian-Fijians made up about 37% of the population numbering more than three lakh. Despite that being the largest proportion of Indian diaspora living anywhere, it is lower than earlier years due to a large number emigrating to other countries because of harassment from native Fijians. Fiji elected an Indian-origin Prime Minister, Mahendra Chaudhury, in 1999, although he was deposed in a coup a year later.
Mr. Modi will travel to Fiji after a four-day visit to Australia where he will attend the G-20 and is likely to attend a number of Non-Resident Indian (NRI) gatherings including a mega event at the Sydney Olympic park for about 20,000 Indian-Australians. As The Hindu had reported earlier this week, invitees to a gala event dinner thrown by the Australian government for him at the Melbourne Cricket Grounds will also include many prominent Indian-Australians . PM Modi will return from Suva on November 20th,less than a week ahead of his next visit to Nepal for the SAARC summit on November 25th.

RINL toachieve normalproduction in a week  says CMDRINL to achieve normal production in a week, says CMD
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Oct 25:  
The Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd - Visakhapatnam steel plant is all set to achieve normal production levels in a week's time, according to Chairman and Managing Director P. Madhusudan.
In a press release here on Saturday, he expressed happiness over the revival of production in the plant and regeneration of greenery at RINL which was badly hit by Hudhud on October 12. The critical units like coke ovens and blast furnaces have all been revived and production commenced from sinter plant and steel melt shop (SMS) as well. To scale up the production and to start the rolling mills, the RINL is in the process of strengthening the power supply line from the State grid.
He attributed the speedy recovery to the tireless efforts of the RINL Collective. "The RINL is all set to revive production in all the units and scale up volumes close to normal levels in about a week’s time," he added.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

Coal India arm asks buyers to transport one-third of deliveries by roadCoal India arm asks buyers to transport one-third of deliveries by road
Our Bureau
FSA consumers to pay more
Kolkata. October 25:  
First the Union coal minister Piyush Goyal put a brake on e-auction of coal, triggering huge protest from the local transporters cartel catering the local industries.
Now to pacify the protesters threatening to stall mining operations in Odisha – producing almost a quarter of the total domestic coal - the Sambalpur-based Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd (MCL) resorted to an unique arrangement.
The Coal India subsidiary convinced large local buyers – like Vedanta, Hindalco, Jindals - to take one-third of contracted deliveries by environmentally polluting and exorbitantly costly road transport.
“All consumers of Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd who have a fuel supply agreement with the company will have to transport 30 per cent of the FSA quantity by road if the destination point is within 50 km from the mines,” said a company press release issued on Saturday.
MCL sources say the move, which was duly supported by Coal ministry, will protect annually 12-18 million tonne of road cargo that was lost due to curb on e-auction.
There is, however, a distinction between the two. The coal sold through e-auction was largely consumed by numerous ferroalloy makers in the vicinity, each consuming limited quantities of fuel making it a fit case for road movement.
A couple of large industries (like Bhushan Power and Steel), also participated the auction as a stop gap arrangement till their captive mines were ready. They were buying coal at Rs 3,000 a tonne from e-auction and didn’t mind paying Rs 600-900 per tonne as road freight.
But FSA consumers like Vedanta, Hindalco – drawing huge volumes at contracted price of Rs 800-850 a tonne (ex-mine) had set arrangements for rail movement of coal at merely Rs 150 a tonne.
The new arrangement will increase landed cost of fuel to such consumers, for one-third of the supplies, to double or more.
Environmental norms
One can understand MCL’s desperation to strike the deal and keep the production running. However, it was intriguing how one arm of the government could ignore the concerns raised by the environment ministry on road movement of minerals.
Throughout the last decade, the Union environment ministry has been insisting on rail movement of coal as a pre-condition to grant environmental clearance to mines so as to curb air pollution in the mining districts.
The MCL release, however lauds the role of the Union coal ministry and local BJP MP and junior petroleum minister, Dharmendra Pradhan, for “whole hearted support” to the initiative.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

Power  water restored to Vizag pharma city unitsPower, water restored to Vizag pharma city units
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Oct 25:  
Power has been restored to almost all the units in the Jawahar Pharma City at Parawada in Visakhapatnam district by Saturday and the units are making all preparations to resume production after the damage wrought by Hudhud cyclone.
Dr. P.P Lal Krishna, the head of operations, Ramky Pharma City (India) Ltd, said here on Saturday that at present 54 units were functioning in the pharma city including major ones such as Eisai Pharma, Hospital and Mylan. "Power has been restored to all the units except one or two due to some technical problems and normalcy has been restored. We are also receiving the required quantum of water for the units. The common facilities such as the effluent treatment plant are back to normal. It is for the units to revive production and it may take a few days," he said.
Even though the damage to each unit is yet to be enumerated, apart from the production loss, the total loss to the pharma city may roughly be Rs 500 crore or so, according to industry sources.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

Cox & Kings is a good stock pickCox & Kings is a good stock pick
Nod to Rs 80k-cr defence dealsNod to Rs 80k-cr defence deals
Google executive sets new stratosphere skydive world recordGoogle executive sets new stratosphere skydive world record
Pakistan ministers stress need for economic ties with IndiaPakistan ministers stress need for economic ties with India
RSS disowns controversial Nehru articleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Eric Holder  Exasperated  By Leaks In Michael Brown CaseAttorney General Eric Holder 'Exasperated' By Leaks In Michael Brown Case
Reuters
Updated:
10/24/2014  9:59 pm EDT
FILE - In this July 10, 2012 file photo, Attorney General Eric Holder speaks in Houston. Holder is cutting short an overseas trip and will return to Washington immediately to manage a criminal investigation into the deaths of the four people who died in an attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya. (AP Photo/Pat Sullivan, File) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
(Updates with further comments from Holder)
By Julia Edwards
WASHINGTON, Oct 24 (Reuters) - U.S. Attorney General Eric  Holder said on Friday that he expects the Justice Department's  investigation into the shooting death of unarmed black teenager  Michael Brown by a white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri,  to be complete by the time he leaves office.
Holder, who was speaking at a news event in Los Angeles,  last month announced his resignation but said he would not leave  until his replacement was chosen and confirmed by the Senate.  The Obama administration is expected to announce a nominee to  replace him by the end of the year.
Brown's death sparked angry protests across the St. Louis  suburb and has drawn global attention to race relations in the  United States.
Holder's legacy as attorney general, a position he has held  since the start of the Obama administration, has been largely  shaped by his vocal advocacy for racial justice.
Holder also said he was "exasperated" to see leaks earlier  this week from the grand jury reviewing the case locally. The  leaked information indicated that Darren Wilson, the officer who  shot Brown, was acting in self-defense.
"It appears that people are somehow trying to shape public  opinion," Holder said.
In addition to the criminal investigation into Wilson's  actions, the Justice Department is also conducting a civil  investigation into the patterns and practices of the Ferguson  Police Department.      (Reporting by Julia Edwards; Editing by Sandra Maler and Eric  Beech)
More:

S.S. Rajendran: Dialogue delivery was his fortedeath
Tamil cinema’s veteran actor Sedapatti Suryanarayana Thevar Rajendran, popularly known as SSR, who had worked with the former Chief Minister, M.G. Ramachandran, thespian Sivaji Ganesan, DMK leader M. Karunanidhi and AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa, died here on Friday.
He was 86 and is survived by two wives, including actress C.R. Vijayakumari, and eight children. Born at Sedapatti in Madurai district in January 1928, SSR, like all his contemporaries, cut his teeth in acting on the stage as part of Boys Company and later in the theatre group run by T.K.S. Brothers. He was also a good singer; a few could match his Tamil pronunciation. He, however, kept to the minimum the theatrical elements that dominated the histrionics milieu of his time. From the early 1950s to 2008, he had acted in over 75 films.
In his recent autobiography, Naan Vantha Paathai (The Path I Trod), he had said he could get into the famous TKS troupe after singing a song set to raga Karaharapriya to the satisfaction of T.K. Bhagavathi, the younger brother of T.K. Shanmugam.
In fact, SSR entered the film world as a playback singer, in the music of G. Ramanathan, because he was considered too young for villain by Modern Theatres Sundaram.
After penning his autobiography, SSR kept the manuscripts with him. “IAS officer Rajendran and artist Trotsky Marudhu persuaded him to publish it,” said poet Vennila, whose publishing house Agani has brought out the book recently.
Closely associated with the Dravidian movement, SSR was an admirer of the DMK founder C.N. Annadurai. He was the first actor to be elected to the Assembly in the country, from Theni in 1962 on DMK ticket. He also represented the DMK in the Rajya Sabha during 1970-76 and was re-elected to the Assembly as an AIADMK candidate from Andipatti in 1980.
Though he was a close friend of Mr. Karunanidhi, he fell out with him. In his autobiography, SSR has vividly recalled his war of words with the DMK president at an executive meeting of the party. After his expulsion from the DMK, he joined the AIADMK. Again, he entered the electoral fray from Periyakulam in the 1989 Assembly elections as a candidate of the AIADMK faction led by Ms. Jayalalithaa. But he could not win.
Parasakthi, starring Sivaji Ganesan, gave him the much-needed break, though he had earlier acted in a few films such as Paithiyakaran and Aandal. In Parasakthi, he campaigned for the laudable objective of its scrip-writer Mr Karunanidhi to rehabilitate beggars.
With a fine diction and facial expression, SSR excelled as a hero, and in many secondary roles. His role as ‘Muthazhgu’ in Sivagangai Seemai testified to his acting talent. He acted with Sivaji Ganesan in Patchai Vilakku, Manohara and Alayamani.
In Poompuhar, for which the dialogues were penned by Mr. Karunanidhi, he played the role of Kovalan, the hero of the epic Silapathikaram.
In Manimagudam, SSR worked with Mr. Karunanidhi, who penned the dialogues, and Ms. Jayalalithaa. He paired with MGR in Kanchi Thalaivan and Raja Thesinku.

Season for private equity exits via IPOsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ebola in US: New York had jump-start  Dallas had to learnfastThe contrast in handling two Ebola diagnoses in New York and Dallas highlights how differently US cities prepare.
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: October 26, 2014 4:24 am
The contrast in handling two Ebola diagnoses in New York and Dallas highlights how differently U.S. cities and hospitals prepare for health emergencies.
“The lesson I would take from New York is you have to practice,” Dr Amesh Adalja, a representative of the Infectious Diseases Society of America. “Preparedness isn’t something you just make a plan for and put it on the shelf.”
Ebola came to New York via a doctor who had volunteered to treat patients in Ebola-stricken Guinea. Dr Craig Spencer alerted his aid agency that he had developed a fever, and was transported to Bellevue Hospital Center by specially trained emergency workers wearing protective gear.
In Dallas last month, a hospital initially sent home a sick Thomas Eric Duncan, who had traveled from Liberia and who days later would become the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the U.S.
A look at differences between the two cases:
HOW NEW YORK PREPARED
New York health officials are known for holdings drills on handling emergencies, and Ebola is no exception. Bellevue, the country’s oldest public hospital, had been preparing in earnest for an Ebola patient since August.
The patient registration staff and triage nurses were trained to ask people with certain symptoms about international travel. Actors posed as patients to be sure that anyone who answered “yes” was immediately put into one of the ER’s nine isolation rooms. Along the way came some false alarms, sick patients who turned out not to have Ebola.
On the seventh floor is the full isolation unit, originally set up to treat people with drug-resistant tuberculosis. It was overhauled for Ebola in recent weeks and now houses a separate lab for Ebola-infected specimens.
Bellevue is not alone. New York health authorities designated eight hospitals statewide as capable of properly caring for suspected Ebola patients.
Beyond hospitals, the city’s fire department trained an ambulance crew to transport suspected Ebola patients, and emergency dispatchers now ask people calling for an ambulance if they’ve traveled to West Africa recently.
Also, “New York has the benefit of being the second city to have an imported Ebola case,” Adalja said.
LESSONS LEARNED
Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Dallas has apologized for initially misdiagnosing Duncan.
Duncan had told an emergency room nurse he recently had arrived from West Africa, and he temporarily spiked a 103-degree Fahrenheit (39.5-degree Celsius) fever shortly before his discharge. He returned two days later, sicker, and then was tested for Ebola. He died Oct. 8. Two nurses who cared for him became infected; both have since been declared virus-free.
On Friday, the Dallas hospital announced some changes, saying it had learned from its experiences treating Duncan and was sharing them with other hospitals in a stark then-and-now chart.
Patients will be asked about their travels within five minutes of entering the ER. Electronic continued…

Bigger role for Pichai in GoogleBigger role for Pichai in Google
BSE Sensex bounces back after 4-wk fallBSE Sensex bounces back after 4-wk fall
Few details offered on quarantines overEbolaOfficials in three US states have enacted 21-day quarantines for any travelers arriving back in US.
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: October 26, 2014 5:19 am
Officials in three US states have enacted 21-day quarantines for any travelers arriving back in the United States after having contact with Ebola patients in West Africa. But they’ve said little about exactly how they’ll enforce such strict rules.
In Illinois, health officials say such travelers are subject to a mandatory home quarantine. In New York and New Jersey, the three-week quarantine is also in effect because that’s the incubation period of the deadly virus.
All three states announced the quarantine requirements on Friday. But no health officials from those states responded to requests Saturday about how such a quarantine will work.
A nurse who worked in Sierra Leone tested negative for Ebola at a New Jersey hospital after being the first traveler subject to quarantine there.

L&T Finance Holdings PAT up by 17%L&T Finance Holdings PAT up by 17%
Brazil preps for historic presidential runoffBrazil preps for historic presidential runoff
Oil Min to overhaul exploration policy: PradhanOil Min to overhaul exploration policy: Pradhan
NSE index may rise to 8 000 level on reformsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Today in Pics: Hindus in Pakistan celebrate Diwali  army men light up India-Pakistan borderpicture  others
Today in Pics: Hindus in Pakistan celebrate Diwali, army men light up India-Pakistan border
BSF personnel light candles along the fence to celebrate Diwali at the India-Pakistan Rajatal border post, Attari near Amritsar on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
BSF personnel light candles along the fence to celebrate Diwali at the India-Pakistan Rajatal border post, Attari near Amritsar on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Hindu community members lighting candles as they celebrate Diwali festival in Peshawar on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Hindus in Pakistan celebrate Diwali in Peshawar. (Source: PTI)
A view of illuminated Shri Shidhata Ashram Mandir at Surajkund Road during Diwali in Faridabad on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Rush at Moradabad Railway Station on the eve of Bhai Dooj festival on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Devotees during Govardhan Puja, also called Annakut (meaning a heap of grain) in Kolkata on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Devotees collecting Puja Pasadam during Govardhan Puja, also called Annakut (meaning a heap of grain) in Kolkata on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Nihangs, or Sikh religious warriors, display their horse-riding skills at an event organized to celebrate “Fateh Divas” in Amritsar, India, Friday, Oct. 24, 2014. Fateh Divas marks the day when sixth Sikh Guru, Hargobind Singh, was welcomed in Amritsar with thousands of lamps upon his return from a prison. (Source: AP)
Nihangs, or Sikh religious warriors, display their weapons at an event organized to celebrate “Fateh Divas” in Amritsar, India, Friday, Oct. 24, 2014. (Source: AP)
Related

Coeur dAlene apparently changes stance  agrees that for-profit chapel need not perform same-sex weddingsBy Eugene Volokh October 24 Follow @volokhc
As I noted Wednesday , the Couer d’Alene City Attorney concluded that for-profit chapels were covered by the city ban on sexual orientation discrimination: “if they are providing services primarily or substantially for profit and they discriminate in providing those services based on sexual orientation then they would likely be in violation of the ordinance.” But Boise State Public Radio (Jessica Robinson) reports that the city has apparently changed its position:
The city of Coeur d’Alene, Idaho, said a for-profit wedding chapel owned by two ministers doesn’t have to perform same-sex marriages….
[City Attorney Michael] Gridley said after further review, he determined the ordinance doesn’t specify non-profit or for-profit.
“After we’ve looked at this some more, we have come to the conclusion they would be exempt from our ordinance because they are a religious corporation,” Gridley explained.
The Knapps’ lawyer reports that “the Knapps have been contacted by the police about a complaint filed on Thursday by a same-sex couple who were turned away at the Old West themed chapel,” but presumably — given the new stance — the City will refuse to prosecute. (The ordinance doesn’t allow private lawsuits, only prosecutions.)
The Kootenai County Task Force on Human Relations , which (according to Boise State Public Radio) helped create the ordinance agrees, quoting unnamed constitutional experts: “When they are performing a religious activity like marrying people, ministers have the right to choose which marriages they will solemnize. That’s why we don’t think the public accommodation law applies to ministers making choices about performing marriages. So, if the only service offered is a religious wedding ceremony performed by a minister, then the law would not apply.”
As I’ve argued before , I think more than just religious freedom is at stake here — the Free Speech Clause protects the right not to participate in verbal ceremonies, whether religious or otherwise, and whether they are pledges of allegiance (even ones without “under God”) or the conducting of wedding vows (even ones that are secular). A secular freelance writer, for instance, has a Free Speech Clause right to refuse to write news releases for religious groups that he disapproves of (even if he generally takes commissions from the public), or articles praising ceremonies that he disapproves of. Likewise, a wedding officiant has a Free Speech Clause right to refuse to lead wedding ceremonies that he disapproves of. But at least I’m glad that, in this instance, the city has agreed that the ordinance doesn’t apply.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

New York  New Jersey to quarantine medical workers returning from West AfricaBy Mark Berman October 24 Follow @markberman
Customs officers working during Ebola screenings at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York. (U.S. Customs and Border Protection)
Medical personnel returning to New York, New Jersey and Illinois from the Ebola-riddled countries in West Africa will be automatically quarantined if they had direct contact with an infected person, officials announced Friday.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) announced the decision at a joint news conference Friday at 7 World Trade Center.
“We have to do more,” Cuomo said. “It’s too serious of a situation to leave it to the honor system of compliance.” 
They said that public-health officials at John F. Kennedy and Newark Liberty international airports, where enhanced screening for Ebola is taking place, would make the determination on who would be quarantined. Anyone who had direct contact with an Ebola patient in Liberia, Sierra Leone or Guinea will be quarantined.
Illinois followed suit later in the day, with Gov. Pat Quinn calling the protective measure “too important to be voluntary.”  Chicago’s O’Hare International is another of the five U.S. airports with the federally mandated enhanced screening protocols.
A medical worker in New Jersey quarantined following her arrival at an airport after treating Ebola victims in West Africa has tested negative for the virus. However, she will continue to be under a mandatory 21-day quarantine under the new policy. (Reuters)
In addition, anyone who traveled there but had no such contact would be actively monitored and possibly quarantined, authorities said.
This news came a day after a doctor who had treated Ebola patients in Guinea was diagnosed in Manhattan, becoming the fourth person diagnosed with the virus in the United States and the first outside of Dallas.
And the decision came not long after a health-care worker who had treated Ebola patients in West Africa arrived at Newark Liberty International Airport. The health-care worker had no symptoms at the time but would still be quarantined, Christie said.
The New Jersey Department of Health announced Friday evening that the unidentified woman had “developed a fever and is now in isolation and being evaluated at University Hospital in Newark.” The woman does not live in the area, but she was planning on remaining in New York, according to Christie’s office.
The quarantines outlined by the governors – which will last for the 21-day period when people infected with Ebola can become symptomatic — come amid calls for quarantining all medical workers who return to the United States from the Ebola-stricken parts of West Africa.
Federal authorities are considering a mandatory quarantine, but they have said that no decision has been made.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has determined that states have the right to determine their own protocols for Ebola screening and quarantine, Cuomo’s office said.
A voluntary Ebola quarantine is not enough. This is too serious a public health situation. pic.twitter.com/SP1q3PnOrY
— Andrew Cuomo (@NYGovCuomo) October 24, 2014
[This post has been updated.]
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

US governors introduce Ebola quarantineUS governors order Ebola quarantine
David Crow in New York and Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c26f24c6-5b88-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IAF asks personnel not to use Xiaomi phones: Everything you need to knowIAF asks personnel not to use Xiaomi phones: Everything you need to know
Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 25 2014, 12:41  IST
Oct 25 2014, 12:41  IST
 

US leading global fight to stamp out Ebola: ObamaUS leading global fight to stamp out Ebola: Obama
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 25:  
As New York City reported its first Ebola case, US President Barack Obama today asked the Americans not to give into fear as the country is well equipped to deal with the deadly virus and is leading the global fight to stamp it out.
“Here’s the bottom line. Patients can beat this disease.
And we can beat this disease. But we have to stay vigilant,” Obama said in his weekly radio and web address today, a day after he hugged the Dallas-based Nina Pham, the nurse declared free of Ebola.
“We have to work together at every level — federal, state and local. And we have to keep leading the global response, because the best way to stop this disease, the best way to keep Americans safe, is to stop it at its source — in West Africa,” he said.
The President said: “We have to be guided by the science... by the facts, not fear.”
He said new measures were put in place to screen all travellers from the three affected countries in West Africa into five US airports where provisions for additional screening were put in place.
“Starting this week, these travellers will be required to report their temperatures and any symptoms on a daily basis—for 21 days until we’re confident they don’t have Ebola,” he said.
Obama said the White House and its new Ebola response coordinator were working to ensure a seamless response across the federal government.
“And we have been examining the protocols for protecting our brave health care workers, and, guided by the science, we’ll continue to work with state and local officials to take the necessary steps to ensure the safety and health of the American people,” he said.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

US to recognise gay marriage in another six statesThe US government announced on Saturday it would recognise same sex marriages in six more states.
By: Agence-France Presse | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:29 am
The US government announced on Saturday it would recognise same sex marriages in six more states, following an earlier Supreme Court decision not to take up the debate.
The announcement from Attorney General Eric Holder means gay and lesbian married couples in those states will have the same legal rights and federal benefits as heterosexual couples.
The latest decision covers Alaska, Arizona, Idaho, North Carolina, West Virginia, and Wyoming, and comes on the heels of a similar decision last week that extended federal recognition to seven states.
Holder’s announcement “brings the total number of states where same sex couples are recognised by the federal government to 32, plus the District of Columbia,” the Justice Department said.
“With each new state where same sex marriages are legally recognised, our nation moves closer to achieving of full equality for all Americans,” Holder said.
“We are acting as quickly as possible with agencies throughout the government to ensure that same sex married couples in these states receive the fullest array of benefits allowable under federal law.”
The statement said Holder had also determined the government would legally recognise same sex marriages in two states, Indiana and Wisconsin, conducted in June. Court battles over gay marriage bans in those states are ongoing.
Earlier this month, the US Supreme Court snubbed appeals from several states where state-level bans on gay marriage had been deemed unconstitutional.
Marriages in those states had been on hold pending the court’s decision on whether to hear the cases. The ruling means that same sex couples in the five states can now have their unions recognised.
The number of states legalising gay unions is expected to increase.

PM headed-ACC to select Chief Commissioner of Gurdwara pollsPM headed-ACC to select Chief Commissioner of Gurdwara polls
US technology company fined for underpaying Indian employeesUS technology company fined for underpaying Indian employees
World Bank approves USD 75 mn for pastoralists in Horn of AfricaWorld Bank approves USD 75 mn for pastoralists in Horn of Africa
LIVE: Stage set for Manohar Lal Khattar swearing-intodayKhattar was sworn in as the Haryana CM in Panchkula today. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 26, 2014 10:51 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 5:58 am
Karnal MLA Manohar Lal Khattar , 60, took oath as BJP’s first-ever chief minister in Haryana in a grand ceremony on Saturday. Six MLAs were sworn-in as Cabinet ministers , while three were administered oath as Ministers of State with independent charge. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and top party leaders, including L K Advani, Amit Shah, Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh and Venkaiah Naidu, attended the ceremony, which was held in Panchkula.
Several RSS leaders as well as chief ministers of BJP-ruled states — Gujarat CM Anandiben Patel, Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje, Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and Goa CM Manohar Parrikar — also attended the event.
In pics: Narendra Modi, Amit Shah attend Khattar’s swearing-in
Haryana Governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath to the CM and the Cabinet ministers. Those inducted into Khattar’s Cabinet include Rambilas Sharma (MLA from Mahendergarh), Capt. Abhimanyu (Narnaund), Anil Vij (Ambala-Cantonment), O P Dhankar (Badli), Kavita Jain (Sonepat) and Rao Narbir Singh (Badshahpur).
Soon after taking oath, Sharma told mediapersons that the state government would order a probe into the alleged land scams that took place during the previous government in Haryana. “We shall get a sitting high court judge to probe the land scams that took place in Haryana,” he said.
The Ministers of State who were sworn in are Bikram Singh Thekedar (Kosli), Krishan Kumar (Shahbad) and Karan Dev Kamboj (Indri).
Before the ceremony began, the state government arranged for an SUV for each Cabinet minister.
A separate stage was created to accommodate the remaining BJP MLAs, and various religious and RSS leaders. An unprecedented security cover comprising more than 3,000 policemen was put in place at the venue.
Vij said that “working for the welfare of the people and ensuring inclusive development” would be the government’s top priority.
In the newly inducted Cabinet, all members except Sharma and Rao Narbir Singh are first-time ministers.
Former Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda did not attend the ceremony and claimed that he was not invited . “If I was invited, I would have thought about attending the event. But no invitation reached me,” Hooda said. However, the state government maintained that Hooda had been invited to the event.
The first meeting of the new Cabinet will be held under the chairmanship of Khattar in Haryana Civil Secretariat in Chandigarh at 11 am on Monday.
READ: Haryana govt contradicts Hooda’s claim, says he was invited to Khattar swearing-in
After taking oath, the CM and his Cabinet went to the Haryana Civil Secretariat and held a meeting with administrative secretaries of the state government.
During the meeting, Khattar said that the welfare of the people should be the ultimate aim for each of them. “Apart from continued…

Kerala Tourism taxies on waterUpdated: October 26, 2014 11:12 IST
Kerala Tourism taxies on water
S. Anil Radhakrishnan
Tweet
Kerala Tourism will launch ‘hop-on, hop-off’ boat services and water taxis to ensure “last-mile connectivity” to tourist destinations.
A flagship project of Kerala Tourism under Mission 676, the advanced water transport services will be launched by Chief Minister Oommen Chandy at Marine Drive in Kochi on November 13.
Three hop-on, hop-off boats and three water taxis will be launched on the backwaters of Kochi and the Muziris region.
Kerala Tourism Infrastructure Ltd. (KTIL), a government undertaking, will operate the services for one year. These will be handed over to the District Tourism Promotion Council or the Kerala Tourism Development Corporation.
The theme branding of boats and water taxis with the paintings of six young artistes is on, a top official of the KTIL told The Hindu.
The paintings, selected by a committee led by K. Jayakumar, Vice Chancellor, Thunchath Ezhuthachan Malayalam University, have been developed into full-size vinyl stickers to go round the boats’ exterior.
The air-conditioned boats can ferry 25 persons and the air-conditioned taxis six persons at a time. The services will be available from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. The water taxis will operate from point to point and can be contacted over telephone like in the case of call taxis.
Tourists will be offered a single ticket of Rs.350 on the boats with which they can move to Marine Drive, Bolghatty, Vypeen, Fort Kochi, and Mattanchery any number of times during the day. They can disembark and board the boats after exploring tourist attractions.
A 15-minute cruise will cost Rs.750 and sharing of the ride will not be allowed, the official said.
The boats have been purchased at a cost of Rs.2.83 crore made available from Plan funds. A decision on where to park the boats will be taken soon.

Female PSU insurance staff may get transfers of their choiceFemale PSU insurance staff may get transfers of their choice
Tussle over CM post may hit BJP s image  fears RSSTussle over CM post may hit BJP s image  fears RSS
Can Congress bounce back from No 3Can Congress bounce back from No 3
Cos having pact with CIL have to send 30 pc of coal by roadCos having pact with CIL have to send 30 pc of coal by road
Cos having pact with CIL have to send 30% of coal by road‘Cos having pact with CIL will have to transport 30% of coal by road’
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
All consumers of Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd (MCL), including power firms, who have inked fuel supply pacts with Coal India will have to transport 30 per cent of the contracted quantity by road if it is within a limited distance.
“In a major decision taken by Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd (a coal India arm), all consumers of Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd who have a fuel supply agreement with the company, will have to transport 30 per cent of the FSA (fuel supply agreement) quantity by road if the destination point is within 50 km from the mines,” according to an MCL spokesperson.
The move, the spokesperson said, would provide major employment opportunities to the land oustees not eligible for employment under the R&R Scheme, since they can now take up the coal transportation contracts.
This would also benefit the local coal transporters and other allied works with higher quantum of work, the spokesperson said.
“The scheme saw the light of the day due to active support from CIL and the Coal Ministry,” he said.
Coal India is a holding company with seven wholly-owned coal producing subsidiaries, including MCL.
State-owned Coal India has so far signed 162 fuel supply agreements (FSAs) with power plants.
The government had earlier directed the coal major to sign supply pacts with power projects of 78,000 mw capacity. As many as 172 FSAs are to be signed in this regard.
Two deadlines set for the signing of FSAs by CIL with the power producers could not be adhered to. The government had set the deadline of August 31, 2013 for signing of FSAs, which could not be met. The second deadline was set for September last year.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Mutual Funds invest Rs 23Kcr in debt in Sept; total Rs 5 lakh cr in 2014E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Diwali low fare offers from SpiceJet  Jet AirwaysUpdated: October 21, 2014 23:30 IST
Diwali low fare offers from SpiceJet, Jet Airways
Special Correspondent
A file picture shows a SpiceJet aircraft about to land at Mysore airport. Photo: M.A. Sriram.
TOPICS
air transport
SpiceJet and Jet Airways on Tuesday launched special low fare offers on account of Diwali. SpiceJet announced its ‘Diwali Dhamaka’ sale , with one way fares starting Rs.899 (all-in) in Bangalore-Chennai-Kochi sectors. The airline has announced Bangalore-Goa fares starting Rs.1,599 (all in) and fares starting Rs.2,499 (all in) in rest of India.
Tickets can be booked till October 26 for travel between November 1 and December 15.
Jet Airways also responded to SpiceJet’s offer and announced a special Diwali festive offer on economy fares, starting an all inclusive fare of Rs.899. The five-day offer of special fares, which are excluding statutory and applicable government taxes, will end October 26, with travel validity from November 1 to December 15 on the airline’s domestic network.

BSE Sensex extends gains  up 212 pts in early tradeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Old Apple computers are now modern furnitureDesigner Transforms Old Apple Computers Into Modern Furniture
By Steven Tweedie | Business Insider –  Fri 24 Oct, 2014 6:01 AM IST
Klaus Geiger
Technology evolves quickly.
Old designs are discontinued to make way for the new, but for designer Klaus Geiger, this is where the fun begins.
Charmed by the industrial design of Apple's Power Mac G5 computer, Geiger has taken Apple's old powerhouse of a computer and transformed it into sleek, modern furniture.
The collection, appropriately titled BENCHMA( ®)C features a set of tables, seats, and cabinets that  are simple and utilitarian. Each piece of furniture does a great job of showing off the G5's anodized aluminum chassis, and Geiger's use of wood and glass feels like it would be right at home at an Apple store.
We first saw Geiger's collection over at The Verge.
The Power Mac G5 was first introduced in 2003, and was a favorite for filmmakers and photographers due to it being the most powerful computer in Apple's lineup at the time. The G5 has since been discontinued and replaced by the Mac Pro, which has undergone its own transformation last year.

Telangana budget session next month  likely to be stormyTelangana budget session next month, likely to be stormy
V. Rishi Kumar
Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrashekar Rao -- Nagara Gopal
Hyderabad, Oct 25:  
The maiden budget session of the Telangana Assembly to be convened from November 5 will provide an opportunity for the K Chandrasekhar Rao Government to outline the development agenda amidst several contentious inter-State issues.
A decision to convene the Assembly was finalised during the State Cabinet meeting on Friday evening.
The session being held after a couple of postponements, is also likely to be stormy as it comes at time when the two new States of Telangana and residual Andhra Pradesh have several inter-State issues that need to be resolved. Both the States do not see eye to eye on sharing of power, water resources, and fee reimbursement for students, among various other key concerns.
The State Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao had constituted 14 taskforce teams to facilitate the budget-making process, outlining the Government agenda for the next five years. These taskforce teams were entrusted with the task of drawing up short-term, medium-term and long-term perspective plans, rather than drafting a Budget for the remaining part of the year.
The interim Budget to be presented by Finance Minister Etela Rajender will be the first budget for the new State. So far, the budget allocations have been based on a vote-on-account passed by the unified Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly before the general elections and division of the State.
During the recent Finance Commission meetings, the State has indicated that tax collections have not been in line with initial projections. There is also growing concern about small and medium companies registering their offices in AP, leading to loss of tax collection.
The opposition parties, the Congress and the Telugu Desam Party, are seeking to corner the Government, particularly with regard to the severe power crisis in the State. The session is likely to be stormy with the opposition gearing up to expose the State on its handling of farm sector issues and supply of power, where industries are faced with a two-day power holiday per week and domestic and commercial consumers are faced with huge power-cuts.
Among other issues that are likely to be taken up during the Budget session include the crop loan waiver estimated to be about Rs 20,000 crore. The task forces constituted have come up with their suggestions to ensure inclusive growth and are taking feedback from the grassroots level.
While the session focus would be on the budget and its proposals, the issues of power and water sharing between the two States will be among key areas where the opposition parties would like to corner the treasury benches.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

AP to develop new capital within 5 yearsAP to develop new capital within 5 years
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 25:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government expects to develop the new capital city within five years spread over 30,000 acres, comprising of clusters.
At a meeting with the members of the Capital Advisory Committee at Secretariat today, the Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu said that the process of procuring land would be through land pooling system (LPS). Only when land owners refuse to give their land for development would the government opt for land acquisition.
Under the LPS, 50 per cent of the land would be earmarked for common assets.
The Chief Minister wanted the committee to expedite the process of land pooling and said a special officer would be appointed to oversee the process.
The land pooling certificate, which would confer transferable rights on the reconstituted land will be given to the land owner after the notification of layout plan.
The Chief Minister said that district collectors with respective local legislators and ministers would take the responsibility of convincing land owners for land pooling system.
During the meeting, it was also decided that an additional incentive of Rs 25,000 per acre, escalating at the rate of 5 per cent each year, for a period of 10 years, or till the first transaction, would be given to each land owner.
The land owners would enjoy exemption from payment of stamp duty and registration fee.
Landless poor who lose their livelihoods will be provided training and other assistance for skill upgradation for employment opportunities, the Chief Minister said.
It was decided that proposals could be initiated for the beautification and development of Vijayawada and Guntur.
Further, the existing Vijayawada Guntur Urban Authority would be dissolved before the Capital Region Development Authority (CRDA) is notified.  
The committee also decided that a Urban Development Authority for Visakhapatnam would be formed on the similar lines of the capital city. The Chief Minister would be the chairman of this UDA.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

All parties come to me  all get same blessings. There is no specialblessingDera Sacha Sauda’s Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh says 'we teach our followers that we all are human beings and nobody is above anybody'.
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Posted: October 26, 2014 5:37 am
Merely a few days before Haryana went to polls, the Dera Sacha Sauda publicly announced support for the BJP. What was the reason for this?
The political affairs wing of Dera devotees and representatives of all the followers of the Dera Sacha Sauda had several rounds of consultations. A consensus evolved that those who undertake good, socially productive deeds and those who stand by the Dera’s humanitarian programmes will be supported. This was a unanimous decision, and it swept that party to a win.
It was also probably the first time that you and your family voted.
The children insisted that they wanted to vote. So, on the spur of the moment, we all went to vote.
You claim that the Dera is apolitical and yet most politicians in the region come to you for blessings.
All political parties come to me, be it the Congress, BJP, BSP etc. Many politicians come to seek my blessings, but believe me, all of them get the same blessings. There is nothing like a ‘special blessing’ for a politician. I only tell them to ban alcohol, eradicate drug menace and live among the people of their constituencies. If they want my support, they should first give me an affidavit they will ensure all such things. Many politicians give me promises, but chicken out from giving affidavits.
Recently there was a controversy over a Dera branch in Kerala.
It was wrong to say we had purchased land in Kerala. There were some talks but we never bought any land. We go to various places to deliver lectures and religious discourses… people approach me. When we went to Kerala, it was shocking to see people queuing up outside liquor vends. Nobody fights with anybody for his turn there, because they know that even the last man will surely get alcohol.
What is the film in which you are starring about?
It is sugar-coated quinine. Youngsters cannot be given bitter medicine, thus we have sugarcoated the social message with entertainment. I have myself performed all the stunts in the movie. The aim was to show that if at this age, I can remain fit enough to perform such stunts, why cannot our youngsters? I do not consume alcohol and I am a complete vegetarian. Youngsters should also do the same… There is a sequence in which girls receive training in martial arts. This will deliver a strong message to all those with daughters to ensure they get martial arts training.
You claim you do not force anybody to convert from his/her religion. Yet all Dera followers suffix Insaan to their name and wear a locket with your picture in it.
We do not force anybody to change his/her religion. In continued…

Govt may set up SPV for Ken-Betwa river linking projectGovt may set up SPV for Ken-Betwa river linking project
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Taking a cue from the Polavaram Project Authority, the Centre is considering creating a special purpose vehicle for implementing the Ken-Betwa River Linking Project.
Touted as the first project to be taken up under the NDA government’s ambitious plan to interlink rivers of the country, the project envisages diversion of surplus water from the Ken basin to the water-deficit Betwa basin.
The works for it would involve the two neighbouring states of Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.
“Both the state governments have in principle given their consent for creating an SPV for the project,” a source in the Water Resources Ministry said.
Besides, the Ministry of Environment and Forests has given its nod for the holding of the Environmental Impact Assessment Study for the project, the source said.
“As part of it, a public hearing would be conducted. However, the date for the hearing has not yet been finalised,” the source said.
The project would have a dam on Ken river along with a 221-km link canal.
It is estimated that the project would provide annual irrigation for 6.35 lakh hectares and supply drinking water to 13.42 lakh people. It would also facilitate generation of 78MW hydropower in Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.
Conceived in two phases, the first phase of the project would benefit the two states, while Phase II would be confined to Madhya Pradesh.
Water Ministry sources said there are plans for implementing both phases at the same time.
The Ken-Betwa link is one of the 16 river linking proposals under the Peninsular Component of the National Perspective Plan (NPP) for water resources development for which the feasibility report was prepared by National Water Development Agency.
The Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the project was prepared in two phases, which is 2011 and early 2014, respectively.
It may be recalled that the government has created a special purpose vehicle for the Polavaram Multi-Purpose project in Andhra Pradesh.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

AP inducts PwC as facilitator for Naidu s overseas tourAP inducts PwC as facilitator for Naidu's overseas tour
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 26:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government has engaged the services of global consultancy firm PricewaterhouseCoopers for facilitation of the State delegation on a three nation tour to the Far East to attract foreign investors.
The State Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu is planning to visit China, Japan and Korea next month to invite companies and investment agencies to work with the State in developing infrastructure, including capital and smart cities and setting up of industries.
According to an order issued by the Government late on Saturday, PWC will play the role of a facilitator during Naidu's tour.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

FIIs infuse $1.5 bn so far this monthFIIs infuse $1.5 bn so far this month
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Continuing to bet big on the government’s reforms agenda, overseas investors have poured in $1.5 billion in the Indian market so far this month taking the total inflow to $35 billion since January.
The net investment by foreign investors into debt market was at Rs 12,645 crore ($2.06 billion) between October 1-22, while they pulled out Rs 3,500 crore ($570 million) from the stock market during the same period, taking the total to $1.5 billion, as per latest data.
Market analysts maintain that foreign investors (foreign institutional investors or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
Also, they anticipate inflows would continue in the coming months on slew of measures announced by the government.
The Cabinet has given the go-ahead for deregulation of diesel prices and also unveiled a new gas pricing formula. Besides, the government has promulgated an ordinance for e-auction of coal blocks.
Since the beginning of the year, net investments by overseas investors into Indian equity market stood at Rs 79,938 crore ($13.3 billion) so far this year, while the same for debt market was at Rs 1.3 lakh crore, taking the total to Rs 2.1 lakh crore ($35 billion).
Since the beginning of June, FIIs (foreign institutional investors) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator SEBI to create a new investor category called foreign portfolio investors.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of foreign investors into India to over $206 billion since 1991. In rupee terms, their investments are at Rs 10 lakh crore level during the period.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Home Ministry reverses stand on Aadhaar  lends full supportHome Ministry reverses stand on Aadhaar, lends full support
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
In a complete U-turn from its earlier stand, the Home Ministry has come out in full support of the Aadhaar scheme saying it will facilitate “anytime, anywhere, anyhow” authentication to its beneficiaries.
In a letter to all State Governments, the Home Ministry said that since one Aadhaar number is allotted only to one person, it allows universal verification of one’s identity.
Aadhaar card also enables the deprived and needy people to access services like banking facilities.
“Since Aadhaar is based on the demographic and biometric information of an individual, it eliminates the threat of any fraud and bogus activity.
“Aadhaar will provide its possessor with universal identification. (It) will facilitate ‘anytime, anywhere, anyhow’ authentication to its beneficiaries (and) be a single source of identity verification,” it said.
The ministry’s stand on Aadhaar is in complete reversal of the position taken by it under two predecessors of Rajnath Singh — Sushilkumar Shinde and P Chidambaram.
During the previous UPA regime, the Home Ministry had raised concerns over the sanctity of the Unique Identification Authority of India’s database, saying uniqueness of identity was not a necessary condition for ensuring authenticity of identity or genuineness of other entries or records of Aadhaar numbers.
The ministry had raised concerns over supporting documents submitted by people as proof of identity and proof of address for getting an Aadhaar number.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

LIVE: Khattar becomes 4th non-Jat to lead Haryana in 48yearsKhattar was sworn in as the Haryana CM in Panchkula today. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 26, 2014 10:51 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 5:58 am
Karnal MLA Manohar Lal Khattar , 60, took oath as BJP’s first-ever chief minister in Haryana in a grand ceremony on Saturday. Six MLAs were sworn-in as Cabinet ministers , while three were administered oath as Ministers of State with independent charge. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and top party leaders, including L K Advani, Amit Shah, Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh and Venkaiah Naidu, attended the ceremony, which was held in Panchkula.
Several RSS leaders as well as chief ministers of BJP-ruled states — Gujarat CM Anandiben Patel, Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje, Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and Goa CM Manohar Parrikar — also attended the event.
In pics: Narendra Modi, Amit Shah attend Khattar’s swearing-in
Haryana Governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath to the CM and the Cabinet ministers. Those inducted into Khattar’s Cabinet include Rambilas Sharma (MLA from Mahendergarh), Capt. Abhimanyu (Narnaund), Anil Vij (Ambala-Cantonment), O P Dhankar (Badli), Kavita Jain (Sonepat) and Rao Narbir Singh (Badshahpur).
Soon after taking oath, Sharma told mediapersons that the state government would order a probe into the alleged land scams that took place during the previous government in Haryana. “We shall get a sitting high court judge to probe the land scams that took place in Haryana,” he said.
The Ministers of State who were sworn in are Bikram Singh Thekedar (Kosli), Krishan Kumar (Shahbad) and Karan Dev Kamboj (Indri).
Before the ceremony began, the state government arranged for an SUV for each Cabinet minister.
A separate stage was created to accommodate the remaining BJP MLAs, and various religious and RSS leaders. An unprecedented security cover comprising more than 3,000 policemen was put in place at the venue.
Vij said that “working for the welfare of the people and ensuring inclusive development” would be the government’s top priority.
In the newly inducted Cabinet, all members except Sharma and Rao Narbir Singh are first-time ministers.
Former Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda did not attend the ceremony and claimed that he was not invited . “If I was invited, I would have thought about attending the event. But no invitation reached me,” Hooda said. However, the state government maintained that Hooda had been invited to the event.
The first meeting of the new Cabinet will be held under the chairmanship of Khattar in Haryana Civil Secretariat in Chandigarh at 11 am on Monday.
READ: Haryana govt contradicts Hooda’s claim, says he was invited to Khattar swearing-in
After taking oath, the CM and his Cabinet went to the Haryana Civil Secretariat and held a meeting with administrative secretaries of the state government.
During the meeting, Khattar said that the welfare of the people should be the ultimate aim for each of them. “Apart from continued…

Dinner invite causes heartburns in NDAUpdated: October 26, 2014 11:52 IST
Dinner invite causes heartburns in NDA
Sruthisagar Yamunan
Tweet
PMK leader Anbumani Ramadass was given theinvite by the PMO. It was open only to the NDA MPs, so MDMK leader Vaiko and DMDK leader Vijayakant were left out, says the BJP.
PMK leader Anbumani Ramadass was given theinvite by the PMO. It was open only to the NDAMPs, so MDMK leader Vaiko and DMDK leader Vijayakant were left out, says the BJP.
Things are not the same as they were when Atal Bihari Vajpayee and L.K. Advani were at the helm, feels Vaiko.
In a sign of widening fissures in the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) in Tamil Nadu, the allies of the BJP on Saturday made their displeasure open at not receiving an invite to the dinner being hosted by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Sunday.
Speaking to reporters at the Chennai Airport, MDMK general secretary Vaiko frowned at the lack of coordination among the NDA constituents after the Lok Sabha elections.
“The NDA has not been meeting since the government formation. There was a meeting for name sake before Mr. Modi’s swearing-in [in May]. We have not been called for anything else,” he said. Things were not the same as they were when Atal Bihari Vajpayee and L.K. Advani were at the helm, he said. However, he was quick to add that the MDMK remained a part of the NDA.
Sources in the DMDK said the party leader Vijayakant was also “unhappy” as it did not receive an invite, especially when another ally, PMK, got one.
The PMK MP and former Union Minister, Anbumani Ramadoss, alone was extended an invite by the Prime Minister’s Office on the day of Deepavali. But, he would not attend the dinner because of personal commitments.
BJP State president Tamilisai Soundararajan told The Hindu that the dinner was for MPs of the NDA constituents and, therefore, Mr. Vaiko and Mr. Vijayakant did not receive an invite. “This is the same for other NDA leaders,” she clarified.
‘Captain’ aims high
Meanwhile, at a meeting in Chennai of the party district secretaries on Saturday, Mr. Vijayakant said he would be the chief ministerial candidate of the party for the 2016 Assembly polls.
With both the DMK and the AIADMK facing corruption charges, the DMDK had a great opportunity to fill the political vacuum, he said.
However, he was unhappy with the “slack functioning” of many of the office-bearers ever since the Lok Sabha polls. This created a negative opinion about the party, which had to be corrected at the earliest.
Mr. Vijayakant proposed changes to the organisational structure in an attempt to reduce the number of office-bearers in the districts so that there was no confusion in implementing the instructions of the leadership.
RELATED NEWS

Make in India  focus of Sweden India Nobel Memorial WeekMake in India  focus of Sweden India Nobel Memorial Week
Manohar Lal Khattar to take oath as Haryana CM todayManohar Lal Khattar to take oath as Haryana CM today
Money spent on Swachh Bharat Clean Ganga comes under CSR ambitMoney spent on Swachh Bharat Clean Ganga comes under CSR ambit
After Chennaiyin  Dhoni Buys Stake in New Ranchi Franchise of Hockey India LeagueAfter Chennaiyin  Dhoni Buys Stake in New Ranchi Franchise of Hockey India League
Bodies Strewn In Streets  As ISIS Militants Seize Iraq VillageISIS Militants Capture Village In Iraq's Anbar From Sunni Tribe
Reuters
Updated:
10/23/2014  2:00 pm EDT
Iraqi security forces and gunmen take positions following clashes with jihadists on September 19, 2014, in Ramadi, the capital of the western province of Anbar. (AZHAR SHALLAL/AFP/Getty Images) | AZHAR SHALLAL via Getty Images
reddit
By Saif Sameer and Ned Parker
BAGHDAD, Oct 23 (Reuters) - Islamic State wrested a Sunni  Muslim village in western Iraq on Thursday from tribal defenders  who put up weeks of fierce resistance, and the insurgents  tightened a siege of the Yazidi minority on a mountain in the  north.
The attacks showed Islamic State's continued operating  resilience despite air strikes by U.S.-led coalition forces  aimed at defeating the ultra-radical Sunni jihadist group, which  has captured large expanses of Iraq and neighboring Syria,  beheaded prisoners and massacred people from other religious  communities, and declared a medieval-style caliphate.
The Albu Nimr tribe had been fending off Islamic State (IS)  since early October but finally lost the village of Zauiyat albu  Nimr in the western province of Anbar overnight on Thursday.
A small Iraqi army unit was stationed in the village but  evacuated by helicopter in the early hours of Thursday, along  with leaders from the Albu Nimr, a tribal figure from the  village told Reuters in Baghdad.
Residents said the bodies of tribal fighters and soldiers  lay strewn in the streets of Zauiyat albu Nimr on Thursday, and  the very few who survived the onslaught had been told by IS  insurgents to drop their weapons and leave.
"Islamic State are out to purge the village of Bu Nimr  members," said the tribal figure in Baghdad. "Sleeper cells  inside the village have been assisting the Islamic State by  providing the names and the locations of the houses of prominent  resistance members.
"A list of 200 names that include the high officers in our  village has been set and all of these names are to be killed."
The fall of Zauiyat albu Nimr leaves remaining areas under  government control in Anbar more vulnerable to seizure by IS,  which overran the regional city of Hit early this month.
Islamic State holds much of western Anbar and is looking to  isolate pockets of resistance, including the Ain al-Asad air  base and the Haditha Dam.
MOUNT SINJAR
U.S. President Barack Obama authorized air strikes on IS in  Iraq in August, citing the duty to prevent an impending genocide  of minority Yazidis at the hands of the jihadist insurgents who  attacked them around Sinjar Mountain.
Yazidis follow an ancient faith derived from Zoroastrianism.
IS considers the Yazidis to be devil worshippers and has  killed or captured hundreds and sold many into slavery in a  campaign to wipe out the religious minority.
The air strikes helped Kurdish regional forces stem IS  advances in northern Iraq and relieved some of the pressure on  Sinjar so that a corridor could be opened to evacuate thousands  of Yazidis from the mountain.
But Kurdish peshmerga forces have not been able to secure  Sinjar, and on Monday, IS militants renewed their assault on the  mountain in the northwest Iraq near the Syrian frontier.
Yazidi fighters on the mountain pleaded for assistance to  avert more bloodshed and said their weapons were ineffective  against armored Humvee vehicles used by Islamic State.
"The situation is really bad and it's worsening by the  minute," said Barakat, a fighter on the mountain. "We are  surrounded by IS militants from all four directions. The streets  at the foot of the mountain are completely under IS control."
Barakat said 500-600 families were stranded on the mountain  and although helicopters occasionally dropped supplies and  picked up some civilians, they could only lift a small number of  people to safety each time.
Awar, another Yazidi fighter, said there were many IS  militants on the eastern side of the mountain: "There's a strong  possibility that a large scale attack is coming tonight or  tomorrow morning."
Yazidi combatants said they were short on supplies including  food and clothing. "The fighters are holding the ground and are  putting a stop to any attempt at climbing the mountain," said a  third fighter who asked to remain unnamed. "We will stay here  and fight IS in order to protect our land and our holy shrines."     (Writing by Isabel Coles; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
Related on HuffPost:

Aditya Birla group  S. African firm form JVUpdated: October 24, 2014 23:52 IST
Aditya Birla group, S. African firm form JV
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
The joint venture will initially target the ‘ideal’ client base of 20 million in India’s larger cities, where health insurance penetration is less than three per cent. File photo: R. Ragu
TOPICS
company information
The Aditya Birla group (ABG) has announced a joint venture with a South African insurance giant to enter India’s huge health insurance market.
The financial services division of ABG has signed a memorandum of understanding with MMI holdings Ltd., in which the South African company will hold 26 per cent stake.
The stake will be upped to 49 per cent once India’s regulatory regime allows this. The transaction is subjected to execution of the respective legal agreements and obtaining the required regulatory approvals, MMI said.
“Health insurance has low penetration levels in India. Given ABFSG’s focus on building a retail presence across products, we foresee a huge potential to target the requirements of untapped customers and their families,” said Ajay Srinivasan, Chief Executive (Financial Services) of the Aditya Birla Group, in a statement.
MMI Chief Executive Officer Nicolaas Kruger said the company would initially target the ‘ideal’ client base of 20 million in India’s larger cities, where health insurance penetration was less than 3 per cent.
Mr. Kruger said MMI considered India to be an important market for its international growth strategy. With 1.3 billion rand available for acquisitions, Mr. Kruger said the company was comfortable putting in capital in line with its stake in the joint venture, but would not put a value to this deal as it was not an acquisition but a new venture.
“Each party will put in intellectual property and expertise, and we will each contribute a relative portion to the share of capital required by the joint venture,” Mr. Kruger said.
“ABG is a household name in India and a respected and trusted business group, and we are extremely pleased to enter into a partnership with them,” Mr. Kruger added.
The company had set up an office in India three years ago to look at opportunities in the rising middle-class in the country.

India signs up for Chinas Asian bankNew Delhi, October 25, 2014
Updated: October 25, 2014 03:20 IST
India signs up for China’s Asian bank
Mahim Pratap Singh
Tweet
AP
Chinese President Xi Jinping (second from right) with other leaders and guests who attended the signing ceremony of the Asian Infrastructure. Investment Bank in Beijing on Friday.
TOPICS
banking
Japan, Indonesia, South Korea and Australia keep out
China led 21 Asian nations, including India, in forming a multilateral financial front in the form of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), being seen as a challenger to the U.S.-backed Bretton Woods institutions.
India signed a memorandum of understanding, along with Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Nepal and others, as the founding member of the AIIB on Friday.
Usha Titus, Joint Secretary, Economic Affairs division of the Finance Ministry, signed the MoU on India’s behalf. With an initial subscribed capital of $50 billion, the setting up of the Beijing-headquartered AIIB has been welcomed by the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank. However, the U.S. has expressed concerns over the bank’s “ambiguous nature” and lack of “transparency.”
Reacting to the criticism, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying on Friday said “during the whole process of the AIIB, China has maintained communication and coordination with Japan, the U.S. and Indonesia and other countries.”
The 21-nation group comprises Bangladesh, Brunei, Cambodia, China, India, Kazakhstan, Kuwait, Laos, Malaysia, Mongolia, Myanmar, Nepal, Oman, Pakistan, the Philippines, Qatar, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Uzbekistan and Vietnam.
FICCI secretary-general A. Didar Singh called it a “very positive development in the sense that it opens up more borrowing opportunities.”
Kerry voices concern
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in Jakarta to attend President Joko Widodo’s inauguration ceremony on Monday, had reportedly told Australian PM Tony Abbott directly about the US’ reservations on the AIIB.
“We have concerns about the ambiguous nature of the AIIB proposal as it currently stands, that we have also expressed publicly,” Reuters quoted U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki as saying. Not everyone was optimistic about India’s potential gains from the multilateral financial partnership.
“I don’t think India stands to gain much out of the AIIB…it is unclear how it will benefit us,” eminent economist and senior fellow at the Centre for Policy research Rajiv Kumar told The Hindu.
“If India is to be part of this Chinese initiative rivalling U.S.-backed multilateral lending organisations, it should at least get some tangible benefit out of it…it should leverage its participation for some clear diplomatic or strategic gain,” Mr. Kumar said.

BRICS for a new bankUpdated: July 18, 2014 04:47 IST
BRICS for a new bank
economy, business and finance
What might have been dismissed as an impossibility just five years ago is now a reality. Defying sceptics and critics, five countries that between them account for 40 per cent of the world’s population and 20 per cent of its GDP have signed an agreement to create a development bank to provide financial assistance to developing countries and emerging market economies, mainly for infrastructure projects. As its name implies, the agreement for the New Development Bank, signed by Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa at their sixth BRICS summit in Brazil, signals the start of a new global financial order that aims to be more inclusive than the Western-focussed International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. The $100 billion bank will have an initial subscribed capital of $50 billion. The five members managed to iron out their differences to agree on an equal share for each in the bank, so no one member dominates the institution. India and South Africa both wanted to host the headquarters. The eventual decision to locate it in Shanghai was an acknowledgement that China’s is the biggest economy in the grouping. The Bank will also have an African Regional Centre in South Africa and India will assume the first presidency of the bank. First mooted at the fourth BRICS summit in New Delhi in 2012, the Bank will certainly have an impact on the existing arrangements put in place by the Bretton Woods institutions, and will give more say to smaller countries. But BRICS also appears to recognise that the NDB cannot replace the IMF, the World Bank or the regional development banks. Thus, the Fortaleza Declaration describes the NDB as a “supplement to the efforts of multilateral and regional financial institutions for global development.”
A second financial instrument, the Contingency Reserve Arrangement of $100 billion, has been set up to help developing economies tide over “short-term liquidity pressures, promote further BRICS cooperation, strengthen the global financial safety net and complement existing international arrangements.” In its sixth year, BRICS has a new confidence, and it was more than apparent at the summit. The only world grouping that is not region, security or trade-based, its members have come together with the determination to create a more multilateral global order. China and Russia have backed the other three BRICS members on the issue of UN reform and Security Council expansion. But the grouping needs to find a stronger political voice. The Declaration came in the midst of the bombardment, even if under grave provocation, of Gaza by Israel, but it is silent on this while calling for Israel and Palestine to resume negotiations towards a two-state solution.

Trinamool factions clash over panchayat control  2 killedPolice guard gutted shops at Bhangar in South 24-Parganas on Saturday. (Express)
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:57 am
In an intra-party flare-up, two TMC workers were killed at Bhangar in South 24-Parganas on Saturday. Sources said the second murder was in “retaliation” to the first one.
Two factions loyal to party’s two senior leaders, former MLA Arabul Islam and Kaizar Ahmed, respectively, on Wednesday clashed over the control of the gram panchayat in the area.
Earlier, nine of 11 TMC members of the panchayat in Baonta village brought in a “no-confidence” motion against panchayat pradhan Panchu Mondal. They wanted Soumen Nashkar of the rival faction to take over as pradhan. However, Mondal remained in the post after a stay order from the court. Mondal owes allegiance to Kaizar Ahmed while Nashkar is loyal to Islam’s faction.
According to sources, on Wednesday morning, a close associate of Nashkar was shot dead. A couple of hours later, a group of 30 armed men attacked the house of Ramesh Ghoshal, an aide of Panchu Mondal, and shot him.
Police has been deployed in the area and three people have been detained so far in connection with the murders.

MHA takes a U-turn on Aadhaar scheme  lends fullsupportPrint
Aadhar Card.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 10:33 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:54 pm
 
In a complete U-turn from its earlier stand, the Home Ministry has come out in full support of the Aadhaar scheme saying it will facilitate “anytime, anywhere, anyhow” authentication to its beneficiaries.
In a letter to all state governments, the Home Ministry said that since one Aadhaar number is allotted only to one person, it allows universal verification of one’s identity. Aadhaar card also enables the deprived and needy people to access services like banking facilities.
“Since Aadhaar is based on the demographic and biometric information of an individual, it eliminates the threat of any fraud and bogus activity.
“Aadhaar will provide its possessor with universal identification. (It) will facilitate ‘anytime, anywhere, anyhow’ authentication to its beneficiaries (and) be a single source of identity verification,” it said.
The ministry’s stand on Aadhaar is in complete reversal of the position taken by it under two predecessors of Rajnath Singh — Sushilkumar Shinde and P Chidambaram.
During the previous UPA regime, the Home Ministry had raised concerns over the sanctity of the the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI)’s database, saying uniqueness of identity was not a necessary condition for ensuring authenticity of identity or genuineness of other entries or records of Aadhaar numbers.
The ministry had raised concerns over supporting documents submitted by people as proof of identity and proof of address for getting an Aadhaar number.
In its latest letter to the state governments, the Home Ministry said that the benefits of Aadhaar are many and it can be used at multiple places to prove one’s identity very easily.
A person’s Aadhaar number can be used while opening a bank account as it meets the ‘Know Your Customer’ (KYC) norms of RBI. The card can also be used for booking tickets online, applying for passport and at many other places where there is a need to provide some proof of identity.
“Aadhaar will give migrants universal mobility of identity. The government can now provide services and facilities to people, especially in the rural areas, in a more effective manner.
“As more and more government services are going to be linked to Aadhaar, it would be of utility to have an Aadhaar card. Aadhaar will hence help the poor to take the benefits or the facilities provided to them by the government which could not be accessed by (them) earlier. Aadhaar will thus become the simplest way of proving one’s identity,” the ministry said.
Aadhaar and the National Population Register (NPR) are national identity programmes of the government of India. The former is being implemented by UIDAI and the latter by the Registrar General of India under the Home Ministry.
“Both collect biometric data covering 10 finger prints, iris scan of both eyes and a photograph. The identity and address of the resident are also identified during the enrolment process.
“Aadhaar provides a unique identity number to every resident in the country. The NPR database is sent to the UIDAI for Aadhaar de-duplication and generating Unique Identity (UID) numbers,” the Home continued…

Air India explores options to lease Airbus A-320 neos  Boeing 737 MaxAir India explores options to lease Airbus A-320 neos  Boeing 737 Max
Market capitalisation of top 8 cos surges by Rs 32 825 crMarket capitalisation of top 8 cos surges by Rs 32,825 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
The top eight most valued Indian companies together added Rs 32,825 crore in their market capitalisation (m-cap) last week, with ICICI Bank and ONGC witnessing the maximum rise in valuation.
Except Infosys and ITC, rest eight companies out of the top 10 Sensex companies saw rise in their m-cap, including TCS, RIL and CIL.
The m-cap of ICICI Bank surged Rs 8,182.5 crore to Rs 1,82,434.20 crore, while ONGC added Rs 5,347.18 crore to Rs 3,45,214.03 crore.
RIL’s valuation moved up by Rs 4,787.21 crore to Rs 3,08,241.48 crore, SBI (Rs 4,483.17 crore to Rs 1,92,791.30 crore), TCS (Rs 4,015.4 crore to Rs 4,82,904.80 crore), HDFC Bank (Rs 2,704.04 crore to Rs 2,16,443.98 crore), Sun Pharma (Rs 2,547.46 crore to Rs 1,67,790.50 crore) and CIL (Rs 757.96 crore to Rs 2,22,809.75 crore).
On the other hand, the m-cap of Infosys fell by Rs 2,759.2 crore to Rs 2,18,542.80 crore and ITC lost Rs 2,485.44 crore to Rs 2,79,723.45 crore.
In the ranking of top 10 firms, TCS stood at the top position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Nokia shows signs of turnaroundNokia shows signs of turnaround
Opinion: Can Congress bounce back from No 3Opinion: Can Congress bounce back from No 3
Opposition in slight lead over Brazilian presidentOpposition in slight lead over Brazilian president
Private firms sales growth moderated in FY13: ReportPrivate firms’ sales growth moderated in FY13: Report
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Sales of private companies in the non-financial segment moderated in 2012-13, registering 17.6 per cent growth to Rs 2.01 lakh crore, as demand fell specifically from the services sector.
In 2011-12, these companies had sales growth of 24.1 per cent at Rs 1.71 lakh crore, as per the RBI data. The data was based on 1,628 private sector companies.
“Sales ... moderated in 2012-13 due to lower increase, especially in the services sector. Both, operating expenses and value of production registered a significant decline in 2012-13,” RBI said.
Also, higher increase in operating expenses than in the value of production led to a lower growth in EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation).
EBITDA increase of most of the industries in manufacturing sector was higher in FY13 vis-is-vis the previous year except for machinery and machine tools and food product and beverages industries. In the services sector, it remained low except for computer and related activities industries, RBI said.
However, the net profit of companies was higher in FY13 than a year ago at Rs 5,562.8 crore, up 10.2 per cent.
In the previous fiscal FY12, the net profit of these companies was down by 15.8 per cent at Rs 5,050 crore.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Delhi Communal Clashes: 13 Injured  Curfew Imposed after 3 Days of ViolenceDelhi Communal Clashes: 13 Injured  Curfew Imposed after 3 Days of Violence
Telcos may raise tariffs to pay for spectrum costsTelcos may raise tariffs to pay for spectrum costs
Home Ministry will support Aashaar schemeHome Ministry will support Aashaar scheme
Dont reveal names of black money holders now: AssochamDon’t reveal names of black money holders now: Assocham
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Amid a growing clamour for naming of alleged black money holders, industry body Assocham today said the Government should not prematurely disclose the names of such persons as it could hamper battle against this menace.
“The double taxation avoidance treaties are important for the Indian residents and corporates which can avoid paying taxes twice. Revealing the names of individuals allegedly holding unaccounted money can make to headlines but will surely make India’s battle against the menace weak. Besides, violation of DTATs will deal a severe blow to the country’s credibility,” it said in a statement.
“If names are placed in public domain and those named finally do not get convicted, there would be immense damage to the reputation of the individuals or entities ... Impression should not be given as if there is a wild goose chase which can harm the entire jurisprudence,” it said.
It also appealed to the different political parties to see reason while exerting pressure on the government to disclose classified information about individuals or entities relating to their alleged illegal accounts abroad.
“The best course would be to bring in systemic changes so that the premium on black money is diminished and with the help of technology, transparency is taxation becomes order of the day,” it added.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said that the name of persons would be disclosed as and when the cases are filed in the court.
The government, Jaitley has said in his Facebook post, “stands committed to detect the names, prosecuting the guilty and making them public. We are not going to be pushed into an act of adventurism where we violate the treaties and then plead that we are no longer able to get the cooperation of reciprocating states...”
Appreciating Jaitley’s stand on black money issue, the chamber said it is sensible to respect the double taxation agreements as ‘adventurism’ could weaken India’s resolve to fight the menace.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Prime Minister to inaugurate Sir H N Reliance HospitalUpdated: October 17, 2014 23:35 IST
Prime Minister to inaugurate Sir H N Reliance Hospital
Special Correspondent
hospital and clinic
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate Sir H N Reliance Foundation Hospital & Research Centre here on October 25, Reliance Foundation said on Friday.
Mr. Modi on Thursday accepted an invitation from Reliance Foundation chairperson Nita Ambani and her son Anant Ambani to inaugurate the hospital, which was set up in 1925 and was Mumbai’s first general hospital.
Located in the heart of South Mumbai, the hospital in its 90th year has been completely rebuilt by Reliance Foundation, led by its Chairperson Ms. Nita Ambani into a modern 19-storey tower and two heritage wings.
The hospital has collaboration with John Hopkins, MD Anderson Cancer Centre, Massachusetts General Hospital and the University of Southern California. It has all modern facilities.
The general wards of the hospital will have the same level of treatment for the citizens at the bottom of the pyramid. The hospital has an outreach program that now covers over 3.10 lakh individuals in the vicinity, providing preventive and primary healthcare on a digital platform virtually free of costs, Reliance Foundation said.

BJP  Congress yet to submit poll expenditure details: ADRBJP, Congress yet to submit poll expenditure details: ADR
Aditi Nigam
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 24:  
Way past the deadline of August 14, the two major national parties -- Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Indian National Congress (INC) -- have failed to submit the details of their poll expenditure during the 2014 Lok Sabha elections to the Election Commission (EC) despite several reminders, according to the Association of Democratic Reforms (ADR), a non-profit body.
According to the EC, all recognised political parties need to submit their expenditure details within 90 days of the declaration of results. As the results of the Lok Sabha elections were declared on May 16, 2014, the parties should have filed their expenditure statements on or before August 14, ADR said in a release.
The EC’s stipulation follows a Supreme Court judgment regarding submission of election expenditure statements by political parties, which states that “…the political parties shall submit to the Election Commission, for its scrutiny, the details of the expenditure incurred or authorised by the parties in connection with the election of their respective candidates.”
Among regional parties, only 24 out of 49 parties had submitted their Lok Sabha election expenditure statements at the time of this release, ADR said, adding that for greater financial transparency, “it is equally important to file the same within the time limit set by the ECI and endorsed by the Supreme Court of India.”
As per a note on the EC’s Web site, dated September 8, 2014, Congress, BJP and Communist Party of India were the three defaulting national parties along with 46 regional parties, for which notices had been issued to all.
As per the EC’s requirement, all political parties need to submit the details of the total amount received as funds in the form of cash, cheques and demand drafts, and the amount spent at the central, state, district and constituency levels by a party on propaganda, travel expenses, publicity expenses and other expenses.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Think tank set up to draft national IPR policyNew Delhi, October 24, 2014
Updated: October 25, 2014 00:09 IST
Think tank set up to draft national IPR policy
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
Former Judge of Madras High Court Prabha Sridevan will lead a six-member think tank to draft the National Intellectual Property Rights Policy. A file photo: M.Vedhan.
TOPICS
international economic institution
The panel will identify areas in IPRs where study needs to be conducted
The Commerce and Industry Ministry on Friday constituted a six-member think tank to draft the National Intellectual Property Rights (IPRs) policy.
The panel, to be chaired by retired Justice Prabha Sridevan, will identifies areas in IPRs where study needs to be conducted and furnish recommendations in this regard to the Ministry, an official statement said. The expert group, set up by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP), will also advise the government on best practices to be followed in trademark offices, patent offices and other government offices dealing with IPRs to create an efficient and transparent system of functioning in the said offices.
As per the terms of reference, it would provide views on the possible implications of demands placed by the negotiating partners and prepare periodic reports on best practice followed in foreign countries.
It will keep the government regularly informed of the developments taking place in IPR cases, which have an impact upon India’s IPR policy, it said. The statement further said that it will examine the current issues raised by industry associations and those that may have appeared in media and to give suggestions to the Ministry on such issues.
Other members of the expert panel are: Pratibha M. Singh, Senior advocate; Punita Bhargava, advocate; Unnat Pandit, Cadila Pharmaceuticals; Rajeev Srinivasan, director, Asian School of Business; and Narendra K Sabarwal, retired DDG, World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO).
The decision assumes significance as the Obama administration in the recent times has been strongly criticising India’s investment climate and IPR laws, especially in the pharmaceuticals and the solar sectors.
The panel would also give suggestions on the steps that may be taken for improving infrastructure in intellectual property offices and tribunals, it said. It will also highlight anomalies in the present IPR legislations and to advice possible solutions to the Ministry.

Cuttack gets first Sri Lanka ODI  Ranchi lastMore
Cuttack gets first Sri Lanka ODI, Ranchi last
SLC had agreed to step in when West Indies pulled out of their India tour after the fourth ODI in Dharamsala.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Sat 25 Oct, 2014 12:32 PM IST
Tweet
0
A top view of the Barabati Stadium in Cuttack. (BCCI Photo)Cuttack will host the first ODI between India and Sri Lanka on November 2 while Ranchi will host the fifth and final game on November 16, according to the schedule released by Sri Lanka Cricket.
Ahmedabad, Hyderabad and Kolkata will host the second, third and fourth ODIs on November 6, 9 and 13. All the five matches will be day-night. The Sri Lanka team will begin the tour in Mumbai on October 30 with a practice day game against India A at Brabourne Stadium. They will be back in Colombo on November 18.
SLC had agreed to step in when West Indies pulled out of their India tour after the fourth ODI in Dharamsala. In return, the BCCI agreed to tour Sri Lanka in July-August 2015. Sri Lanka were scheduled to tour India for Tests next year, but the BCCI accepted SLC's proposal of swapping countries for that trip.
Cuttack was scheduled to host the only T20 international against West Indies while Kolkata had been allotted the fifth ODI to celebrate 150 years of Eden Gardens. Hyderabad, Bangalore and Ahmedabad were to host the three Tests against West Indies. While two of those Test venues were accommodated with an ODI each against Sri Lanka, Ranchi was preferred over Bangalore for the remaining slot. The BCCI follows separate rotation systems for ODIs and Tests.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Brazil elections:  Ghosts of the past  versus  Monsters of the presentBrazilian voters electing a new president this weekend are being asked to decide what scares them least.
By: Associated Press | Rio De Janeiro | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:58 am
Brazilian voters electing a new president this weekend are being asked to decide what scares them least: the incumbent’s warnings about the “ghosts of the past,” or her challenger’s charges about the “monsters of the present.”
The latest polls give left-leaning incumbent Dilma Rousseff a slight edge in Sunday’s runoff vote to lead the world’s fifth-largest nation. But few people are counting out center-right challenger Aecio Neves after a topsy-turvy campaign that has been the most competitive, divisive and dramatic since Brazil’s return to democracy in 1985.
“The country is divided in two, with half feeling that social inclusion and protections are what matter most, and the other half believing that macroeconomic stability is more important,” said Carlos Pereira, a political analyst at the Gertulio Vargas Foundation, Brazil’s leading think tank. “The candidate who convinces voters he or she is best prepared to combine these two beliefs and make them complementary will win Sunday’s election.”
The race turned dramatic after Eduardo Campos, a main opposition candidate, was killed when his campaign plane crashed in August. His running mate, renowned environmentalist Marina Silva, was thrust into his spot, and she immediately jumped to a double-digit lead over Rousseff and Neves.
Silva initially tapped into the discontent over poor public services that millions of Brazilians expressed in anti-government protests last year, but her campaign never found its feet and voters drifted away within weeks. That opened the gap for Neves to stage his surprisingly strong showing in the Oct. 5 first-round vote, coming in second and forcing Rousseff into a runoff when her first-place finish didn’t get an absolute majority.
The campaigns hit fever pitch in the three weeks since, with the Workers’ Party that’s been in power for 12 years and Neves’ Social Democracy Party that last held the presidency in 1995-2003 battling it out with no shortage of verbal jabs and nasty allegations.
Rousseff attacked her rival with campaign ads asking Brazilians to remember the “ghosts of the past” when Neves’ party ruled, with much of the nation mired in poverty, unemployment rife, and consumers crippled by hyperinflation. The incumbent has emphasized the deep social gains made under the Workers’ Party, whose expansive social welfare programs helped yank millions out of poverty and into the middle class and have kept unemployment at historic lows.
Neves urged voters to look at “monsters of the present,” including an economic recession, inflation that’s floated above the government’s 6.5 percent target, and allegations that the Workers’ Party was involved in an apparent decade-long, billion-dollar kickback scheme at state-run oil company Petrobras.
On Saturday, Rousseff headed to southern Brazil, where she began her career as a bureaucrat, to rally supporters and again denounce the accusations of corruption. Neves spent his last day campaigning in the swing state of Minas continued…

Farm  services fuel states GDP growth  not factoriesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Farm  services fuel states GDP growth  not factoriesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ministry of Home Affairs reverses stand on Aadhaar  lends full supportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Prohibitory orders clamped after communal clashes in east DelhiProhibitory orders clamped after communal clashes in east Delhi
Assam bus crash: Nine killed  24 injured as bus falls in ditch in NagaondistrictNagoan: Poilice and villagers stand near a damaged bus which met with an accident at the Uluwani area near Koliabor in Nagaon some of 220 km east of Guwahati on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Assam | Posted: October 27, 2014 2:07 am
At least nine persons were killed – five of them women – and 26 others injured when a night bus run by the Assam State Transport Corporation (ASTC) went off the highway and fell into a small river in Nagaon district in central Assam late last night.
Nagaon district SP Arabinda Kalita said the ill-fated bus was on its way from North Lakhimpur in eastern Assam to Guwahati when the accident occurred. Majority of the passengers were on their way to catch a train in Guwahati today morning en route to Lucknow and other places for visiting some places of pilgrimage.
An injured being shifted to Guwahati Medical College Hospital (GMCH) after a bus accident at Nagaon in Assam in Guwahati on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
“The bus which had also picked up some other passengers on the way must have lost control following which it hit the railings of a bridge and fell into a small river. While eight persons had died on the spot, one person died on being shifted to a hospital,” SP Kalita said. The accident occurred at village Uluwoni under Kaliabor police station at around 1:30 AM, after having traveled about two kilometers after crossing the Kaliabhomora bridge on the Brahmaputra.
Eight of the dead have been identified as Pranita Dutta, Jogen Barua, Padumi Barua, Nila Bora, Dhanada Saikia, Kusha Gogoi (driver), Ananda Bora and his wife Nilima Bora. While 26 others who were rescued by local villagers and sent to local hospitals at Kaliabor and Nagaon, 10 of them were later shifted to Guwahati Medical College Hospital here.
Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi, who is currently in New Delhi, has ordered an inquiry to be conducted by the secretary of the state transport department. The state government also announced ex-gratia to the next of kin of those killed and announced free treatment to those who sustained injuries.
 

US strikes pound jihadists as Iraq Kurds prepare to joinfightPrint
Birds fly as smoke rises over the town of Kobani following airstrikes by the US led coalition seen from the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border, Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda)
By: Associated Press | Mursitpinar | Posted: October 26, 2014 11:48 am
US-led warplanes have bombarded the Islamic State group with new air strikes as heavily armed Iraqi Kurdish fighters were on Sunday readying to reinforce the besieged Syrian border town of Kobane. Kurdish forces, backed by US air power, have been holding out for weeks against an IS offensive around Kobane, which has become a high-profile symbol of efforts to stop the advance of the jihadists.
The Kurdish regional government in northern Iraq unveiled plans on Friday for up to 200 well-trained peshmerga to join Syrian Kurdish forces defending Kobane in the coming week. Kurdish news agency Rudaw said the first contingent could head to the town as early today, but there was no immediate confirmation of that timetable. Since Turkey conceded to US pressure to allow vetted reinforcements into Kobane to prevent IS winning the prominent battle for the town, the jihadists have made repeated attempts to cut the border before any help can arrive.
People herd a flock of sheep backdropped by the Syrian city of Kobani engulfed in smoke, following airstrikes by the US led coalition on the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border, Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda)
Before dawn yesterday, IS fighters hit Kurdish forces defending the Syrian side of the border crossing with mortar and heavy machinegun fire, an AFP correspondent on the Turkish side reported. The heavy mortar fire around the Mursitpinar crossing prompted the Turkish army to order the evacuation of nearby hilltops from where the world’s press has been watching the battle for the town.
The US-led military coalition fighting IS launched 22 air strikes in Iraq and one in Syria on Friday and Saturday, the Pentagon said. Eleven of the bombings in the heavy barrage targeted IS units, buildings, positions and vehicles near Iraq’s strategic Mosul Dam. Kurdish forces backed by US air strikes yesterday retook the town of Zumar northwest of Mosul from IS after weeks of fighting, a senior officer said.
Smoke rises during fighting in Kobani, seen from the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border, Saturday, Oct. 25, 2014. Kobani, also known as Ayn Arab, and its surrounding areas, has been under assault by extremists of the Islamic State group since mid-September and is being defended by Kurdish fighters. (AP continued…

Manohar Lal Khattar becomes fourth non-Jat to lead Haryana in 48yearsKhattar was sworn in as the Haryana CM in Panchkula today. (Express photo by Jaipal Singh)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: October 26, 2014 10:51 am | Updated: October 27, 2014 5:58 am
Karnal MLA Manohar Lal Khattar , 60, took oath as BJP’s first-ever chief minister in Haryana in a grand ceremony on Saturday. Six MLAs were sworn-in as Cabinet ministers , while three were administered oath as Ministers of State with independent charge. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and top party leaders, including L K Advani, Amit Shah, Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh and Venkaiah Naidu, attended the ceremony, which was held in Panchkula.
Several RSS leaders as well as chief ministers of BJP-ruled states — Gujarat CM Anandiben Patel, Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje, Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Punjab CM Parkash Singh Badal and Goa CM Manohar Parrikar — also attended the event.
In pics: Narendra Modi, Amit Shah attend Khattar’s swearing-in
Haryana Governor Kaptan Singh Solanki administered the oath to the CM and the Cabinet ministers. Those inducted into Khattar’s Cabinet include Rambilas Sharma (MLA from Mahendergarh), Capt. Abhimanyu (Narnaund), Anil Vij (Ambala-Cantonment), O P Dhankar (Badli), Kavita Jain (Sonepat) and Rao Narbir Singh (Badshahpur).
Soon after taking oath, Sharma told mediapersons that the state government would order a probe into the alleged land scams that took place during the previous government in Haryana. “We shall get a sitting high court judge to probe the land scams that took place in Haryana,” he said.
The Ministers of State who were sworn in are Bikram Singh Thekedar (Kosli), Krishan Kumar (Shahbad) and Karan Dev Kamboj (Indri).
Before the ceremony began, the state government arranged for an SUV for each Cabinet minister.
A separate stage was created to accommodate the remaining BJP MLAs, and various religious and RSS leaders. An unprecedented security cover comprising more than 3,000 policemen was put in place at the venue.
Vij said that “working for the welfare of the people and ensuring inclusive development” would be the government’s top priority.
In the newly inducted Cabinet, all members except Sharma and Rao Narbir Singh are first-time ministers.
Former Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda did not attend the ceremony and claimed that he was not invited . “If I was invited, I would have thought about attending the event. But no invitation reached me,” Hooda said. However, the state government maintained that Hooda had been invited to the event.
The first meeting of the new Cabinet will be held under the chairmanship of Khattar in Haryana Civil Secretariat in Chandigarh at 11 am on Monday.
READ: Haryana govt contradicts Hooda’s claim, says he was invited to Khattar swearing-in
After taking oath, the CM and his Cabinet went to the Haryana Civil Secretariat and held a meeting with administrative secretaries of the state government.
During the meeting, Khattar said that the welfare of the people should be the ultimate aim for each of them. “Apart from continued…

Haryana s first BJP chief minister sworn-inHaryana s first BJP chief minister sworn-in
FPI inflows hit $1.5 billion in October; reach $35 billion so for this yearFPI inflows hit $1.5 billion in October; reach $35 billion so for this year
FDI in services sector dips 9% to $1.08 bn in April-AugustFDI in services sector dips 9% to $1.08 bn in April-August
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Foreign direct investment in the services sector dipped 9 per cent to $1.08 billion during April-August this fiscal.
The services sector, which includes banking, insurance, outsourcing, R&D, courier and technology testing, had received FDI worth $1.19 billion during the first five months of the previous fiscal, 2013-14, according to the data by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion.
The services sector contributes over 60 per cent to India’s GDP. In 2013-14, foreign investment in the sector fell to $2.2 billion from $4.83 billion in 2012-13.
Due to decline in important sectors like services, overall foreign inflows have dipped about 10 per cent in August.
The other sectors, which have recorded decline in foreign investment during the first five months of this financial year, include construction, pharmaceuticals, automobile and metallurgical industries.
Foreign investments are considered crucial for India, which needs around $1 trillion over five years (2012-17) to overhaul its infrastructure sector such as ports, airports and highways to boost growth.
Decline in foreign investments could put pressure on the country’s balance of payments and may also impact the value of the rupee.
On October 22, the Indian rupee had closed at 61.27 against the US dollar.
The government is taking steps to boost inflows into the services sector and has decided to raise the FDI limit to 49 per cent in the insurance sector from the current level of 26 per cent.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Coal unions to meet on Oct 31 against de-nationalisationCoal unions to meet on Oct 31 against de-nationalisation
PTI
Tweet
Kolkata, Oct 26:  
Steering committees of five central coal sector trade unions are meeting on October 31 for the next course of action for the proposed de-nationalisation of the sector.
“The steering committee of 5 CTUs will meet on October 31 at Ranchi to decide future course of action to combat the proposed gradual de-nationalisation of coal mines by way of allowing commercial mining by private sector,” Indian National Mine Workers’ Federation Secretary-General S Q Zama told PTI.
He said under no circumstances the unions will compromise on allowing commercial mining by private sector which is nothing but de-nationalisation of coal sector.
“We will put our all strength and do whatever is needed, including long-term strikes,” Zama said.
He said that along with other issues, he will also try to build a consensus on not allowing private sector executives for the race for the post of chairman.
According to sources, the government might conduct the interview on November 18. The last date for application is October 29 and so far three candidates have sent their applications.
These include R Mohan Das, Director-Personnel and Industrial Relations, N Kumar, Director-Technical from CIL and Gopal Singh, CMD of CIL subsidiary Central Coalfields.
There is no information about any private sector applicant for the post.
The CIL chairman’s post has been lying vacant since the retirement of S Narsing Rao in May and is currently managed by the Additional Secretary in the coal ministry A K Dubey.
The Prime Minister’s Office has directed the Coal Ministry to set up a search-cum-selection committee to choose the candidate and carry out the appointment process through the Public Enterprise Selection Board (PSEB).
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

FPI inflows hit $1.5 bn in Oct; reaches $35 bn so far this yrFPI inflows hit $1.5 bn in Oct; reaches $35 bn so far this yr
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 26 2014, 12:01  IST
Oct 26 2014, 12:01  IST
 

Air travellers  body questions non-existent low fare offers by airlinesUpdated: October 26, 2014 13:24 IST
Air travellers' body questions ‘non-existent’ low fare offers
PTI
Tweet
AP
The association sought to know as to what action the regulator intends to take against the carriers on the issue.
TOPICS
air transport
Apex air travellers’ association, Air Passengers Association of India (APAI) on Sunday questioned the frequent “special fare” offers by domestic carriers and termed them as “non-existent”, even as it urged the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) not to allow such schemes.
The association, in a communication to the DGCA, also sought to know as to what action the regulator intends to take against the carriers on the issue.
“We strongly believe that the DGCA must put an end to this practice of offering ridiculously low fares which are non-existent and are not really available to the passenger,” APAI president D. Sidhakara Reddy said.
Domestic carriers, incuding SpiceJet and Jet Airways , have been rolling out limited period “special sale” offers in the last few weeks.
“We have received several complaints that the passengers do not get access to the airline’s portal and if they are able to do so and look for the advertised (special) fare for a particular sector, it shows sold out, whereas most of the other types of fares are only available for bookings,” Mr. Reddy alleged.
Pointing out that it become a routine practice by all the airlines to announce such schemes almost once in 10-15 days, APAI said: “the airlines seem to be doing this with certain objectives in mind as it gives them tremendous publicity at no cost.”
The association has also sought to know from the regulator whether the carriers do inform of the percentage of seats they offer under the special fare as they are supposed to file their fares with DGCA, indicating the quantum allocated under each type of fare offered by them under the bucket pricing method.
“If they are not then what action do you propose (to take) for not following the procedure?,” Mr. Reddy questioned in his communication.
APAI will explore the RTI route if the DGCA did not respond to its communication, Mr. Reddy added in his communication.

J.P. Agarwal targets Modi Govt. for not conducting polls in DelhiJ.P. Agarwal targets Modi Govt. for not conducting polls in Delhi
India among the biggest growth drivers for EricssonIndia among the biggest growth drivers for Ericsson
Government may unveil new Planning body before Winter SessionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian portfolio manager sentenced to 2 years  probation in USE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How Hrithik Roshan s  Bang Bang  and many others added money power  box office collections apartHow Hrithik Roshan's 'Bang Bang', others ratcheted up their money power, apart from box office collections
Geety Sahgal | Mumbai | Updated:  Oct 27 2014, 08:34  IST
Oct 27 2014, 08:34  IST
 

Delhi s Trilokpuri tense but no fresh clashes reportedDelhi s Trilokpuri tense but no fresh clashes reported
Oil Minister to overhaul exploration policy: Dharmendra PradhanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Marriott International to expand footprint in IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Marriott International to expand footprint in India
PTI
To hire 10,000 more by 2018
Mumbai, Oct 26:  
Hospitality major Marriott International plans to further expand its footprint in the country with an additional 49 hotels, which will take the total operational properties to around 70 by 2018, a senior company executive said.
“We are in India since last 15 years and currently have 25 operating hotels under our various brands. We have another 49 properties in pipeline that are under various stages of construction.
“Every year, we sign new contracts and are expecting 60-70 operating hotels in India by 2017-2018,” Marriott International Area Vice President, South Asia, Rajeev Menon told PTI here.
Marriott International, which primarily follows the management contract model, has seven operating brands in India representing luxury to upper mid scale category.
“These seven brands fairly fulfil the necessity in the country. However, we will continue to access opportunity in India to launch additional brands here,” he added.
In India, Marriott International currently operates brands like JW Marriott, Courtyard by Marriott, Marriott Hotels, Fairfield by Marriott, Marriott Executive Apartments, Renaissance Hotels and The Ritz Carlton.
The hospitality major, which currently employs about 6,500 in India is also planning to hire 10,000 more for all levels by 2018, Menon said.
“We have the largest pipeline in the industry and with this expansion we will also need more manpower. We are looking at hiring about an additional 10,000 workforce by 2018,” he added.
Of the seven brands, Courtyard by Marriott and Fairfield have huge potential in the country as they can expand anywhere, especially in tier II and III cities.
“We see opportunity for our two brands — Courtyard by Marriott and Fairfield — to grow aggressively in the country.
They have locational advantage as they can be opened anywhere like tier II and III cities,” he pointed out.
At present, there are 11 properties under the Courtyard by Marriott brand and another 19 are under construction, he said.
The U.S.-headquartered Marriott International has more than 4,000 properties (managed and franchised properties) over 20 brands around the world.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

AP officials asked to prepare report on Hudhud lossesAP officials asked to prepare report on Hudhud losses
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 26:  
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu has ordered the officials of the Revenue Department to prepare a detailed report on the losses caused by the devastating Hudhud cyclone.
He has asked them to complete the survey in three days and send it to the Union Government in three days. He has also directed them to factor in the losses in the report to be submitted to the 14th Finance Commission.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Mutual Fund investments in IT stocks hit all-time high in SeptemberE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Afghanistan Home Minister indirectly blames Pakistan for terror surgeAfghanistan Home Minister indirectly blames Pakistan for terror surge
Brazil votes in tight presidential runoff split along class linesBrazil votes in tight presidential runoff split along class lines
Electrolux targets Rs 500 cr sales from small appliances by FY17Electrolux targets Rs 500 cr sales from small appliances by FY17
IRDA favours lifting cap on agent fees’IRDA favours lifting cap on agent fees’
PTI
THE HINDU IRDA is of the view that a flexible commission framework will make agents more productive and help deepen insurance penetration.
Mumbai, Oct 26:  
Sectoral regulator IRDA is expected to suggest to a high-level panel that the new Insurance Bill remove the existing 40 per cent cap on agency commission and leave agent licensing process to insurers themselves.
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) chairman T S Vijayan is slated to meet members of Parliamentary panel on Insurance Law (Amendment) Bill here on Monday, said a source.
The Bill is likely to be tabled in the winter session.
The regulator is likely to suggest that the agent licensing process, which is currently handled by IRDA, be handed over to insurers. Currently, after training and examination, the IRDA grants licence to an agent.
Also, the regulator wants the new law to let insurers fix the agency commission on their own. Currently, the law does not allow an insurer to pay more than 40 per cent of the first-year premium to the agents as commission.
Sources said the regulator is of the view that a flexible commission framework will make agents more productive and help deepen insurance penetration, which is only 3.2 per cent now.
There were 21.5 lakh life insurance agents at the end of the September quarter. In FY11, there were 26 lakh, which has been steadily declining ever since the commission was capped at 40 per cent. Since the beginning of this fiscal alone, there was a decline of 40,000 agents from 21.9 lakh at the end of the last fiscal.
The decline started after SEBI banned life insurers from selling unit-linked insurance products in June 2010.
The insurance industry has been demanding hiking agency fees for long as it would help them organise their agency force better.
“Agents are responsible for bringing in over 90 per cent of business to the life insurance industry. But they do not find their job attractive now with the 40 per cent of first year premium as their commission,” Life Insurance Council secretary general V Manickam said.
“Hence, the industry has been demanding that the provisions governing licensing and commission in the Act must be transferred to IRDA so that the regulator has the flexibility to allow insurers to fix remuneration to their agents of their own,” he added.
Since an agent can sell policies of only one company that one is associated with, there is no sense in not allowing an insurance company to issue licence to them, he added.
The source said all the three IRDA members and few other senior officials will be present during the interaction with the MP. The meeting is likely to be attended by the house panel chairman and BJP MP Chandan Mitra.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

M&A deals touch $4.7 bn in July-SeptM&A deals touch $4.7 bn in July-Sept
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Total value of mergers and acquisitions involving Indian companies touched $4.7 billion in July-September quarter of 2014, while most of the transactions were on the domestic front.
Global consultancy EY today said M&A activities involving Indian companies are anticipated to gain traction over the coming months on the back of a relatively stable political scenario.
In the July-September quarter, the total value of such M&A deals touched $4.7 billion spread across 203 transactions.
“The technology sector dominated the M&A league tables, accounting for 27 deals that reflect a strong focus on services and solutions around healthcare IT,” EY said in a statement.
However, in terms of value, it was lower than $5.4 billion seen during the 2013 September quarter even as the number of deals was less at 167.
On a comparative basis, the decline in overall value of transactions “attributable to one mega deal of $2.6 billion in Q3 2013 by ONGC Videsh of a ten per cent stake in Mozambique’s Rovuma 1 offshore block,” the statement said.
According to EY, if that deal is excluded, the latest September quarter registered an increase of 71 per cent in deal value compared to the year-ago period.
“M&A activity is expected to gather traction over the next few months owing to rising investor confidence that is being fuelled by a relatively stable political scenario,” Amit Khandelwal, Partner and National Director (Transaction Advisory Services) at EY, said.
Among the 203 M&A deals seen in 2014 September quarter, as many as 124 transactions worth around $2.4 billion were on the domestic front.
The total value of such deals touched $1 billion in the three months ended September 2013 and at that time, their count stood at 101.
“This increase in domestic deal activity was due to large number of acquisitions done by Indian companies domestically to drive exponential growth,” EY said.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Tata Motors raises $750 m from bond saleHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Motors raises $750 m from bond sale
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 26:  
The country’s largest auto maker Tata Motors has raised $750 million from Asian and European investors by selling a dual tranche bond issue which got an over subscription of six times at $4.5 billion.
The company has priced the 5.5-year benchmark senior unsecured notes of $500 million at 4.625 per cent, while the coupon for the 10-year $250 million notes is fixed at 5.750 per cent per annum.
It had sold $300 million worth bonds in April at a coupon of 5.53 per cent for a five-year money, indicating better operating environment for the company.
The proceeds from the issue will be used to refinance external commercial borrowings, capital expenditure and for general corporate purposes, the company said in a statement.
“We are pleased to have completed this transaction successfully and we thank the investors for demonstrating their confidence in us,” said Vijay Somaiya, vice-president for finance and head of treasury & investor relations at Tata Motors.
Global rating agency Standard & Poors has assigned BB long-term issue rating to the issue while highlighting Tata Motors’ increased dependence on JLR, while rival Moody’s has assigned Ba2 to the notes with a stable outlook.
“The ratings on Tata Motors reflect the company’s small size and narrow product suite compared with many global peers’, and its likely negative free operating cash flows because of high capital expenditure. JLR’s established and improving market position in the global premium automotive segment and its strong operating performance temper these weaknesses,” S&P said.
S&P further said it believes that the good operating performance of JLR, if sustained, can improve its consolidated financial strength.
Moody’s also based the ratings to the continuing good show by its British arm JLR which has contributed over 90 per cent of group operating profit in FY14. “The phenomenal success of JLR continues to buy time for Tata Motors’ weak domestic operations to turn around, and these are now showing some improvement.”
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

PE investments touch $8.4 bn during Jan-SeptPE investments touch $8.4 bn during Jan-Sept
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Private equity investments in the first nine months of this year have reached $8.4 billion against $7.8 billion in the corresponding period a year ago, says a Grant Thornton report.
According to the assurance, tax and advisory firm, there has been a clear upswing in PE deal activity in the nine-month period ended September 2014, both in terms of value as well as volume, indicating a revival in investment climate.
PE investment so far in 2014 stood higher at $8.4 billion against $7.8 billion in 2013, with 38 per cent higher volumes in 2014 compared with 2013, led by the technology sector.
“We expect valuations to go up given the renewed business sentiments which in our view, would be both a challenge and an opportunity for dealmakers to close deals in the coming quarters,” Grant Thornton India Partner Raja Lahiri said.
“We believe that this momentum of deal activity will continue to increase and we look forward to closing the year on a high note,” Lahiri added.
In the third quarter of this year, there were several big ticket deals. There were as many as 15 investments over $50 million each, including two over $100 million and $one billion investment, the report said.
In the third quarter of 2013, there were only nine investments worth over $50 million each.
The report noted that there was significant uptrend in the M&A and PE deal activity with $36 billion worth of deals in the nine-month period ended September 2014, the best since 2012.
“While the year began on a rather cautionary note, the deal pace started picking up in the months closer to the elections and the momentum kept increasing thereafter, signalling positive vibes for the months and quarters to come,” Lahiri added.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Poor health systems in Asia cause for EbolaalarmThe world's largest outbreak of Ebola has killed 3,865 people out of 8,033 infected so far this year, according to the WHO's latest count.
By: Associated Press | Singapore | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:57 pm
The longer the Ebola outbreak rages in West Africa, the greater chance a traveler infected with the virus touches down in an Asian city.
How quickly any case is detected _ and the measures taken once it is _ will determine whether the virus takes hold in a region where billions live in poverty and public health systems are often very weak. Governments are ramping up response plans, stepping up surveillance at airports and considering quarantine measures. Still, health experts in the region’s less developed countries fear any outbreak would be deadly and hard to contain.
“This is a non-treatable disease with a very high mortality rate. And even a country like the United States has not been able to completely prevent it,” said Yatin Mehta, a critical care specialist at the Medanta Medicity hospital near New Delhi. “The government is trying. They are preparing and they are training, but our record of disaster management has been very poor in the past.”
More than 10,000 people have been infected with Ebola and nearly half of them have died, according to the World Health Organization. The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is the largest ever outbreak of the disease with a rapidly rising death toll in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. There have also been cases in three other West African countries, Spain and the United States.
Early symptoms of Ebola include fever, headache, body aches, cough, stomach pain, vomiting, and diarrhea, and patients aren’t contagious until those begin. The virus requires close contact with body fluids to spread so health care workers and family members caring for loved ones are most at risk.
Asia, home to 60 percent of the world’s population, scores higher than West Africa on most development indexes and includes emerging or developed countries like Singapore, Malaysia, South Korea and Japan. But countries like India, China, the Philippines and Indonesia have vast numbers of poor, many of whom live in crowded slums, and underfunded health systems.
The Philippine government estimates there are up to 1,700 Filipino workers in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, plus more than 100 peacekeeping troops in Liberia. The Department of Health is suggesting a 21-day quarantine period before its citizens leave those three countries, but doesn’t know how it will pay for that, said spokesman Lyndon Lee Suy.
“The DOH is doing its part, but it is downstream, it is on the receiving end,” said Dr. Antony Leachon, president of the Philippine College of Physicians.  “What is important is that Ebola shouldn’t be able to enter. Since we have 10 million migrant workers, we have problems containing that.”
Indonesia has put 100 hospitals that have experience of treating patients suffering continued…

Hospital maid raped by hospital owner kin friendPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:52 pm
A private hospital maid was allegedly raped the hospital owner’s nephew and his friend at Jakkanpur, Patna. Both the accused were arrested late on Saturday evening.
The incident took place on intervening night of Friday and Saturday when Dharmendra Yadav, who has several criminal cases against him and had been out on bail, reached City Hospital at New Bypass Road under Jakkanpur police station at around 11 pm on Friday.
Dharmendra, who was accompanied by his friend Mukesh Yadav, faked illness and enaged a hospital room. A 30-year-old hospital maid, only woman employee on duty, was forcibly taken by the two to operation theater, but left the room saying CCTV installed there. The maid was taken to another room where she was allegedly raped by the two. No hospital staff came to the woman’s rescue and local police was also not informed by the hospital authorities. The hospital is owned by uncle of Dharmendra Yadav, a resident of Vigrahpur, Jakkanpur.
The maid was later taken in a vehicle by the two to different parts of the state capital. Though there was no formal complaint by the hospital, the police learnt about the incident on Saturday by a hospital employee who did not reveal his identity to the police.
The accused had left the victim at Ramlakhan Path in Jakkanpur and had escaped after parking his vehicle at his Vigrahpur house..
Patna Senior Superintendent of Police Jitendra Rana said: “We cracked the case within a few hours of learning about the incident. We arrested Dharmendra and Mukesh from Mithapur when they were trying to flee Patna. We have collected CCTV footage and sent FSL team the hospital”. The police has been also questioning hospital employees.

Haryana will witness clean  effective administration under Khattar: KohliHaryana will witness clean  effective administration under Khattar: Kohli
Cong  oppn parties welcome EC s poll announcement  NC joins inCong  oppn parties welcome EC s poll announcement  NC joins in
PE investments during January-September touch $8.4 billion: ReportPE investments during January-September touch $8.4 billion: Report
Air Passengers Association of India questions  non-existent  low fares offered by airlinesDiscounts on airfares by SpiceJet, Jet Airways, Indigo, Air India 'non-existent'; ban them, says travellers body
PTI | Mumbai | Updated:  Oct 26 2014, 13:38  IST
Oct 26 2014, 13:38  IST
 

Private firms  sales growth moderated in FY13: ReportE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Airtel  Vodafone  Idea  others may raise tariffs to pay for spectrum costsBharti Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular, others may raise tariffs to pay for spectrum costs
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 26 2014, 15:03  IST
Oct 26 2014, 15:03  IST
 

DLF falls over 4% as SAT adjourns hearing against Sebi orderE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Wall Street little changed as Microsoft offsets AmazonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections shatter record on Day 1Home
Miscellaneous
Shah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections break Dhoom 3 record with Rs 45 cr on Day 1
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 27 2014, 07:24  IST
Oct 27 2014, 07:24  IST
 

Sonakshi Sinha starts production houseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Oil Ministry to overhaul exploration policy: PradhanWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Rs 80 000 Cr Worth Of Defence Projects Get ApprovalRs 80 000 Cr Worth Of Defence Projects Get Approval
Jay Polychem discovers oil near Ahmedabad in Cambay basinJay Polychem discovers oil near Ahmedabad in Cambay basin
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
A significant oil discovery has been made near Ahmedabad in the Cambay basin that by some estimates may be the biggest onland find this year.
Jay Polychem (India) Ltd, a unit of city-based Jay Madhok Group, made the oil discovery in the very first well it drilled on the block CB-ONN-2009/8 in Gujarat’s Cambay basin.
The firm has since July last year drilled two wells and discovered huge oil pay zones in both the wells, sources said.
The discovery in the well Kharenti-A has been notified to the upstream regulator DGH and the government.
Sources said the discovery by Jay Polychem is huge and similar to oil being produced by ONGC in the neighbouring Padra field as also by GSPC in Ingoli field.
The block is operated by Jay Polychem (India) Ltd with 87 per cent interest, while Jay Polychem Pte Ltd holds the rest.
Cambay basin, which extends from Surat in the south to Sanchor in the north, covers an area of about 59,000 sq km with a hydrocarbon resource of more than 15 billion barrels.
Few dozen discoveries, mostly oil, have been reported in the basin. State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp produces oil from most of them and recently Oilex of Australia too has found tight oil.
Sources said the well Kharenti-A was drilled to a total depth of 858 meters in July last year and encountered significant oil shows of Olpad Formation.
Testing done this month resulted in oil being found in three zones. A gross column of 52 meters was interpreted from log analysis and testing data to be oil bearing, they said.
Initial analysis of the oil samples suggests the presence of oil of API 14.
Sources said the company is taking necessary steps to establish potential of the discoveries.
The firm will further deploy world best technologies used to produce heavy oil in USA, Canada and South America to determine and commence production on commercial basis from the Khrentie field.
Jay commented that the discovery of a significant oil column in their first well in CB-ONN-2009/8 is encouraging for the ongoing prospectivity of the block.
The discovery enhances their understanding of the Olpad Play which extends over the entire block and establishes hydrocarbon potential of the various prospects in the block, the firm said.
Jay had won the block in the 8th round of bidding under New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP).
The discoveries are first in NELP VIII blocks and very significant in the recent times in the Cambay basin.
The 136 sq km CB-ONN-2009/8 was among the 13 onland blocks along with 8 deepwater and 11 shallow water areas that were awarded to explorers in 2010.
The company, which has acquired 200 sq km of 3D seismic data, will drill 5 more wells by next quarter. Site for the new wells has already been acquired and the development is on.
It also has city gas distribution licence to retail CNG to automobiles and piped cooking gas to households in Jallandhar, Ludhiana and Kutch (east).
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Air passengers body questions non-existent special faresAir passengers’ body questions ‘non-existent special fares’
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 26:  
Apex air travellers body, Air Passengers Association of India (APAI) today questioned the frequent “special fare” offers by domestic carriers and termed them as “non-existent”, even as it urged the DGCA not to allow such schemes.
The association, in a communication to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, also sought to know as to what action the regulator intends to take against the carriers on the issue.
“We strongly believe that the DGCA must put an end to this practice of offering ridiculously low fares which are non-existent and are not really available to the passenger,” APAI President D Sidhakara Reddy said in his communication to DGCA Prabhat Kumar.
Stating that the association was forced to draw the regulator’s attention towards the issue following several complaints received from the passengers, Reddy said, “most of the times, the schemes are similar and fares announced are also similar. How can this happen unless a cartel is working to fool the travelling public?”
It may be mentioned here that the domestic carriers, led by cash-strapped budget airline SpiceJet have been rolling out one-after another limited period “special sale” offers since January to woo passengers.
“We have received several complaints that first the passengers do not get access to the airline’s portal and if they are able to do so and look for the advertised (special) fare for a particular sector, it shows sold out, whereas most of the other types of fares are only available for bookings,” Reddy alleged.
Pointing out that it has become a routine practice by all airlines to announce such schemes almost once in 10-15 days, the APAI said, “the airlines seem to be doing this with certain objectives in mind as it gives them tremendous publicity at no cost.”
The association has also sought to know from the regulator whether the carriers do inform of the percentage of seats they offer under the special fare as they are supposed to file their fares with DGCA, indicating the quantum allocated under each type of fare offered by them under the bucket pricing method.
“If they are not, then what action do you propose (to take) for not following the procedure?,” Reddy questioned in his communication.
APAI will explore the Right To Information route if the DGCA did not respond to its communication, Reddy added in his communication.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

New guidelines soon for privatisation of airport operationsNew guidelines soon for privatisation of airport operations
PTI
The Hindu Civil Aviation Secretary, V. Somasundaram
Hyderabad, Oct 26:  
The Centre is in the process of finalising guidelines for bringing operations and management of some airports under the Public-Private-Partnership model, Civil Aviation Secretary V Somasundaram has said.
These operations are currently under control of Airports Authority of India.
Somasundaram also said that the five airports selected to be developed under “no-frills airports” category would be operational in the next two years.
“That model (under PPP) is mainly developed for the metro cities. The remaining airports are not in metro area. These are in medium cities. For these airports we may need a revised model because we will not have the kind of volume which Mumbai, Delhi or Bangalore have. So we are working on that,” Somasundaram said.
“May be within a month we will come out (with the guidelines). It is in advanced stage. We need to change the guidelines for PPP model. Within a month we expect these (guidelines) to be finalised. Then they will call for RFQ,” he told PTI during his recent visit to cyclone-hit Visakhapatnam.
Earlier, the Congress-led UPA government had in September last year decided to allow private parties to pick up 100 per cent equity stake in operation and management of the six airports — Chennai, Kolkata, Guwahati, Ahmedabad, Jaipur and Lucknow — through the public-private partnership (PPP) mode.
The move was vehemently opposed by the airports’ unions, alleging that it would reduce the already shrinking revenue of the AAI due to the privatisation of country’s two busiest airports — Mumbai and Delhi.
A parliamentary panel had last year also opposed privatisation of government airports in the country. However, the present government has reportedly decided to keep airports at Chennai and Kolkata out of the PPP model as of now.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Swiss gold exports to India cross CHF 11-bn; banks turn waryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BJP may contest without ally in JharkhandBJP may contest without ally in Jharkhand
Happy New Year Shatters Box Office RecordsHappy New Year Shatters Box Office Records
DMK  DMDK announce protest against milk price hikeDMK  DMDK announce protest against milk price hike
Akhilesh sacks 70 lal batti ministers for non-performanceAkhilesh sacks 70 lal batti ministers for non-performance
SIA-Airbus joint venture gets CCI approvalSIA-Airbus joint venture gets CCI approval
Will approach authorities to sort out security concerns: XiaomiWill approach authorities to sort out security concerns: Xiaomi
Manohar Lal Khattar takes oath as Haryana CMManohar Lal Khattar takes oath as Haryana CM
Iran s execution of Reyhaneh Jabbari draws worldwide condemnationIran s execution of Reyhaneh Jabbari draws worldwide condemnation
Energy reforms  BJP wins in state polls fuel 321 pt Sensex rallyONGC gained 5 percent, while refiners such as Hindustan Petroleum Corp jumped 6.8 percent. (Reuters)
By: Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: October 20, 2014 4:12 pm | Updated: October 20, 2014 4:38 pm
Markets began the Diwali week with a bang with Sensex today surging 321.32 points, its biggest rise in over a week, to end at 26,429.85 buoyed by fuel reforms and hopes of Modi government going ahead with further economic initiatives after BJP’s strong show in state polls.
Furthermore, positive overseas cues on the back of weekend rally in the US on upbeat earnings also bolstered the trading sentiments here. The Indian rupee also strengthened to 61.30 levels against US dollar.
The 30-share Sensex soared by 321.32 points, or 1.23 per cent, to close at 26,429.85 after touching the day’s high of 26,517.90. It had gained 109.19 points on Friday. Today’s rise was the best since 390.49 point jump on October 9.
On similar lines, the 50-share NSE Nifty after reclaiming the 7,900-mark, touched session’s high of 7,905.50 but some profit-booking trimmed gains and it finally settled 99.70 points, or 1.28 per cent, at 7,879.40.
“Participants were optimistic from the early trade on hopes for additional reforms after Narendra Modi’s party won election in one state and emerged as single largest party in the other. Additionally, measures taken by the government in the past two days, like deregulating diesel prices and raising the cost of natural gas also aided the sentiment,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Stocks of state-owned oil marketing companies BPCL, HPCL and Indian Oil hogged the limelight and surged up to 7.38 per cent as diesel deregulation will sharply cut subsidy burden of these companies. Sensex constituents ONGC and GAIL ended in positive terrain with gains up to 5.44 per cent.
Bucking the trend, RIL shares ended 0.39 per cent lower as hike in gas price was lower than expected, traders said.
Auto space stocks also displayed a firm trend on expectations of higher sales on account of ongoing festive season and hopes diesel deregulation will fuel demand for vehicles. Major gainers were Tata Motors, Mahindra and Mahindra, Hero MotoCorp, Maruti Suzuki and Bajaj Auto.
Overall, 25 of the 30 Sensex stocks gained, while five ended lower led by Infosys, TCS, Wipro and ITC Ltd.
Shares of Jindal Steel and Power Ltd tumbled 8.58 per cent after a case of alleged cheating and corruption has been registered by CBI against the company relating to the probe into coal blocks allocated during 1993-2005 period.
Sectorwise, Auto index rose the most by 2.17 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas index 1.94 per cent, Capital Goods index 2.14 per cent, Banking index 1.78 per cent, Metal index 1.57 per cent and Healtchare index 1.23 per cent.
 

Gas price hike fruitful if discoms buy costlier power: Arup Roy ChoudhuryBy: Press Trust of India | Noida | Posted: October 21, 2014 6:05 am
With the government announcing increase in the price of domestically produced gas, state-run NTPC said the move will prove beneficial only if the power distribution companies buy the electricity produced from the plants consuming the costlier fuel.
“I hope with this the gas producers will increase production but ultimately it will work when schedule is given by discoms for this (costlier) power,” NTPC Chairman Arup Roy Choudhury told reporters here.
He said there will be no impact of gas price increase on NTPC’s gas-based plants as they have long term PPAs or power purchase agreements in place.
“No plant is there that is affected other than Ratnagiri,” Choudhury said.
The company’s Ratnagiri plant gets gas from Reliance Industries’ KG-D6 oil fields.
On the coal block auction, he said, “We have no problem with the auction and whatever increase is there in price due to the auction, it will be passed on to the consumer, the mines that I have are likely to produce 1.25 million tonnes of fuel.”
NTPC today installed 110 kWp (kilowatt power) Rooftop Solar Photo Voltaic plant at its office here.
Choudhury said the company is focusing on installing Rooftop Solar PV systems at available roof areas in power stations to meet the energy requirements of its various offices.
The plant is expected to generate 1,70,000 units of power annually.
 

HDFC Bank Q2 profit up 20 per cent at Rs 2 381.5 crorePrint
By: PTI | Mumbai | Posted: October 21, 2014 2:15 pm
HDFC Bank today reported a 20 per cent rise in its September quarter net profit to Rs 2,381.5 crore.
The bank had earned Rs 1982.32 crore net profit in July-September quarter of the last fiscal, HDFC said in a filing to the stock exchanges.
Bank’s total income was at Rs 13,894.7 crore in Q2, up from Rs 11,937.7 crore in the same period last year.
HDFC said September-quarter provisions was up at Rs 455.9 crore as against Rs 385.9 crore in the corresponding period of previous fiscal.
HDFC Bank Q2 profit up 20 pct, lags estimates
(Reuters) HDFC Bank Ltd, India’s second-biggest private sector lender by assets, on Tuesday reported a 20 percent rise in quarterly net profit, lagging estimates, due to higher tax expenses and provisioning for loan losses.
Net profit rose to 23.81 billion rupees ($388.51 million) in its fiscal second quarter to Sept. 30, from 19.82 billion rupees a year earlier, the Mumbai-headquartered bank said in a statement.
Analysts had on average expected a net profit of 24.25 billion rupees, according to data compiled by Thomson Reuters.

Gulf between Infosys & TCS narrows in September quarterPrint
Bangalore | Posted: October 22, 2014 10:53 am
Infosys, India’s second-largest IT services exporter, has narrowed the gulf with its rival Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) in certain growth parameters like organic growth and operating profit margins in the just concluded September quarter, setting the stage for an interesting battle between the two Indian IT majors.
TCS has been consistently maintaining a definite lead over Infosys in all the key metrics like revenue, profit, OPM, attrition rates and there were no signs of any closure of the gap between the two in the past many quarters. However, at the end of second quarter of FY15 the revenue growth reported by Infosys was 3.1% while it stood at 3.6% for TCS, without taking into account the inorganic revenue from the buyout of its stake in its venture with Mitsubishi. In the same vein, the gap between the two in terms of operating profit margins (OPMs) closed down to just 0.7% when compared to 1.2% in the preceding sequential quarter.
Click here for graph
The surprising aspect in this quarter was the differing performance by Infosys and TCS with regard to market expectations. Infosys, which positively surprised the markets with its second-quarter performance, also received the boost with the presence of new CEO, Vishal Sikka, who is also the first non-founder to head the company providing an indication of the way forward for the company. As BNP Paribas, a brokerage house in its note following the results, said, “The new CEO’s strategy is aimed at transforming Infosys into a ‘next-generation’ services company, more details of which are due by April 2015. Infosys believes a successful shift could mean revenue growth of 15-18% and an EBIT margin of 25-28% in the long term, which are significantly higher than current levels. “
Sikka during investors calls post the results spoke about the increasing use of automation, artificial intelligence by Infosys while bringing new paradigm in terms of design thinking and reskilling of their employees. There are enough strong indications that Infosys would be able to achieve its revenue growth guidance of 7-9% for FY15.
However, it would be a long haul for Infosys to match up with TCS, as the latter over the last two years has consistently maintained a very steady growth rate outperforming the industry benchmark. Today, the revenue gap between Infosys and TCS for the second quarter of FY15 stood at $1.7 billion while the net profit difference being $361 million. At one point of time though Infosys had lower revenue than TCS, its OPMs and profit were much higher.
Industry observers say that TCS has set the pace for others in the Indian IT industry. Pradeep Mukherji, president, Avasant, an IT outsourcing advisory firm, said, “TCS is one of the most robust companies in terms of their depth in leadership, range of offerings and the extent of geographic reach. Their DNA is completely different.”

Explained: In coal lightSupreme Court has canceled allocation of 214 coal blocks out of 218.
Written by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | Posted: October 23, 2014 1:04 am
The ordinance to facilitate e-auction of coal blocks to private firms for captive use is intended to clean up the mess that has crippled the sector and contributed to the UPA’s defeat in the summer elections. PRIYADARSHI SIDDHANTA recaps the story and looks ahead.
Why was Monday’s ordinance brought?
On September 24, the Supreme Court quashed allocation of 214 captive coal blocks out of 218 allotted since 1993 saying they were given in an illegal and arbitrary manner. The ordinance allows the government to acquire the land of the cancelled blocks and plants on it, and e-auction them.
What will be the auction’s method?
Coal ministry has proposed a production-linked payment mechanism: payment on a rupee-per-tonne basis, along with basic upfront payment of 10 per cent of block’s intrinsic value. Upfront payment is intended to ensure winning bidder has an incentive to develop the block from early. Intrinsic value of mine will be derived from average selling price of past five years, based on free-on-board prices from published indices of Platts or Argus, who give energy price assessments.
What option does the proposed committee to determine the floor price have?
According to the Central Mine Planning and Design Institute (CMPDI), total value of a block should be obtained by computing its net present value based on the discounted cash flow (DCF) approach. The DCF methodology uses future free cash flow projections and discounts them (most often using the weighted average cost of capital) to arrive at a present value, which is used to evaluate the potential for an investment proposal. The state-run companies need not participate in the auction; they can get mines based on their end-use projects. Auctioning would be for private firms.
How many blocks are likely to be put up for auction?
The government has identified 52 blocks for e-auction in the first phase. According to the coal ministry, there are currently 40 producing blocks. While the SC has spared four blocks — two belonging to an UMPP at Sasan, and one each to state-run NTPC and SAIL — the allocation of the remaining mines would stand cancelled after March 31, and can then be put up for auction. Also, six mines are scheduled to commence production soon, and in another eight blocks, green clearances have been secured and substantial land has been acquired. In another 130 blocks, detailed exploration is either complete or is under way. These blocks are yet to get statutory clearances, and it may be two years before they can be made operational.
What is the employment potential involved?
Coal ministry has assessed that for 2014-15, direct employment for 16,000-20,000 workers could have been generated at a production level of 50 million tonnes per annum. Employment would be generated in downstream sectors such as power, steel, sponge iron and cement as well.
What has been invested in the allocated coal continued…

Ask Kim: How much would it cost to boost my life insurance coverage1
The price difference is slightly higher for a healthy 40-year-old. For a woman, a $500,000 20-year term insurance policy would cost $304 per year, and $1 million in coverage could cost $529, according to Udell. A 40-year-old man would pay more: $328 per year for a $500,000 20-year term insurance policy and $626 for $1 million.
Ask your insurer how much it would cost to boost your coverage, and compare the cost with buying a new policy. One advantage of buying a new policy is that you start the 20-year clock ticking again. But if you have health problems, you might get a better deal if you ask your current insurer to boost your coverage.
You can get price quotes from many term insurance companies at AccuQuote.com or LifeQuotes.com. If you have any health conditions, it's usually better to call the Web site or agency rather than just comparing quotes online; giving the agent a heads up about your health condition up front can help him find the insurer that's most likely to offer you the best rate.
(Kimberly Lankford is a contributing editor to Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Euro rises on bank stress tests report  short-covering0
Its New Zealand peer slid to 92.35 yen , retreating from a seven-year high of 93.97 set just on Friday.
Traders said investors were forced to take profits on bearish yen trades as a four-percent drop in oil prices to five-year lows triggered a selloff in energy stocks. That, in turn, saw the S&P 500 <.SPX> suffer its biggest fall since October.
Currencies of oil-producing countries fared poorly with the Canadian dollar reaching a fresh five-year low of C$1.1486 per USD . The Norwegian crown fell to a 5-1/2 year trough of 7.1872 per USD .
Asian stocks should track Wall Street lower in a move that will probably continue to support the yen in the hours ahead.
Bank of New Zealand currency strategist Raiko Shareef said there also appeared to be growing speculation that the yen's depreciation has come about too quickly.
"Japanese officialdom would be quick to agree, now sensitive to the complaints of Japan's importers. No doubt helped by some post-payrolls profit-taking, this is USD/JPY's biggest single-day fall since mid-October," he said, referring to Monday's performance.
Indeed, the sharp fall in dollar/yen helped drag the greenback down against the euro, which popped back above $1.2300 , from a two-year trough of $1.2247.
Still, investors were likely to remain wary of buying the common currency amid speculation that the European Central Bank (ECB) was poised to ease policy further early next year.
Executive Board member Benoit Coeure kept those expectations alive on Monday, saying policymakers last week agreed unanimously to assess how and when to react to downward inflation risks in early 2015, and that they could then change their asset buying plans.
Several Federal Reserve officials spoke on Monday as well, but stuck to a dovish script that offered nothing new in terms of when the central bank will likely lift interest rates.
(Editing by Diane Craft)

Realty sector could not leverage market recovery  says JLL chiefRealty sector could not leverage market recovery, says JLL chief
Our Bureau
Anuj Puri, Chairman and Country Head, Jones Lang LaSalle India
Market sentiment has not improved as expected post the national elections
Hyderabad, October 24:  
The real estate market was not able to fully harness the benefits of market recovery during the festive season, according to a top executive of global consultancy firm Jones Lang LaSalle. While the Indian real estate market is seen to be on a recovery mode, the festive season was not able to spur the market recovery.
Gradual recovery
He further stated the current market recovery will become visible over the next twelve months.
This is because the events that have catalysed the recovery, such as a new Government at the Centre, its pro-business policies, the encouraging Union Budget and the provisions it has announced favouring real estate, will need more time to bring their benefits to have a bearing on the market, according to Anuj Puri, Chairman and Country Head, JLL India.
With the RBI holding on to current interest rates to safeguard against further inflationary trends, it will take several more months for the market to get into a forward momentum again.
The festive season did not bring the kind of momentum that was hoped for, he felt. According to Puri, while demand exists, it is still held in abeyance by various economic factors, including the natural lag between announcement and implementation of Government policy catalysts.
Pre-election gamble
Reduced pricing could potentially induce further sales momentum in certain pockets, but it is not likely to happen as developers are not keen on signalling a correction, especially when demand is waiting in the wings.
Prior to the general elections, developers had launched many projects in anticipation of a recovery in market conditions after the polls. However, the launches did not really pick up post elections, as residential property buyers continued to remain cautious.
The sales during this festive season have remained uninspiring despite attractive pricing schemes and discounts that developers have been offering to attract buyers. However, Puri stated the current scenario is no way indicative of what lies ahead for the real estate market, for which the outlook remains very much positive.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Communal violence in Trilokpuri after Diwalipicture  others
Communal violence grip’s East Delhi’s Trilokpuri after Diwali
Members of the Hindu and Muslim community clashed in East Delhi’s Trilokpuri area on Friday evening. Police said they had to resort to firing tear gas shells and lathicharge to quell the violence.  (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
There were unconfirmed reports that a resident was shot in the leg during the violence.   According to police, tension had been mounting in the area after a group began building a temple near a mosque two weeks ago. There were minor clashes on Eid and Diwali.  (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
Police personnel were rushed to Trilokpuri to bring the situation under control. Till late Friday, senior police officers and at least 25 PCR vans were doing rounds in the area. (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
On Friday, things got out of control after a large group took to the streets pelting stones and glass bottles and firing in the air, police said. (Source: Express Photo by Praveen Khanna)
Till late Friday, senior police officers and at least 25 PCR vans weer doing rounds in the area. (Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Police said they had to resort to firing tear gas shells and lathicharge to quell the violence. (Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Related

Cities in Motion: Check out the 20 smartest places on Earthcities in motion: check out the 20 smartest places on earth
Aavin milk price hiked by Rs. 10Updated: October 25, 2014 23:28 IST
Aavin milk price hiked by Rs. 10
T. Ramakrishnan
The revised rates will come into effect from November 1.
TOPICS
dairy
The retail price of toned milk will go up by 40 per cent, from the current rate of Rs. 24 to Rs. 34
At a time when an increase in power tariff is looming large, the Tamil Nadu government increased the prices of all Aavin milk varieties by Rs. 10 a litre.
The hike will come into effect from November 1.
The retail price of toned milk, the popular variety, will go up by 40 per cent, from the current rate of Rs. 24 to Rs. 34.
Making the announcement through a statement, Chief Minister O. Panneerselvam said the procurement prices of cow and buffalo milk would also go up by Rs. 5 and Rs. 4 a litre. This meant Aavin would buy cow milk at Rs. 28 a litre and buffalo milk at Rs. 35.
He said the increase in the retail prices was meant to recover the rise in the procurement prices and the cost of processing. Even after the latest increase, the retail prices in the State would be lesser than the rate of toned milk being sold by private dairies and other State cooperative federations, he pointed out.
Referring to the demand of the dairy farmers for hiking the procurement prices because of the increase in input cost, Mr. Panneerselvam said the increase in the procurement prices would benefit 22.5 lakh milk producers.
Pointing out that the private dairies had also increased the procurement prices, he recalled that when the government, in January this year, hiked the procurement prices by Rs. 3 a litre, there was no hike in the retail prices. The previous increase was made in November 2011.

PM led ACC to select Chief Commissioner of Gurdwara pollsPM led ACC to select Chief Commissioner of Gurdwara polls
Jammu And Kashmir  Jharkhand To Hold Assembly Polls In 5 PhasesJammu And Kashmir  Jharkhand To Hold Assembly Polls In 5 Phases
Assocham against govt disclosing names of black money holdersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SBI targets Rs 250 cr/day home loan businessSBI targets Rs 250 cr/day home loan business
PTI
The bank’s disbursal shoots up after waiver off processing fee as part of festival offer.
Mumbai, Oct 26:  
Country’s largest lender State Bank of India has set an ambitious target of disbursing Rs 250 crore of home loans every day during the ongoing festive season, which currently stands close to Rs 200 crore.
After it waived off the processing fee late September as part of its festive offering, the bank is disbursing close to Rs 200 crore home loans every day.
“The home loan disbursement is going up each day. It was Rs 130 crore in the beginning when we scrapped the processing fee. Then it moved up to Rs 150 crore, and then Rs 175 crore, and has now stabilised at Rs 188 crore a day. My target is Rs 250 crore a day,” managing director for national banking and group executive B Sriram told PTI in an interview.
Year-to-date, the home loan sanctions stood at Rs 20,032 crore as against Rs 18,500 crore a year ago, he said, constituting around 14 per cent uptick year-on-year.
In percentage terms, the growth is 14-15 per cent year-on-year in the first half, he said, adding, “we are hopeful that it will become 18-20 per cent in the current quarter.”
Stating that the bank has not launched any scheme during the festive season but has waived off the processing charges on car and home loans, Sriram said from the last week of September the bank was seeing quite a traction on loan queries and disbursals.
On the average ticket size, Sriram said it is improving and it is Rs 30-32 lakh now and the focus is to take it to Rs 50 lakh.
“We are focussing on high value home loans because now almost 80 per cent of our home loans are below Rs 50 lakh. So we are not very much in the above Rs 50 lakh segment. And above Rs 75 lakh we are just 12 per cent. So we need to improve that and have also brought down interest rates on par with the other segment. This is one focus areas now. We need to push the average ticket size to about Rs 50 lakh,” Sriram said.
Impact of processing fee waiver on auto loans
On the impact of the processing fee waiver on auto loans, Sriram said, “In the first week of September we were giving 700 to 800 car loans a day but on September 30, the total was 3,400 loans. Because last week we saw quite an increase — some 1,500-3,400 loans a day.”
“Every day there was a jump of 300-400 cars. Since then because of holidays it has come back to 800-1,000 cars, but again improved from October 15 onwards. We hope this trend to continue till the rest of the quarter,” he said.
This is despite the fact that after five successive months of sales growth, car sales slipped 1.03 per cent in September to 1,54,882 units year-on-year. But motorcycle sales climbed 19.34 per cent to 10,56,509 units, according to SIAM data. But vehicle sales across categories rose 20.44 per cent to 19,04,007 units in September.
It can be noted that despite the general weakness in credit growth for the system, which has been hovering at 10-11 per cent for quite some time, there was come pick in mortgage loans, especially by retail customers.
HDFC growth
For instance, the pure-play mortgage leader HDFC which reported a 7.2 per cent jump in net profit in the September quarter at Rs 1,358 crore, was driven primarily by a healthy growth in individual loans which clipped at 23 per cent or 71 per cent of its total loans sold in the quarter.
Growth in the non-individual loan portfolio stood at a low 11 per cent. The growth in the total loan book inclusive of loans sold is 19 per cent.
For HDFC, a whopping 81 per cent of the incremental growth in the loan book during the period came from individual loans.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

CITU wants tax holiday for cyclone-hit Vizag PSUsCITU wants tax holiday for cyclone-hit Vizag PSUs
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Oct 26:  
The AP unit of the Centre for Indian Trade Unions (CITU) has urged the Centre to declare a tax holiday for the public sector units in the city such as Visakhapatnam Steel Plant, the HPCL refinery, Hindusthan Shipyard and the Visakhapatnam port to enable them to revive operations at the earliest.
At a press conference here on Sunday, CITU state vice-president, Ch. Narasinga Rao, said the CPSUs had suffered an irreparable loss due to loss of production since October 12 and damage was caused to expensive machinery. It would take a long time for the industries to achieve normal production.
He said, "In view of heavy loss suffered by RINL, HPCL, BHEL, HSL and other industries, we appeal to the Centre to declare a tax holiday and give other incentives to the industries to revive their units."
He said the RINL-Visakhapatnam steel plant had been suffering a production loss of Rs 40 crore per day and he blamed the management for not taking timely measures to shut down production following warnings issued by the Cyclone Warning Centre. He said most of the industries had shut down their operations only after tripping caused by cyclone Hudhud. He also accused the RINL authorities of hiding the losses caused by the cyclone, as the PSU was set to offload 10 per cent of its equity.
He also found fault with the authorities for forcing industrial workers to forego one day's wage to contribute to Chief Minister's Cyclone Relief Fund. "It is not fair on their part to burden the workers at a time when workers themselves suffered heavy damage to their houses/furniture in the aftermath of the cyclone. It should be purely voluntary," he added.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

ICVL to invest $500 mn in Mozambique coal minesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ICVL to invest $500 mn in Mozambique coal mines
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 26:  
State-owned International Coal Ventures (ICVL) will invest $500 million to create logistics and other infrastructure support in the next 2-3 years at its recently acquired coal mines in Mozambique, a senior official of the PSU said.
ICVL is also looking to appoint a full-time official with rich experience in coal mining to head the operation of the Mozambique mines to turn them into a profitable venture, he said.
The company had signed the pact on July 28 to buy Rio Tinto’s 65 per cent stake in Benga and 100 per cent stake each in Zambeze and Tete East coal assets in the African nation for $50 million.
Currently Benga, the only operational mine, produces about 5 million tonnes per annum and is making cash losses. The mines need creation of about 500 km railway line and port, he said.
“There are logistic issues. At this point of time, it (mining operations) is making cash losses. There are about one billion tonnes of coal reserves available. It needs another $500 million in the next two to three years. It is a very good strategic investment,” the official told PTI, adding that the immediate goal is to ramp up the production to 12 million tonnes per annum.
As of now, five million tonnes of coal is yielding two mt of washed coal which is being taken by Tatas, a partner in Benga with 35 per cent stake, he said.
As of now, there is no plan to rope in a third partner for the creation of necessary infrastructure for ramping up production, he said.
“It needs about Rs 3,000 crore ($500 million). All the PSUs can put together and invest over a period of time. I don’t see any necessity for an outsider to join us,” the official explained.
ICVL, a joint venture of Steel Authority of India, Coal India, Rashtriya Ispat Nigam, NTPC and NMDC, was created to ensure long-term security of supply of the critical raw material for the steel industry. NTPC has expressed its intention to opt out of the joint venture.
Replying to a query, he said the PSU is mulling to appoint a senior and experienced person to head Mozambique operations.
“We are trying to put a core team headed by an expert (in coal mining for Mozambique). The person may not necessarily be from the four PSUs. He could be an outsider also. Except Coal India, none of the partners have much of coal mining experience,” the official added.
Rio Tinto had bought these assets through the acquisition of Riversdale Mining Ltd in 2011 for $4 billion. However, in 2013, it wrote off $3.5 billion of the purchase price.
All three assets put together are estimated to hold about 2.6 billion tonnes of coal reserves.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Actor Nagarjuna joins Swachch Bharat campaignActor Nagarjuna joins Swachch Bharat campaign
K V Kurmanath
PTI A file picture of actor Nagarjuna with Narendra Modi.
Hyderabad, Oct. 26:  
Film actor-entrepreneur Nagarjuna has joined the Swatch Bharat initiative started by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and nominates seven others including Facebook India chief Kirthiga Reddy to take up the challenge.
While taking the pledge at Annapoorna Studios on Sunday morning, he said he would work with like-minded people to make it a continuous effort.
The actor unveiled www.nag4SwachhBharat.org to spread the word. Those who are nominated by him include Syed Mazher Hussain (who set up the NGO COVA), Mujeeb Khan (President of Bhoomi Foundation), Sudeep (Kannada actor), Pullela Gopichand (badminton player) and actor Pullela Gopichand.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

APAI questions non-existent low fares offered by airlinesBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:40 pm
Apex air travellers body, Air Passengers Association of India (APAI) today questioned the frequent “special fare” offers by domestic carriers like SpiceJet, Jet Airways, Indigo, Air India and others and termed them as “non-existent”, even as it urged the DGCA not to allow such schemes.
The association, in a communication to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, also sought to know as to what action the regulator intends to take against the carriers on the issue.
“We strongly believe that the DGCA must put an end to this practice of offering ridiculously low fares which are non-existent and are not really available to the passenger,” APAI President D Sidhakara Reddy said in his communication to DGCA Prabhat Kumar.
Stating that the Association was forced to draw the regulator’s attention towards the issue following several complaints received from the passengers, Reddy said, “most of the times, the schemes are similar and fares announced are also similar. How can this happen unless a cartel is working to fool the travelling public ?”
It may be mentioned here that the domestic carriers, led by cash-strapped budget airline SpiceJet have been rolling our one-after another limited period “special sale” offers since January this year to woo passengers.
“We have received several complaints that first the passengers do not get access to the airline’s portal and if they are able to do so and look for the advertised (special) fare for a particular sector, it shows sold out, whereas most of the other types of fares are only available for bookings,” Reddy alleged.
Pointing out that it become a routine practice by all the airlines to announce such schemes almost once in 10-15 days, APAI said, “the Airlines seem to be doing this with certain objectives in mind as it gives them tremendous publicity at no cost.”
The Association has also sought to know from the regulator whether the carriers do inform of the percentage of seats they offer under the special fare as they are supposed to file their fares with DGCA, indicating the quantum allocated under each type of fare offered by them under the bucket pricing method.
“If they are not then what action do you propose (to take) for not following the procedure?,” Reddy questioned in his communication.
APAI will explore the Right To Information (RTI) route if the DGCA did not respond to its communication, Reddy added in his communication.
 

Who s Who of Modi government  BJP attend ceremonyWho s Who of Modi government  BJP attend ceremony
Shiv Sena should sit in opposition  says ex-party MPShiv Sena should sit in opposition  says ex-party MP
DLF ban:MFs say Sebi should not enforce all its rules on themHi Guest
DLF ban: MFs say Sebi should not enforce all its rules on them
As DLF is unable to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 2,500 crore in view of Sebi's ban on the largest builder in a case pertaining to its IPO in 2007, MFs have said that the capital market regulator should not enforce all its rules on them.  "As a ...

Financial regulators to issue warning against ISIL linksE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

AAP  Congress  accuse Hindutva elements of stoking violenceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Arabian Sea storm may hit Kutch-KarachiCyclone Nilofar may hit north Gujarat by Thursday
Vinson Kurian
Source: IMD Satellite image taken on October 26, 2014.
Will drag itself into the way of a western disturbance eventually
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 26:  
India Met Department has issued a pre-cyclone watch for north Gujarat as Cyclone Nilofar took birth in the west-central and adjoining southwest Arabian Sea.
The cyclone was more or less unchanged from its location from morning at 1,270 km west-southwest of Mumbai, an afternoon update by the Met said.
Landfall timeline
It was at least two days away from landfall over northwest Gujarat and adjoining Karachi in Pakistan, according to international models.
Nilofar (a name contributed by Pakistan) would intensify into a very severe cyclonic storm, but not as strong as predecessor Hudhud that rammed the coast of Visakhapatnam earlier this month.
India Met expects Nilofar to pack peak winds reaching speeds of 120- to 130 km/hr gusting to 145 km/hr.
In contrast, Hudhud had featured ferocious winds topping 175 km/her and gusting to 200 km/hr.
The landfall is expected to take place by Thursday/Friday, according to initial projections.
In its outlook, the US Naval Observatory too had said that the cyclone may not ratchet up to the strength originally estimated, and could feature peak wind speeds of 138 km/hr.
System Strength
The building cyclone is now practically stationary and will take some time to move north-northwest but when it does, will drag itself into the way of a western disturbance. Transiting across the Arabian Gulf, the westerly system will scoop the cyclonic system by the collar and haul it towards the Indo-Pak coast where it will be deposited. As the cyclone approaches the coast, intrusion of dry air from land and increase in vertical wind shear (sudden change in wind speed and direction with height) will affect the storm structure and strength.
Also, sea-surface temperatures near the Indo-Pak coast were 27.8 deg Celsius compared to those of the coastal Oman waters which had warmed up to 28.8 deg Celsius. Warmer waters help evaporation, which helps rising water vapour to rise up the storm tower, condense and add to thunder cloud formation which adds to system strength.
The system weakens when the waters cool down and allow for evaporation to take place on a lesser scale only.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Mutual fund investments in IT stocks hit all-time high of Rs 31 834 cr in SeptMutual fund investments in IT stocks hit all-time high of Rs 31,834 cr in Sept
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
The mutual fund industry is betting big on software companies as its equity exposure to the sector climbed to a fresh all-time high of around Rs 32,000 crore at the end of September.
This also marks the fourth consecutive rise in mutual fund (MF) industry’s exposure to software stocks.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The funds’ investment in software stocks stood at Rs 31,834 crore as on September 30, 2014, accounting for 10.83 per cent of their total equity assets under management (AUM) of Rs 2.94 lakh crore, according to data available with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI).
At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009. Data is not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 11,913 crore (6.71 per cent) in software shares.
The previous high was in August this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 29,668 crore.
According to market participants, MFs have been showing interest in software stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market.
They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in software stocks by equity fund managers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 27,772 crore in January to Rs 31,834 crore in September.
Besides, mutual fund managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to an all-time high of over Rs 55,398 crore in September this year, which is the highest among all the sectors.
Among others, MFs have an exposure of Rs 21,908 crore in pharma space, followed by auto (Rs 18,892 crore) and finance (Rs 16,358 crore).
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

SEBI-DLF case may have wider ramifications for realty sector‘SEBI-DLF case may have wider ramifications for realty sector’
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
As realty giant DLF is facing a three-year capital markets ban imposed by regulator SEBI, the case is being seen as one having wider ramifications for the entire real estate sector and the regulatory framework applicable to them.
SEBI had barred DLF and six others, including the company’s chairman and other top executives, earlier this month from accessing capital markets for three years for “active and deliberate suppression” of material information at the time of its public offer more than seven years ago in 2007.
The company has challenged the order through an appeal before the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), which would hear the case on October 30.
During the first hearing last week, the company had sought an interim relief from the Tribunal, while the regulator faced the flak for delay in passing the order and also for the adverse impact suffered by minority shareholders of DLF in the form of a huge 30 per cent plunge in the company’s market valuation in a single day post the order.
While promoters own 74.93 per cent stake in DLF, foreign institutional investors have close to 20 per cent and retail shareholders have about 4 per cent among others.
As the case progresses, the industry experts are of the opinion that it could potentially become a watershed case for the capital markets and other regulations applicable to real estate companies.
Without willing to be named, as the matter is currently before SAT, top executives from the real estate sector and capital markets intermediaries said the case needs to be seen in a different perspective from those pertaining to sectors other than real estate.
At the same time, the role of merchant bankers, legal advisors and others involved in the process of making IPO-related disclosures also needs to be examined, they said.
The case has also brought to limelight ‘technicalities’ involved in the practice of SEBI giving ‘observations’ and not ’approval or clearance’ for an IPO, they added.
There is a view that regulators need to understand that the business practices tend to be different in real estate sector, from manufacturing or other segments of the economy.
However, others feel that regulations cannot be overlooked to accommodate certain ‘prevailing practices’ in one particular sector, such as those related to use of ‘friendly’ entities for purchase of land or development rights in the name of ease of doing business.
In his order, SEBI’s Whole-Time Member Rajeev Agarwal said violations were “grave and have larger implications on safety and integrity of the securities market” and accused DLF and the six top management persons (at the time of filing IPO documents) of non-disclosure of certain dealings with three subsidiaries through “sham transactions”.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Xiaomi to talk to Indian authorities after IAF red-flags Redmi 1s phonesXiaomi to talk to Indian authorities after IAF red-flags Redmi 1s phones
Ukraine votes in parliamentary pollsUkraine votes in parliamentary polls
Congress  AAP say BJP shying away from Delhi by polls  Politicos reactCongress  AAP say BJP shying away from Delhi by polls  Politicos react
Want to come to Delhi and be a part of Centre: Ramdas AthawaleHi Guest
Want to come to Delhi and be a part of Centre: Ramdas Athawale
+      New Delhi, Oct 26 (ANI): RPI (A) Chief Ramdas Athawale said on Sunday that he wanted to come to Delhi and become a part of the Central government. He said that he has been demanding to become a part of Centre since long and also he had made ...

HK pro-democracy activists suspend planned voteHK pro-democracy activists suspend planned vote
PTI
Tweet
Hong Kong, Oct 26:  
Hong Kong pro-democracy activists today suspended a planned vote on the next steps in their month-long protest — hours before it was due to begin — due to differing opinions on how the movement should proceed, organisers said.
A statement from the main groups involved in the protest said the suspension was agreed “because there were many different opinions about the format of the vote” as well as other matters. They were due to hold a press conference shortly.
The vote by mobile phone had been set to take place today and tomorrow evening to gauge opinions on how demonstrators should respond to conciliatory measures offered by the government to end their mass sit-ins, which have paralysed several major city junctions.
Tens of thousands of Hong Kongers spilled onto the streets in late September in anger at Beijing’s refusal to grant free leadership elections to the former British colony. It insists that candidates for the 2017 vote must be vetted by a pro-China committee.
But the crowds have dwindled, with protest leaders struggling to keep up momentum and clashes breaking out with both opponents and the police.
Hong Kong’s government made tentative concessions to the protesters during talks last Tuesday, saying they would file a report to Beijing about the recent events and suggesting that both sides set up a committee to discuss further political reform beyond 2017.
Voting protesters were set to be asked two questions about how to respond to the government offers.
The pro-democracy movement is facing growing pressure to decide on its next move, with frustration growing among residents after a month of traffic mayhem caused by the protests.
“We feel we have been conducting the vote hastily,” Benny Tai, a co-founder of the Occupy Central protest group, told reporters. “There is not enough deliberation.”
“We decided to adjourn the vote at the square but it doesn’t mean the movement has stopped,” he said.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Swiss gold exports to India cross CHF 11-bn; banks turnwaryPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi/berne | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:53 pm
As banks in Switzerland come under greater black money scrutiny, the quantum of gold having left Swiss shores for India so far this year has reached a record high level of over 11 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 70,000 crore).
The gold exports from Switzerland to India stood at over 2.2 billion Swiss francs (about Rs 15,000 crore) in September alone, which is double the figure for the previous month, shows latest data released by Swiss Customs Administration.
As a result, the total Swiss gold exports to India since January this year has grown to 11.4 billion Swiss francs, shows the data compiled by the Swiss government’s cross-border trade monitoring agency.
While industry watchers attribute the surge during September partly to increased demand for the yellow metal ahead of Diwali and other festivals in India, the sudden spike is also being seen suspiciously in the backdrop of gold being used for ‘layering’ purposes to move funds from Swiss banks amid growing scrutiny for suspected black money.
According to banking industry sources, banks operating in Switzerland, including those headquartered in the Alpine nation and the Swiss units of other European banks, have turned wary about dealing with their Indian clients in the wake of a growing scrutiny of such accounts.
A number of Swiss banks, including three with significant global presence, have begun telling their Indian clients to sign undertakings that are aimed at ‘derisking’ the banking institutions from potential risks arising out of regulatory actions against the bank customers by foreign governments.
Some banks are also telling their clients to close their accounts if they are not ready to take such risks, or if they have apprehensions about such accounts not being compliant to regulatory requirements in their home countries.
Through these ‘derisking’ undertakings, the customer agrees to take responsibility for any possible regulatory or administrative compliance with international norms.
At the same time, the bankers are also lobbying with the Swiss government to ensure that any information would be shared with their Indian counterpart about accounts held in Swiss banks only after necessary provisions are made to safeguard the interest of the concerned banking institution.
Following a high-level delegation visit from India, Switzerland recently agreed to cooperate on matters related to verification of genuineness of accounts and reply to requests for banking account details in a time-bound manner, and also to initiate a process to include India among the countries eligible for ‘automatic exchange of information’.
While banks try to put in place necessary safeguards, there are apprehensions that many of their clients are being advised to move the funds through gold and other routes.
As per Swiss government data, the total exports of gold, silver and coins from Switzerland stood at 347 tonnes (worth 6.62 billion Swiss francs) in September. This included gold exports totalling 172.5 tonnes or 6.48 billion Swiss francs.
In comparison, Switzerland’s total gold exports stood at just about three billion Swiss francs (80.6 tonnes) in August, while the overall figure for gold, silver and coins stood at 3.16 billion francs (237 tonnes) in that month.

Express LOL: After Queen Elizabeth  whos the unlikeliest celebrity to useTwitterPrint
By: Express LOL | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:50 pm
This week, we saw a nearly 90 year old monarch use Twitter, in the most surprising new user event since @superstarrajini. And, though Elizabeth was greeted more with polite conversation than outright surprise, we are 100% sure that everyone in the world was surprised.
So, who are some more unlikely celebs who will cause a huge furore when they do use or join Twitter? Here are the top six:

Private firms sales growth moderated in FY13:ReportPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:48 pm
Sales of private companies in the non-financial segment moderated in 2012-13, registering 17.6 per cent growth to Rs 2.01 lakh crore, as demand fell specifically from the services sector.
In 2011-12, these companies had sales growth of 24.1 per cent at Rs 1.71 lakh crore, as per the RBI data. The data was based on 1,628 private sector companies.
“Sales … moderated in 2012-13 due to lower increase, especially in the services sector. Both, operating expenses and value of production registered a significant decline in 2012-13,” RBI said.
Also higher increase in operating expenses than in value of production led to a lower growth in EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation).
EBITDA increase of most of the industries in manufacturing sector was higher in FY13 vis-à-vis the previous year except for machinery and machine tools and food product and beverages industries. In the services sector, it remained low except for computer and related activities industries, RBI said.
However, net profits of companies were higher in FY13 than a year ago at Rs 5,562.8 crore, up 10.2 per cent.
In the previous fiscal FY12, the net profit of these companies were down by 15.8 per cent to Rs 5,050 crore.
 

Market outlook: Second quarter earnings to drive stock markets thisweekBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:45 pm
A slew of earnings announcements from blue-chips, including Maruti Suzuki and ICICI Bank, will set the tone for stock markets this week, say experts.
Besides, trend in global markets, investment by overseas investors, movement of rupee against the dollar and crude oil price would also influence the trend on bourses.
“We believe positivity would extend further in the days to come; however, traders should be cautious in stock selection due to prevailing earning season,” said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Major earnings this week include those from Hindustan Unilever, Lupin, Dr Reddy’s Laboratories, Sesa Sterlite, Tech Mahindra, ACC, Ambuja Cements, Bharti Airtel, ICICI Bank, Maruti Suzuki India and Suzlon Energy.
On the global front, the Federal Open Markets Committee (FOMC) will undertake a monetary policy review at a two-day meeting on Tuesday and Wednesday.
The benchmark S&P BSE 30-share Sensex concluded the week at 26,851.05, showing a surge of 742.52 points.
 

APAI questions non-existent low fares offered byairlinesBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:40 pm
Apex air travellers body, Air Passengers Association of India (APAI) today questioned the frequent “special fare” offers by domestic carriers like SpiceJet, Jet Airways, Indigo, Air India and others and termed them as “non-existent”, even as it urged the DGCA not to allow such schemes.
The association, in a communication to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, also sought to know as to what action the regulator intends to take against the carriers on the issue.
“We strongly believe that the DGCA must put an end to this practice of offering ridiculously low fares which are non-existent and are not really available to the passenger,” APAI President D Sidhakara Reddy said in his communication to DGCA Prabhat Kumar.
Stating that the Association was forced to draw the regulator’s attention towards the issue following several complaints received from the passengers, Reddy said, “most of the times, the schemes are similar and fares announced are also similar. How can this happen unless a cartel is working to fool the travelling public ?”
It may be mentioned here that the domestic carriers, led by cash-strapped budget airline SpiceJet have been rolling our one-after another limited period “special sale” offers since January this year to woo passengers.
“We have received several complaints that first the passengers do not get access to the airline’s portal and if they are able to do so and look for the advertised (special) fare for a particular sector, it shows sold out, whereas most of the other types of fares are only available for bookings,” Reddy alleged.
Pointing out that it become a routine practice by all the airlines to announce such schemes almost once in 10-15 days, APAI said, “the Airlines seem to be doing this with certain objectives in mind as it gives them tremendous publicity at no cost.”
The Association has also sought to know from the regulator whether the carriers do inform of the percentage of seats they offer under the special fare as they are supposed to file their fares with DGCA, indicating the quantum allocated under each type of fare offered by them under the bucket pricing method.
“If they are not then what action do you propose (to take) for not following the procedure?,” Reddy questioned in his communication.
APAI will explore the Right To Information (RTI) route if the DGCA did not respond to its communication, Reddy added in his communication.
 

Tunisians vote for new parliament  hope for full democracyUpdated: October 28, 2014 15:39 IST
Tunisians vote for new parliament, hope for full democracy
Reuters
Tweet
Reuters
In this October 25, 2014 photo, a man signs on a panel at an Independent Election Commission press centre in Tunis. Sunday's ballot for a new 217-member Tunisian parliament promises to consolidate a transition seen as model in a region where other "Arab Spring" nations who ousted long-ruling leaders in 2011 still struggle with polarisation and violence. The panel reads, “I love you Tunisia”.
Reuters
In this October 24, 2014 photo, an Islamist Ennahda movement supporter shouts slogans during a campaign event at Habib Bourguiba Avenue in Tunis . Tunisians voted on Sunday in parliamentary elections that bring full democracy finally within their reach, four years after their uprising cast out autocrat Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali.
TOPICS
national elections
Only second free election since 2011 fall of Ben Ali; Islamists Ennahda, secular rivals Nidaa Tounes favoured; security, economic reforms and jobs major concerns
Tunisians voted on Sunday in parliamentary elections that bring full democracy finally within their reach, four years after their uprising cast out autocrat Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali.
Tunisia has fared better than its neighbours who also ousted their own long-ruling leaders during the 2011 Arab Spring uprisings, largely avoiding the polarisation between competing desires for Islamist and more secular rule.
Where the role of Islam in politics dominated the first election in 2011, now jobs, economic opportunities and Tunisia’s low-intensity conflict with Islamist militants are the main concerns of a country heavily reliant on foreign tourism.
The moderate Islamist party Ennahda and rival secular alliance Nidaa Tounes are favoured to win most seats in Sunday’s vote, only the second free election in Tunisia since Ben Ali fled into exile in Saudi Arabia.
But the large number of other parties, from conservative Islamist Salafist movements to Socialists, means a coalition government is the probable outcome. The 217-member assembly will choose a new prime minister.
“I always felt bad when I saw other countries freely voting and we couldn’t. Now we have the chance and the freedom to do so and I hope we get complete democracy and liberty,” said Wahid Zamely, 57, first in line to vote in the well-off Soukra neighbourhood in Tunis.
Ennahda won most seats in the first election in 2011 and led a coalition before a crisis over their rule and the murder of two secular leaders forced them into a deal to step aside for a caretaker premier.
Criticised for economic mismanagement and lax handling of hardline Islamists, Ennahda leaders say they have learned from their mistakes in the early years after the revolution.
But Nidaa Tounes, which includes some former members of the Ben Ali regime, see themselves as modern technocrats able to manage the economic and security challenges after the messy period of Islamist-led rule.
At a polling station in the working-class Ben Arous neighbourhood in southern Tunis on Sunday morning one voter said the only party he trusted was Ennahda.
“I don’t have any confidence in the other parties. They were all from the time of Ben Ali. Ennahda were always working over the last three years after the revolution,” said Mohamed Ali Ayad, an employee of a carmaker.
JOBS AND GROWTH
Among those secular parties looking for a place in the new assembly are some led by former Ben Ali officials, who portray themselves as technocrats untainted by the corruption and abuses of his regime.
Their return reflects the kind of compromise and consensus that has helped Tunisia avoid confrontations seen in Libya and Egypt where disagreements over the role of Islamists and former regime officials have erupted into violence.
That compromise and a proportional electoral system mean the two main players will seek deals with minor partners to form a majority in parliament and have a stronger say in forming the new government.
“In this context, the two biggest parties — Ennahda and Nidaa Tounes — will probably set aside their ideological differences and work together to form a national unity government,” Riccardo Fabiani at Eurasia Group said.
New government will need to foster growth and jobs for the many Tunisians who feel left out of any economic benefits from the revolution. But they will also need to take on the tough austerity measures to cut public subsidies.
Tunisia expects economic growth of between 2.3 and 2.5 per cent this year, but needs to continue slashing subsidies to trim the budget deficit and impose new taxes, the kind of reforms asked for by international lenders.
Just as urgent is tackling the threat of hardline Islamist militants who have grown in influence after the fall of Ben Ali, including the extremist group Ansar al-Sharia, which is branded a terrorist group by Washington.
Tunisian authorities had said militants would seek to disrupt the elections. On Friday, Tunisian forces killed six people, including five women, after a stand-off with an Islamist militant group on the outskirts of Tunis.
Major parties in Tunisia’s parliamentary election
Ennahda
Originally founded in 1981 under the name of Islamic Tendency Movement by Rached Ghannouchi, who is still the party’s leader, Ennahda was subject to suppression under Ben Ali. Its leadership was exiled or jailed during the regime, including Ghannouchi who spent years in Britain. He returned to Tunisia after the revolution, and Ennahda became a legal party. The party won around 40 per cent of the seats in Tunisia’s first transition assembly in the 2011 election and formed a coalition government with two smaller secular parties. Ghannouchi’s party was criticised by opponents for its economic management and for its laxity with hardline Islamists. But Ghannouchi was also seen as a more flexible Islamist leader who was able to compromise with rivals and end the crisis.
Nidaa Tounes
Founded in 2012, mainly in reaction to the victory of Islamists after the revolution, Nidaa Tounes is an alliance that includes some former members of the Ben Ali regime, including party chieftain Beji Caid Essebsi. It is now the largest rival to Ennahda. Essebsi, 87, was a political figure in Tunisia since after the 1956 independence from France, a minister under Tunisia’s first President Habib Bourguiba, and a parliament speaker under Ben Ali. Nidaa Tounes presents itself as a modern movement best able to manage the problems of one of the Arab world’s most secular countries.
Popular Front
A coalition that includes dozens of smaller parties from the left-wing to nationalists as well as independent intellectuals. Founded in 2012, it presents itself as the third choice between Islamists and Nidaa Tounes. Its leader, Hamma Hammami, was also arrested by Bourguiba and Ben Ali, and is running as a presidential candidate. Two of its leaders Chokri Belaid and Mohamed Brahmi were assassinated by Islamist militants in 2013, triggering a political crisis that forced Ennahda-led government to step down.
Republican Party
Formerly known as the Progressive Democratic Party or PDP, it changed its name after the revolution. Its leaders were among the most active in the 2011 uprising and were opponents of the Ben Ali regime. Its leader Ahmed Nejib Chebbi was a staunch foe of Ben Ali and was banned from running in 2009 elections during his regime. He participated in a national unity government in 2011.
Initiative Party
A new party created after the revolution, the Initiative movement is led by Ben Ali’s former Foreign and Defence Minister Kamel Morjane and is one of the three parties created by members of the old regime participating in the election. The party may do well in local areas where Morjane has influence. He was also a former diplomat in the United Nations. He says he apologised for his role in the Ben Ali regime, and believes his technocrat experience can be used to help Tunisia.
Congress for the Republic or CPR party
A secular, centre-left party created in 2011 by Moncef Marzouki, the current president of Tunisia. He was a human rights activist from 1989 to 1994, and a longtime opponent of Ben Ali. He was arrested several times under the former regime and sought exile in France for ten years before returning after the uprising. The CPR presents itself as a revolutionary party and opposes the return of former Ben Ali figures.
Ettakatol
A small Social-Democrat party founded in 1994 by medical doctor Mustapha Ben Jaafar. He was the head of the Tunisia assembly after the first election following the 2011 revolt, and Ettakatol were part of the coalition government led by Ennahda before they stepped down.

Ships idle off Los Angeles amid port problems... 
October 25, 2014 08:54 PM EST | Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The twin ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach are facing their biggest crisis in a decade as container ships idle offshore because cargo can't be moved off the docks fast enough.
The bottleneck blamed on a surge of imports, shortage of truck trailers, and bigger ships hauling more cargo has created a seven- to 10-day delay for retailers anxious to stock shelves for the holiday season.
"This is really a perfect storm," Port of Los Angeles Executive Director Gene Seroka told the Los Angeles Times (http://lat.ms/1FNkssF ) in a story Saturday.
Retailers are rerouting goods to other ports, and some shoe and clothing companies have begun transporting products by air, said Nate Herman, vice president of international trade at the American Apparel & Footwear Assn.
"The delays are increasing, they are not getting better," he said.
The problem is blamed on a variety of factors:
— Imports increased more than 10 percent last month at both ports compared to a year ago.
— A shortage of truck trailers or truck drivers has left cargo stuck on the docks.
— Terminals built when ships were a third the size of today's cargo behemoths can't unload the ships fast enough.
Other ports are experiencing some of the same problems, but the situation is worse in Southern California at the nation's busiest port complex, which handles 40 percent of U.S. imports. There were seven ships anchored offshore on Friday.
Port officials said the current delays are the worst since 2004 when a new system was created to get truckers to haul loads at night.
The current crunch is expected to ease at the end of the month as peak shipping season tapers off.
___
Information from: Los Angeles Times, http://www.latimes.com

Gold nugget found in California finds secret buyer...and
versions
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — One of the largest gold nuggets in modern times pulled from Northern California's Gold Country has sold to a secret buyer.
The new owner of the so-called Butte Nugget and its exact price will both remain mysteries at the buyer's request, the San Francisco Chronicle reported Saturday (http://bit.ly/1snahAB ).
But Don Kagin, the Tiburon-based coin dealer who brokered the deal, said that a "prominent Bay Area collector" paid about $400,000 for the nugget weighing 6.07 pounds (2.8 kilograms). That wasn't far off from the asking price, he said.
"Let's just say it's a win-win for everybody, Kagin said, adding that the nugget went up for sale Thursday with the deal finalized on Friday.
Historically, prospectors found giant gold nuggets in California during the 19th century Gold Rush days, including a 54-pound chunk found in Butte County in 1859. It has been decades since a report of anyone discovering a rock of 6 pounds or more in California.
The gold hunter who found the nugget found it in July in the mountains of Butte County. He also asked Kagin to keep his name and the location of the discovery a secret.
Reports of the nugget's pending sale caused a near frenzy among gold and history buffs, with the newspaper reporting one bidder inquiring from Australia.
"We spoke with six different people who seemed to have a legitimate interest," said David McCarthy, Kagin's chief numismatist. "But he was the first person to make an offer and he had the right prices."

Maui voters to decide whether to ban GMO crops...and
versions
HONOLULU (AP) — Dozens of Maui mothers are going door-to-door to urge voters to back a ban on the cultivation of genetically engineered crops because they think they are unsafe.
A group backed by companies growing the crops counters with ads playing heavily on the airwaves that urge rejection of what they are calling the "farming ban."
The dueling campaigns over a Nov. 4 ballot measure that would prohibit the growing of genetically modified organisms until studies show they're safe isn't just a local issue in a county of only 160,000 residents in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.
Experts say the ban's effects could ripple across the nation because some of the world's largest corn-seed producers research and develop new varieties of genetically engineered seeds at their farms in the county.
Kendall Lamkey, chairman of the agronomy department at Iowa State University, said the initiative, if passed, could potentially make seed development more expensive for Monsanto Co. and a Dow Chemical Co. subsidiary, Dow AgroSciences.
"It's not going to stop it but it will slow it down," Lamkey said. The companies will "adapt. I mean, there will probably be workarounds for this that may or may not cost more money and may or may not raise the cost of goods to our farmers."
About 90 percent of all corn grown in the U.S. is genetically engineered and has been developed partially at farms in Hawaii.
There has been little scientific evidence showing foods grown from GMO seeds are less safe than their conventional counterparts. But fears persist in Hawaii and elsewhere.
In the islands, those concerns are compounded by worries about the companies' use of pesticides.
What's at stake is whether corporations can "come in here and run our island as a chemical experiment where they ship out the profits and we have to deal with the pollutants?" said Mark Sheehan, a leader of the anti-GMO group behind the ban.
Monsanto has a farm each on Maui and Molokai islands. Dow AgroSciences has one on Molokai through its unit, Mycogen Seeds.
Passions are strong on both sides. Activists squabbled and taunted each other this month at the Maui Fair, normally a sleepy event featuring carnival rides and livestock exhibitions. Fair organizers told The Maui News activists tagged fair banners and signs with bumper stickers.
Sheehan said his group, the Sustainable Hawaiian Agriculture for the Keiki and the Aina Movement or SHAKA Movement, has been holding community meetings. About 30 mothers have also been going to people's homes in the beach resort town of Kihei, Sheehan said.
"I think about 600 doors a day, they're knocking on. These are not paid employees," he said.
Monsanto referred questions on the issue to Citizens Against the Maui County Initiative, which was formed to campaign against the measure. Dow AgroSciences didn't immediately return a call seeking comment.
But Tom Blackburn-Rodriguez, a spokesman for the Citizens Against the Maui County Initiative, said he was handling queries for both companies. He said neither wanted to be interviewed until after the election when "the situation will be clearer and there will be more time to address any questions."
One of the group's TV spots features a senior citizens' club president warning of hundreds of job losses. Another shows a former county councilwoman discussing the financial burden the county would shoulder to enforce any moratorium.
It's not clear which side will come out ahead on Election Day, but the initiative could trip up Monsanto and Dow AgroScience's global research pipelines if it passes and isn't blocked by a legal challenge.
The companies, like several other multinational giants that develop seed corn, conduct part of their research in Hawaii because the year-round warm weather in the islands allows them to grow three to four crops per year instead of one.
This allows them to move their research forward by two to four generations a year instead of the one generation they would get in most places on the U.S. mainland. Working in the U.S., instead of a warm place in another country, meanwhile, allows them to develop seeds under strong U.S. patent law protections.
Both companies have operations in other Hawaii counties, which should enable them to maintain some development in the islands. But the cultivation of genetically engineered crops is under siege in other counties as well.
Kauai County earlier this year passed a law regulating GMO crops and pesticide use. A judge blocked its implementation saying federal law pre-empts local law on the issue. The case is currently before a federal appeals court.
The Big Island this year adopted a GMO crop ban with some exceptions. This law is also being challenged in court.
Sheehan said the issue won't go away even of the voters reject the initiative.
"Just by pointing it out, we have raised an issue that has been buried here for a long time," he said.

Dubbed versions of  Happy New Year  doing well too!Dubbed versions of  Happy New Year  doing well too!
Who s Who of Modi govt  BJP attend swearing in of KhattarWho s Who of Modi govt  BJP attend swearing in of Khattar
Fifty years of heli-skiing: the delights and dangers of this most addictive sportFirst tracks: round-up of the season’s developments
“In addition to the somewhat frivolous thrill of dancing down the hill, [the ski tourer] also seeks the aesthetic values inherent in the mountain country to which the ordinary skier is completely oblivious,” he enthused. “Ski touring takes us on to those mountains and slopes which we always look at from the top of our lifts and wish we were over there instead of here. It gives us the means to manifest our, however hidden and subconscious, desires to explore the distant, the new, the unknown, to be adventurers, to be able to throw back the shackles of our physical limitations and to go wherever our fancy urges us to go . . . ”
It was stirring stuff but there was more to come. For Gmoser was developing a new type of ski touring, in which the hard slog uphill would be removed by technology. “For uphill transportation for ski touring we need something with far more versatility and mobility than the most convenient types of ski lifts,” he told the instructors. “The machine to fit the bill is a helicopter.”
Finally, after six hours on the road, we emerge from the forests to see light streaming from the windows of a large building that’s strangely reminiscent of both an alpine chalet and an airport terminal. Inside, people are sitting at a long bar, playing cards by the fireplace and table-tennis in an adjacent games room. Having not even passed another car in the previous two hours, the sudden warmth, light and human contact are disorientating.
Hans Gmoser and his adventure-hungry acolytes were driven by the desire to escape into the wilderness
This is Monashee Lodge, the world’s largest heliski lodge and the newest in the portfolio of Canadian Mountain Holidays (CMH), the company Gmoser founded. The lodge offers every comfort: there is a hot tub on the roof, a team of masseuses, a large wine cellar, a climbing wall, ski shop, business centre, library and 69 bedrooms. Guests are looked after by seven guides and 26 staff. It is a huge, five-star example of how far heli-skiing has come.
Today the sport Gmoser pioneered in 1965 has spread around the world: heli-ski operations have sprung up in far-flung mountain ranges from Alaska to India, in Chile, Turkey, Georgia, Sweden, Iceland and many other countries. CMH, though, remains by far the biggest operator, employing at least 120 mountain guides at its 11 bases in British Columbia.
Gmoser had begun experimenting with helicopters to access the mountains in the early 1960s but the first commercial “helicopter ski touring” trips (the word “heli-ski” had yet to catch on) took place over two weeks in April 1965. If our journey felt long, it was nothing to that of those first heliskiers, who reached the last section of road to their camp at 5pm but took nine more hours to cover the final 28 miles (“numerous times we were stuck in the mud, got rained upon and pushed the vehicles,” Gmoser later wrote). Accommodation was basic: the guests (six the first week, 12 the next, each paying $275) stayed in the plywood cabins of a disused sawmill camp, sleeping on iron beds in their sleeping bags. The guides, cook, pilot and mechanic slept on the floor of the kitchen building.
Heli-ski creator Hans Gmoser
In the morning, the helicopter would begin to ferry the skiers up the mountain, a lengthy task given that this was a slow, piston-engined Bell 47, which could only carry the pilot and two passengers. Women were taken last, to minimise their time waiting in the wind on the freezing mountainside. Each day they would make just one or two runs, often having to bushwhack back through the forest to camp, where they would gather in the kitchen to sing, play the instruments they had brought, drink and stay warm until going to bed at 10pm.
Halfway through the second week, the helicopter crashed. It was coming in to land when the landing gear sank into deep snow, causing a rotor to strike the ground. The three people on board managed to jump out before it burst into flames; all were shaken but unharmed, and the pilot was quickly dispatched to find a replacement machine to finish the week. But the risks and hardships of that first fortnight were matched by the thrill of discovery – of unskied slopes and a new way of reaching them. The first heliskiers went home, told their friends about their adventure, and Gmoser’s company never looked back.
. . .
Half a century later, we crouch down beside the lake in front of the lodge and wait for our lift. It is -20C, cold enough to make steam rise from the water; a family of bald eagles swoops in and out of trees by the shore. Then, a low rhythmic thud carried on the wind, oddly familiar from countless Vietnam war movies; it grows louder as the helicopter approaches.
The flimsy three-seaters used in the early days have long gone; this is a twin jet engine Bell 212, which will easily swallow our group of 10, as well as the guide and pilot. There’s a surge of adrenalin as it eases down from the sky, rotors furiously beating the air, skids just feet from our huddled group, its belly close enough that I can see every rivet. The guide slides back the door and we clamber in, rushing and struggling to strap safety belts over our bulky clothes. Then the helicopter gently lifts and turns, crossing the misty lake and climbing the steep, forested slope on the far side.
Coming in as an outsider, CMH feels like a tight-knit club, if not quite a cult. The other skiers in my group – indeed 90 per cent of those in the lodge – are indistinguishable thanks to their brightly coloured Gore-Tex skiwear, all of it branded with the CMH logo. Most of them have been coming for years, if not decades, often moving between different CMH lodges before settling on a favourite.
Skiers waiting for a Bell 212 to pick them up
In part their loyalty is due to a gimmick introduced in the early 1970s. Each night, the vertical distance each client has skied that day is posted on a board in the lodge, along with their cumulated lifetime total. Perhaps it’s something to do with the alpha-personality types who go in for this kind of holiday, and who can afford it, but in the CMH club, people really seem to take pride in this (utterly meaningless) figure, a badge of how much virgin snow they have defiled. Those who hit a million vertical feet are awarded a special CMH ski suit, presented after dinner in the lodge. My total after four days was just over 80,000ft; the frontrunner in the lodge that week had notched up a lifetime total over 26 million (he is so in thrall to the experience that he keeps a room at the lodge for the entire season).
It would be easy to mock – to bemoan how the original motivation of exploration and escape has been replaced by one of consumption and competition – were the whole thing not done in such warm North American spirit. The special suits are awarded in a sort of gang show (think shaving foam and dressing-up) designed to humiliate as much as honour the recipient. Dinner is eaten around large communal tables – a concept that ordinarily strikes terror into my English heart but which is a delight here thanks to the friendliness of the mostly US guests and the club-like atmosphere that prevails. After dinner and at the bar, people stand up to tell jokes and shaggy-dog stories that have been passed down between generations of guides and guests. Some of the punchlines might have been lost along the way but it’s hard not to be charmed. By the second night, everyone seemed to know my name.
. . .
This winter there will be numerous events to mark the 50th anniversary of the sport Gmoser created, including several “nostalgia weeks”, but the connection with the past seems to run strong through the whole operation. Despite the delights of the new lodge, many of those I talk to like to remember the early days before its construction, when they stayed in a basic hostel used by workers building a nearby hydroelectric dam. They recall leaking roofs and lumberjacks swinging punches – even the day the hostel caught fire is a topic for nostalgia, as is another helicopter crash. “The machine was on its side and filling up with fuel – I thought I was a dead . . . ” one man tells me with a grin. Didn’t that put him off? “Well it was the final week of the season anyway but I was back the next year.”
Monashee Lodge
Perhaps this is the key: despite the luxury and the special suits, this remains a genuine adventure. In all, 42 people have died skiing with CMH, the most recent being last winter. Given the size of the operation, it’s not a surprising figure – it represents approximately one death per 31,000 skier days – but the presence of risk, no matter how small the chance of being involved, changes the atmosphere, making everything more vivid. Safety briefings are taken seriously, guides are respected, guests build stronger bonds, après-ski is more celebratory.
And whether it’s a club or a cult, it’s one with a total commitment to a single central tenet, one that remains the same now as it was in 1965. Our helicopter lands at the top of a run called Nagel East, touching down in a clearing surrounded by blackened tree trunks, the survivors of a past forest fire. We jump out, huddle together once more as our guide unloads the skis, then watch as the helicopter peels away off the mountainside to get the next group, its frantic noise replaced by a crescendo of silence.
I plunge downwards . . . The feeling is somewhere between falling and flying, a delicious mania found at the outer limit of control
The guide leads and we follow in line, traversing at first, poling hard to get moving in the deep snow, passing through a glade of skeletal trees, before regrouping where the mountainside starts to fall away. The guide gives a list of safety instructions, then one by one we push off.
The skis accelerate rapidly and then, like a speedboat starting to plane, rise up and come alive, floating through the thigh-deep snow. Powder like this can be more than 90 per cent air – less dense than the froth of a cappuccino – and it is the only thing supporting me against gravity’s pull. I plunge downwards, weaving between the black trunks that are the only solid, vertical reference points in a mad world tipped on its side and awash with rushing snow and plummeting skiers. Some turns send up white waves that cover my face. The feeling is somewhere between falling and flying, a delicious mania found at the outer limit of control.
This is skiing’s “rapture of the deep” – potentially dangerous because it is so all-consuming, calling skiers to go faster, to abandon restraint, do anything to prolong the sensation. But it is wonderful too, the club’s motivation and lifeblood, the ephemeral commodity that has sustained CMH for 50 years and built an industry, the siren call that draws people across the world and up long logging roads in the darkness.
Tom Robbins was a guest of Pure Powder ( purepowder.com ) and Air Canada ( aircanada.com ). Pure Powder, a specialist heli-ski tour operator and CMH’s UK agent, offers a week’s trip with CMH from CAD$11,500 (£6,329). Air Canada has daily flights from London to Kelowna, via Calgary, from £825
Photographs: Topher Donahue; Juergen Klecha; Alex O’Brien
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Modi lauds media s role in spreading awareness on Clean India campaignModi lauds media's role in spreading awareness on Clean India campaign
PTI
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives for a Diwali get-together with the media at the BJP headquarters in New Delhi on Saturday. -- R.V. Moorthy
New Delhi, Oct 25:  
Reaching out to the media, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today lauded its role in spreading awareness about his pet ‘Clean India’ campaign, saying it has helped remove the perception that the Government is responsible for everything.
At his first interaction with the media in Delhi after becoming the Prime Minister, he recalled his fond relations with the media when he was a BJP office-bearer before going to Gujarat as Chief Minister in 2001.
Using the Diwali milan (get-together) organised by BJP chief Amit Shah at the party headquarters, Modi freely mixed with a few hundred journalists, including top editors and beat reporters.
“I used to arrange chairs here (BJP office) waiting for you (media). Those were different days when we used to interact freely. I had a beautiful relationship with you and it helped me in Gujarat,” he told the assembled editors, reporters and other journalists at the Diwali milan (get-together).
Fondly recalling the deep relationship he had with the media, Modi said he was looking for ways to further deepen and expand the old relationship.
“Some way will be found. It is important to interact with the media directly rather than through reportage and articles. By interacting directly, one gets to know things which mediapersons cannot report. Not only does one get information but also vision, which is very valuable,” he said.
Swachch Bharat campaign
Referring to the ‘Swachch Bharat’ campaign launched by him, Modi said he was happy to see several articles, TV features and social media write-ups on the subject, giving the mission wide publicity.
“Media has converted its pen into broom... This is a service to the nation,” he said, saying he felt indebted for this.
He said although 80 per cent of the media coverage is criticism of Governments, this is an issue which affects the image of the country and impacts the poorest most.
“More important than healthcare is preventive healthcare and cleanliness plays a crucial role in this,” he said, adding that it is a national duty to raise awareness about the issue.
Noting that all, including influential people, are getting involved in the ‘Swachch Bharat’ campaign, he said the notion that the Government has to do everything has changed.
“For the last 60 years, the thinking was that the Government has to do everything. Now the thinking is that we all have to work together. This demonstrates how big a role media can play,” Modi said.
Media has inspired people to take part in the cleanliness exercise, he said.
Earlier, Shah said the Central Government is doing a good job after people reposed their faith in Modi’s leadership. He hoped that it would rise to the expectations of the people.
Modi later mingled with journalists, many of whom jostled to get clicked with him. Several young journalists did selfies with the Prime Minister, who happily obliged them.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

Get on the grundie trainOctober 24, 2014 5:13 pm
The return of the grundie
Jo Ellison
A full debrief on how grunge-era underwear came back into fashion
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b6bc5438-586c-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iraq government forces  militias take control of strategic town Jurf al-SakharIraqi government forces and Shi'ite militias took control of the strategic town of Jurf al-Sakhar.
By: Reuters | Cairo | Posted: October 26, 2014 1:17 am | Updated: October 26, 2014 1:18 am
Iraqi government forces and Shi’ite militias took control of the strategic town of Jurf al-Sakhar just south of Baghdad on Saturday.
They took control of the town breaking the grip of Islamic State militants after months of fighting, security officials said.
The officials said the Sunni insurgents fled to two nearby villages and were still attacking with sniper fire and mortars and government forces were preparing for a major overnight operation against them.

The local video store isn t dead  it just movedThe Local Video Store Isn't Dead—It Just Moved Online
A new study shows the best films and TV are available online.
Ben Keough and Tyler Wells Lynch
October 25, 2014
In my teens, a trip to the local Blockbuster was a Friday night ritual. Browsing the shelves at the video store was often more fun (and more time-consuming) than actually watching the movie I eventually picked out.
The experience of picking up the VHS and DVD slipcases, scrutinizing the blurbs on the back, and mentally cross-referencing the cast—there was a sense of adventure and mystery that's lost in this age of instant IMDb access and massive online review aggregators .
Gone but not forgotten. [Credit: Flickr user "chpaquette" (CC BY-NC 2.0)]
But while you might not be able to enjoy that kind of tactile browsing experience anymore (aside from the video section of your library), a study published earlier this month suggests the vast majority of top movies and TV shows are now available through online video on-demand (VOD) services.
Specifically, the report by KPMG found 94 percent of the top 808 films (defined by both popularity and critical acclaim) were available through streaming video services like Netflix, iTunes, and Amazon Prime. Similarly, 85 percent of the top 724 TV shows were available through the same platforms.
View Larger
“A significant number of digital films and television shows are available through a growing variety of online VOD platforms,” said Sanjaya Krishna, principal of KPMG’s media practice, in a statement . “With the proliferation of connected devices and increased adoption of VOD services, we expect consumers will continue to have expanded choice and availability of video content.”
"We expect consumers will continue to have expanded choice and availability of video content.”
Up until recently, though, streaming film and TV services suffered from a lack of depth in content. Between the closing of the last Blockbusters and the rise of platforms that allowed streaming media to compete with cable, DVD, and Blu-ray, it was difficult to find many specific titles—especially classic films and TV shows.
Today, the availability of content is better than ever, and services like CanIStream.it help users find exactly what's available and where to get it. But there’s still the problem of revenue—a puzzle even streaming giants like Apple and Spotify are having trouble solving . Advertising just isn’t cutting it.
For VOD services, the licensing system that determines which films and TV shows find their way to your PC, mobile device, or set-top box is increasingly expensive , and it’s forcing streaming companies to invest in original programming to balance the books.
Despite these challenges, subscription and pay-per-view services are likely to triumph over ad-supported networks like Hulu—at least when it comes to film and TV.
The KPMG study found 81 percent of top TV shows were available through sell-through or pay-per-view services like iTunes, while 44 percent were through streaming VOD like Netflix. Only 5 percent of those shows were found on ad-supported on-demand services.
Revenue hiccups aside, it’s still safe to assume the future of video is streaming.

PWD to launch online booking system for community centres  parksPWD to launch online booking system for community centres, parks
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
The Public Works Department is all set to launch an online system for booking its community centres and parks for marriage functions and other events.
The department has started trial run of the online booking project and is removing all hurdles coming in the way of implementing it.
“We have started the trial run of online booking system for community centres and open space/parks. With the launch of this project, Delhiites can book PWD’s parks and community centres for marriage functions and other events online and even make payment through Internet. This project may be launched on December 1,” said a senior official, who is looking after this project.
At present, there are over 12 community centres and open area/parks of PWD, including Gulabi Bagh where three marriage venues are available, Karkadooma, Kalyanvas and Timarpur.
According to the PWD official, Delhi residents have to book community centres manually by visiting Delhi Secretariat, which often consumes a lot of time.
“But, after launch of online booking system, people don’t need to visit Delhi Secretariat and all what they will have to do is just visit online. People can also book event venue from their homes. They can also check online if other function is due on their event date or not, which will be very useful for them,” he added.
The official also said this project will help bring full-transparency in the booking process.
Last month, PWD had blacklisted three tent operators, who were hand-in-glove with allegedly some employees of Delhi Government and used to make forged booking of PWD’s community centres and open space/parks with their help.
He said a resident, who is not an employee of Central and State governments, will have to book event venue 30 days prior to the function.
“For instance, a marriage function is to be held on November 30, he/she has to book event venue in the last week of October.
If a person, who is an employee of Delhi Government, will have to book community centre 90 days before the event date.
“Besides, employees of Central government can register booking 90 days before the function date,” he further added.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Govt may unveil new Planning body before winter sessionGovt may unveil new Planning body before winter session
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
The Government is likely to unveil the structure of the new official think tank that would replace the Planning Commission before the forthcoming winter session of Parliament in November.
“The government may form the new body to replace Planning Commission before the winter session,” a source said.
The Members of Parliament, he said, would obviously enquire about the status of replacement of the Commission which was announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his Independence Day speech from the ramparts of Red Fort.
In order to maintain continuity in this regard, the government has shifted the responsibility of determining the annual Plan spending from the Commission to the Finance Ministry.
Recently, the Finance Ministry had asked all ministries and departments to submit their Plan spending estimate for 2015-16 directly to it.
As per the earlier practice, the Central ministries as well as states used to send their annual Plan outlay proposals to the Commission for vetting.
After evaluating the budget proposals of the ministries and states, the quantum of Plan outlay was jointly finalised by the Commission and the Finance Ministry.
Besides negotiating the Play outlay of Central ministries and states with the Finance Ministry, the Commission has been evaluating various Cabinet proposals of different ministries, including big infrastructure projects.
The Commission also has the responsibility to draft five-year plans which are approved by the National Development Council headed by the Prime Minister with Cabinet ministers and chief ministers on its board.
Meanwhile, according to information available, the Cabinet Committee on Parliamentary Affairs headed by Home Minister Rajnath Singh would meet on Monday to decide on the schedule of winter session.
However, the source said that the session is expected to begin from November 24.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

401 Lok Sabha MPs yet to declare assets detailsLok Sabha Secretariat said in an RTI query said the assets details of 401 members of Lok Sabha are still awaited.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:13 pm
Over 400 incumbent Lok Sabha members including Rahul Gandhi, Sonia Gandhi, Lal Krishna Advani and Rajnath Singh have not yet declared their assets and liability details, according to an RTI reply.
Lok Sabha Secretariat said in an RTI query said the assets details of 401 members of Lok Sabha are still awaited.
According to the Members of the Lok Sabha Declaration of Assets Rules 2004, a member is supposed to declare his assets within 90 days of taking oath.
The Lok Sabha MPs who have not yet submitted the assets and liability details include Union Ministers Sushma Swaraj, Uma Bharti, Nitin Gadkari, and SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav.
Lok Sabha Secretariat said no communication in this regard was sent to the members until September 26, when the RTI was received.
According to the RTI reply, there are 209 BJP MPs who have not yet submitted their details. There are 31 members from Congress, 27 from TMC, 18 from BJD, 15 from Shiv Sena, 14 from TDP, 9 from AIADMK and 8 from TRS. 7 members are from YSR Congress, 6 from Lok Janshakti Party and 4 from NCP, CPI (M) and SP each, 3 members from Akali Dal, RJD, and AAP each, and 2 each from JD(U) and Apna Dal.
Action against the members who have not submitted their asset details are taken under the Assets and Liability Declaration Rules 2004, Provisions 5 and 6, and the Representation of the People Act 1951, Section 75 (A).
Other MPs who have not yet submitted their details include Union Minister Harsh Vardhan, Radha Mohan Singh, Anant Geete, Anant Kumar, Ramvilas Paswan, Capt Amarinder Singh, Veerappa Moily, Mehbooba Mufti, Upendra Kushwaha, Kiren Rijiju and Supriya Sule.
The members also include Santosh Kumar Gangwar, Former Prime Minister H D Devegowda, Kalyan Banerjee, Harsimrat Kaur Badal, Arjun Charan Sethi. Yogi Adityanath, S S Ahluwalia, Meenakshi Lekhi, Vinod Khanna, Kirron Kher, Hema Malini, Paresh Rawal, Ramesh

Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar: PROFILEPrint
Chief Minister of Haryana - Manohar Lal Khattar (Source: PTI Graphics)
By: Press Trust of India | Panchkula | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:03 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 8:19 am
An RSS man, Manohar Lal Khattar toiled on the ground to build the organisation for last four decades till he was handpicked by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to lead the first BJP government in Haryana.
The 60-year-old bachelor, known for his simple lifestyle and clean image, may be a first-time MLA but he has earned himself the reputation of a tough task master with a no-nonsense approach while working behind-the-scenes in key positions in BJP and is admired for organisational skills.
However, it is his proximity with Modi, who himself was a pracharak for Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), that catapulted him to the Chief Minister’s post.
The man, whose parents worked as labourers and who once wanted to be a medico, has become the first Punjabi chief Minister of Haryana and the first non-Jat leader to occupy the post after 18 years.
Known for his political acumen, Khattar played the role of a master strategist and successfully led many electoral campaigns for his party, the latest being 2014 Parliamentary elections in Haryana as chairman of Election Campaign committee.
It was in 1996, when Khattar was actively working in Haryana, that he first began working with Modi, who was then in charge of the state. In 2002, Khattar was given alloted Jammu and Kashmir as the state’s election Incharge.
Notably, Prime Minister Modi started his election campaign for the 2014 Haryana assembly polls by addressing his first rally on October 4 at Karnal, the constituency from where Khattar recorded an emphatic win.
Coming from a humble agricultural background, his family arrived in Haryana from Pakistan post-partition.
They settled at Nindana, a village situated in Haryana’s Rohtak district. To survive, his father and grandfather took up odd jobs as labourers, finally saving enough to start a small shop. It was in Nindana that Khattar was born in 1954.

Express LOL: After Queen Elizabeth  whos the unlikeliest celebrity to use TwitterPrint
By: Express LOL | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:50 pm
This week, we saw a nearly 90 year old monarch use Twitter, in the most surprising new user event since @superstarrajini. And, though Elizabeth was greeted more with polite conversation than outright surprise, we are 100% sure that everyone in the world was surprised.
So, who are some more unlikely celebs who will cause a huge furore when they do use or join Twitter? Here are the top six:

Private firms sales growth moderated in FY13: ReportPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:48 pm
Sales of private companies in the non-financial segment moderated in 2012-13, registering 17.6 per cent growth to Rs 2.01 lakh crore, as demand fell specifically from the services sector.
In 2011-12, these companies had sales growth of 24.1 per cent at Rs 1.71 lakh crore, as per the RBI data. The data was based on 1,628 private sector companies.
“Sales … moderated in 2012-13 due to lower increase, especially in the services sector. Both, operating expenses and value of production registered a significant decline in 2012-13,” RBI said.
Also higher increase in operating expenses than in value of production led to a lower growth in EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation).
EBITDA increase of most of the industries in manufacturing sector was higher in FY13 vis-à-vis the previous year except for machinery and machine tools and food product and beverages industries. In the services sector, it remained low except for computer and related activities industries, RBI said.
However, net profits of companies were higher in FY13 than a year ago at Rs 5,562.8 crore, up 10.2 per cent.
In the previous fiscal FY12, the net profit of these companies were down by 15.8 per cent to Rs 5,050 crore.
 

Dalit family alleges threat to lifeUpdated: October 26, 2014 15:43 IST
Dalit family alleges threat to life
Girish Pattanashetti
Ananth Kattimani, whose family was allegedly attacked by a group of 30 people last month, addressing a press conference in Hubli on Saturday.
TOPICS
Hubli
A Dalit family from Balehosur in Shirahatti taluk of Gadag district on Saturday alleged that they were facing a threat to their lives from Dingaleshwar Swami, touted as successor to the Moorusavir Math.
Six members of the family were attacked last month while they working on their farmland. Four of them who suffered multiple fractures are still undergoing treatment at KIMS Hospital here.
Addressing presspersons, siblings Ananth and Ashok Kattimani, who belong to the backward Ghantichor community, alleged that their family was attacked by a group of 30 people on September 26.
Mr. Ananth said that although his family members tried to lodge a complaint with the Laxmeshwar Police, their complaint was not taken as they were told a suo motu case had been registered. “However, when my cousin insisted on giving the complaint, they told him that they would receive it only when the names of Dingaleshwar Swami and Police Inspector of Shirahatti Shrinivas Meti were removed,” he said.
He charged that their only ‘fault’ was that they had objected to encroachment of the lake in Balehosur by Dingaleshwar Swami, and the unauthorised demolition of the houses of six residents to facilitate the expansion of the math’s building in the village.
“We had raised our voice against the encroachment of the lake and subsequently the High Court of Karnataka issued an order on July 5, 2011 directing government officials to restore the lake. In a related case pertaining to the demolition of houses, the High Court recently issued notices to the supporters of the swami. The attempt on our lives is to prevent us from going ahead with the case,” he said.
Mr. Ananth alleged that while the Deputy Commissioner of Gadag had ordered an independent inquiry, the police were trying to hush it up, terming it a “case of dispute over farmland”.
He said that while he had sent a memorandum to the Director-General of Police seeking police protection, and arrest of the swami and his supporters, he would also meet him to air his grievances.
Mr. Ashok claimed they were in constant fear of being attacked.

Rev deficit growing debt:Challenges before BJP-led Haryna govtRev deficit growing debt:Challenges before BJP-led Haryna govt
Swiss gold exports to India cross Rs 70 000 crore; banks turn wary after black money probeSwiss gold exports to India cross Rs 70 000 crore; banks turn wary after black money probe
Londons luxury housing market freeze intensifiesLondon’s luxury housing market freeze intensifies
Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6096663e-5b8c-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Everyone is a suspectBy Radley Balko October 24 Follow @radleybalko
Over at the Huffington Post , ACLU fellow Samia Hossain has a so-absurd-it’s-humorous rundown of Amtrak’s “indicators of criminality.” Amtrak tells its employees (and customers) that passengers exhibiting such behaviors “should immediately be reported to trained law enforcement personnel.” They include:
Unusual nervousness of traveler
Unusual calmness or straight ahead stare
Looking around while making telephone call(s)
Position among passengers disembarking (ahead of, or lagging behind passengers)
Carrying little or no luggage
Purchase of tickets in cash
Purchase tickets immediately prior to boarding
As is often the case with war-on-terror excesses, there’s a drug war antecedent here. The Supreme Court, for example, has given customs officials enormous leeway in identifying and detaining suspected drug couriers coming into the country, finding that the government need only “reasonable suspicion” before agents can stop you, detain you, interrogate you, seize and search your phone or laptop or even hold you in a room until you defecate. In his book “ Lost Rights ,” the journalist and libertarian activist James Bovard listed some of the signs the courts have approved as showing “reasonable suspicion.” Among them:
Being the first person off a plane
Being the last person off a plane
Someone authorities believe has tried to blend in to the middle of exiting passengers
Booking a nonstop flight
Booking a flight with a layover
Traveling alone
People who appear nervous
People who appear “too calm”
Merely flying to or from a city known to be a major thoroughfare in the drug pipeline
Bovard has some more on the suspected drug courier-terrorist connection here .
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Milk choice may affect vitamin D levelsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cameron refuses to pay 1.7 billion EU surchargeUpdated: October 25, 2014 22:42 IST
Cameron refuses to pay £1.7 billion EU surcharge
Parvathi Menon
European Union
Speaking at the end of a European Summit in Brussels, an angry David Cameron said that a surcharge of £1.7 billion that the European Commission has asked the United Kingdom to pay by December 1 was “completely unacceptable”.
“I’m not paying that bill on December 1,” the Prime Minister said. “It is not going to happen.”
The demand for the one-off payment comes because of new estimates of U.K.’s gross national income on the basis of standards set by Eurostat, the European statistical agency. These estimates show that Britain’s economy has performed better than other European economies and is therefore required to pay more into the common fund. Britain therefore has to pay its arrears as it were, although it has been hit with a bill much higher than say for the Netherlands, Italy, Cyprus and Greece.
It now transpires that the British Treasury knew about the surcharge but had not briefed the Prime Minister before the summit. The Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne knew about the impending demand but did not brief Mr. Cameron.
Mr. Cameron was put in a spot when the media asked him why his own Chancellor had not kept him informed about the payment. “You want to know the ‘who knew what whens’ and all the rest of it but actually, frankly, you don’t need a Cluedo set to know that someone has been clubbed with the lead piping in the library.”
He also found little support within the European Commission. The Dutch government, for example, had set aside reserves for its payment; the French President Francoise Holland (France is to receive a rebate of one billion euros) told Mr. Cameron to “stick to the rules”; and Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi denied that he had ever said “This is not a figure, this is a lethal weapon,” a statement that Mr. Cameron attributed to him.
National treasuries knew of the payments they would have to pay early this week as the EU budget of 2015 is being finalised. Nine countries have been identified for paying extra costs, and the concerned leaders have convened an emergency meeting of Finance Ministers next month to sort out the disagreements.
The issue will have political repercussions for Mr. Cameron and the Conservative party, who are facing pressures from eurosceptic right wing in both the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) and even within their own ranks. There is a by-election coming up in Rochester where there is a Conservative-UKIP face-off. Mr. Cameron has promised an in-out referendum on the EU in 2017 if his party forms the next government. He has also promised a restructuring of ties with the EU if the referendum is not for pulling out of the EU.

Junk food brands using Facebook to target young peopleJunk food brands using Facebook to target young people
PTI
Tweet
Melbourne, Oct 26:  
Junk food brands are engaging with young Facebook users to promote unhealthy foods which can contribute to obesity and lifestyle diseases, a new study has found.
Researchers at the University of Sydney have shed light on the digital marketing strategies of energy dense, nutrient-poor food (EDNP) brands to teens and young adults who are using Facebook.
“Our findings show that unhealthy food and beverage marketing is prolific and seamlessly integrated within online social networks,” said lead author Becky Freeman, from the University of Sydney’s School of Public Health.
“Adolescents and young adults are engaging with brands like Dominos, Slurpee and Skittles on Facebook on a near-daily basis.
“Given the exponential growth in use of social media websites such as Facebook among young people, there is a need to understand the techniques and reach of this kind of marketing on these sites.
“Soft drinks and energy drink brand pages are hugely popular on Facebook, reflecting the high consumption of these products among adolescents and young adults,” Freeman said.
The study used a sample of top-ranked Facebook pages of food manufacturers, food brands, retailers and restaurants.
The resulting analysis reviewed 27 food and beverage brand Facebook pages on the basis of their marketing techniques, follower engagement and marketing reach of messages posted by the pages.
“Young Facebook users willingly spread marketing messages on behalf of food and beverage corporations with seemingly little incentive or reward required,” Freeman said.
“Any activity that users engage with on brand pages can appear in the news feed of their friends, so marketing messages quickly amplify across social networks. This kind of consumer involvement and engagement is unique to social media communication,” Freeman said.
“The Facebook pages in our study were not simply low-budget fan pages, all were professionally moderated and appeared to be administered by either the company brand owner or an advertising agency,” said Freeman.
“In terms of health policy, much of the current work to limit exposure to EDNP advertising is focused on restricting advertisements during children’s television programmes and viewing hours.
“Our study shows that this narrow focus is likely to miss large amount of online advertising aimed at adolescents.
“As a minimal first step, increased monitoring of how EDNP food and beverages are marketed on social media is essential,” Freeman said.
Researchers said the study focused on Australian Facebook users, but the findings have international relevance given that many of the pages in the study were for global brands.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Housing prices remain stable in September  supply dips: CBREE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar:PROFILEPrint
Chief Minister of Haryana - Manohar Lal Khattar (Source: PTI Graphics)
By: Press Trust of India | Panchkula | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:03 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 8:19 am
An RSS man, Manohar Lal Khattar toiled on the ground to build the organisation for last four decades till he was handpicked by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to lead the first BJP government in Haryana.
The 60-year-old bachelor, known for his simple lifestyle and clean image, may be a first-time MLA but he has earned himself the reputation of a tough task master with a no-nonsense approach while working behind-the-scenes in key positions in BJP and is admired for organisational skills.
However, it is his proximity with Modi, who himself was a pracharak for Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), that catapulted him to the Chief Minister’s post.
The man, whose parents worked as labourers and who once wanted to be a medico, has become the first Punjabi chief Minister of Haryana and the first non-Jat leader to occupy the post after 18 years.
Known for his political acumen, Khattar played the role of a master strategist and successfully led many electoral campaigns for his party, the latest being 2014 Parliamentary elections in Haryana as chairman of Election Campaign committee.
It was in 1996, when Khattar was actively working in Haryana, that he first began working with Modi, who was then in charge of the state. In 2002, Khattar was given alloted Jammu and Kashmir as the state’s election Incharge.
Notably, Prime Minister Modi started his election campaign for the 2014 Haryana assembly polls by addressing his first rally on October 4 at Karnal, the constituency from where Khattar recorded an emphatic win.
Coming from a humble agricultural background, his family arrived in Haryana from Pakistan post-partition.
They settled at Nindana, a village situated in Haryana’s Rohtak district. To survive, his father and grandfather took up odd jobs as labourers, finally saving enough to start a small shop. It was in Nindana that Khattar was born in 1954.

Oil Ministry to overhaul exploration policy: DharmendraPradhanPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 2:55 pm
After unveiling major reforms since Bharatiya Janata Party’s storming to power, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan plans to overhaul the exploration policy to attract investors, spur energy output and revive the economy.
In parallel, the Ministry is setting stiff targets for state explorers like ONGC to reverse the declining trend in oil and gas output in recent years as it looks to cut on import dependence.
Pradhan, 45, wants to replace the 15-year old production sharing regime, which has produced more controversies and less oil and gas. Only three out of the 252 blocks given out have come to production stage. The new regime aims to inspire confidence in investors and require minimal government intervention.
“We want to increase ease of doing business in India. Bottlenecks have to be removed, red-tapism cut and investors given confidence so that they can come and invest in oil and gas exploration and production,” he told PTI here.
The focus is on raising domestic oil and gas production beginning with state explorers ONGC and Oil India, who had in the immediate past not met their own stated targets. They have been given a 10 per cent improvement target so as to cut imports, he said.
Top most on priority is monetisation of small and marginal fields lying with ONGC with help of private investment as well as technology, he said.
Natural gas pipeline network in the country will be doubled to 30,000 kilometres by 2019 to expand the reach of environment-friendly fuel. Also, state refineries are being asked to improve efficiencies to become globally competitive even as fuel retailing is opened up for competition.
“We have set priorities and targets at every level – upstream, midstream and downstream. Efficiencies have to improve. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has showed how the same set of people under the same system can deliver better results,” he said.
While the house is set in order, Pradhan wants India, which spent USD 143 billion to import crude oil last year, to diversify its purchases to guard against geopolitical risks in some of the world’s biggest suppliers.
“I met officials from the US recently and asked them to allow oil exports to India. We are keen to import oil from US, which currently does not allow oil exports. We will look at Russia and Latin America too,” he said.
Global oil prices slumping by 25 per cent from about USD 115 for a barrel in June to USD 85 or so, last week emboldened the government to press ahead with politically risky decisions of scrapping controls on diesel prices and raising natural gas tariff for the first time in four years, in a bid to lure investors and revive the economy.
“I consider these as big ticket reforms,” Pradhan said, adding that the government has also announced a 10-point reform of PSC for early monetisation of fields.
For the next licensing round, the experience of nine rounds of New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) where government entered into Production Sharing Contract (PSC) with explorers, like Reliance Industries, will be used.
The PSC regime, where explorer continued…

Why travelling in India can be costlier than trips abroadWhy travelling in India can be costlier than trips abroad
Vietnam keen on Indian participation in oil  gas explorationVietnam keen on Indian participation in oil  gas exploration
Celebs go on selfie spree with ModiCelebs go on selfie spree with Modi
Vietnam wants more Indian oil exploration projects in South China SeaVietnam wants more Indian oil exploration projects in South China Sea
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
On the eve of its Prime Minister’s visit here, Vietnam today favoured greater participation by Indian companies in oil and gas exploration projects in South China Sea, a huge source of hydrocarbons, and promised to extend full security to them.
Newly appointed Vietnamese Ambassador Ton Sinh Thanh rejected China’s objection to Indian oil exploration projects in South China Sea, asserting that that his country has the “right” to protect its interests.
“We hope that more oil and gas ventures of India can be done in Vietnam and we will create favourable condition for them,” Ton told PTI.
Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung will arrive here tomorrow on a two-day visit during which he will hold talks with top Indian leadership on a range of issues, including ways to enhance cooperation in security, defence and energy sector.
The two countries had established strategic ties in 2007.
The Ambassador said all oil exploration projects by India in South China Sea have been within the territorial waters of Vietnam and it will provide “full security” to Indian companies involved in them.
Identifying oil and gas exploration as a key area of cooperation, he indicated signing of a pact between the two countries during the visit of Prime Minister Nguyen.
In November last year, Vietnam had offered India five oil blocks and ONGC Videsh Ltd was looking at them in terms of their feasibility.
Recently, Vietnam had renewed India’s lease of two oil blocks in South China Sea for another year.
China and Vietnam have an acrimonious relationship due to their standoff over South China Sea, a major source of hydrocarbons.
China has been objecting to India’s oil exploration projects in the disputed waters. Both India and Vietnam have been looking at enhancing cooperation in the energy sector.
A Letter of Intent was signed between ONGC Videsh Ltd (OVL) and Vietnam Oil and Gas Group (PetroVietnam) during President Pranab Mukherjee’s visit to that country last month.
The LoI is aimed at further consolidating cooperation between India and Vietnam in the sector as well as to pave the way for future collaboration.
India has been supporting freedom of navigation and access to resources in South China Sea in accordance with the principles of international law, including the 1982 UN Convention on the Law of the Sea.
The Ambassador said the strategic partnership between India and Vietnam was now “better then ever” but noted that there was scope to further enhance cooperation.
“In all areas, the relationship has been developed quite fast and we are happy now and we are ready to go further forward to bring this partnership to higher level,” he said.
Ton said the focus of the visit will be to improve economic engagement between the two countries.
He said Vietnam will ensure “favourable conditions” to Indian investors.
The trade volume between India and Vietnam was recorded at over $seven billion during 2013-14 and plans are afoot to take it to $15 billion by 2020.
Oil and gas cooperation and extension of a $100-million credit by India for defence purchases were among seven pacts inked between India and Vietnam during Mukherjee’s visit to the country last month.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

U.S. Marines  British combat forces officially end Afghan operations  prepare withdrawalU.S. Marines, British combat forces officially end Afghan operations, prepare withdrawal
Reuters
Tweet
CAMP LEATHERNECK, Afghanistan, Oct 26:  
The last U.S. Marines unit and final British combat troops in Afghanistan officially ended their operations on Sunday as they packed up to leave the country and transferred a massive military base to the Afghan military.
The American and British flags were lowered and folded up for the final time Sunday at the regional headquarters of the international military, 13 years after the toppling of the Taliban's radical Islamist regime launched America's longest war.
Camp Leatherneck, in the strategic southern province of Helmand, is the largest U.S. base to be handed over to Afghan control as the coalition ends its combat mission. British forces transferred control of adjacent Camp Bastion at the same time.
The timing of the withdrawal of the troops was not released for security reasons.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Over 400 Lok Sabha members yet to declare assets detailsOver 400 Lok Sabha members yet to declare assets details
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Over 400 Lok Sabha members including Rahul Gandhi, Sonia Gandhi, Lal Krishna Advani and Rajnath Singh have not declared their assets and liability details to the House secretariat as on September 26, according to an RTI reply.
Lok Sabha Secretariat said in reply to an RTI query that the asset details of 401 members were awaited as on September 26.
According to the Members of the Lok Sabha Declaration of Assets Rules 2004, a member is required to declare his assets within 90 days of taking oath.
Lok Sabha MPs who had not submitted the details by that date included Union Ministers Sushma Swaraj, Uma Bharti, Nitin Gadkari, and SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav.
Lok Sabha Secretariat said no communication in this regard was sent to the members until September 26, when the RTI reply was received.
According to the RTI reply, the members included BJP (209), Congress (31), TMC (27), BJD (18), Shiv Sena (15), TDP (14), AIADMK (9) and TRS (8). Seven members were from YSR Congress, six from Lok Janshakti Party and four each from NCP, CPI (M) and SP, three each from Akali Dal, RJD, and AAP, and two each from JD(U) and Apna Dal among others.
Action against the members not submitting their asset details are taken under the Assets and Liability Declaration Rules 2004, Provisions 5 and 6, and the Representation of the People Act 1951, Section 75 (A).
Other MPs who had not yet submitted their details by that date included Harsh Vardhan, Radha Mohan Singh, Anant Geete, Anant Kumar, Ram Vilas Paswan, Amarinder Singh, M Veerappa Moily, Mehbooba Mufti, Upendra Kushwaha, Kiren Rijiju and Supriya Sule
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Clearing of defence deals shows intent of Modi Govt.  says Uday BhaskarClearing of defence deals shows intent of Modi Govt.  says Uday Bhaskar
Business  Latest  Companies  AAIBusiness  Latest  Companies  AAI
Happy New Year : Shah Rukh Khan s Unique Promotional Techniques for  HNY  [PHOTHappy New Year : Shah Rukh Khan s Unique Promotional Techniques for  HNY  [PHOT
UPDATE 1-Ukraine votes in poll likely to strengthen president s handUPDATE 1-Ukraine votes in poll likely to strengthen president s hand
Ensure investments get fructified:Assocham to new Haryana govtEnsure investments get fructified:Assocham to new Haryana govt
Drinks with Russian soldiers in LuganskCafé encounter exposes reality of Russian soldiers in Ukraine
Courtney Weaver in Lugansk
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/76bac354-59c2-11e4-9787-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Musharraf rules out conflict with IndiaMusharraf rules out conflict with India
Mail Today –  Fri 24 Oct, 2014
Print
Former Pakistan president General Pervez Musharraf rubbished the theory that the recent face-off between Indian and Pakistani forces began after India beat Pakistan in the Asian Games, calling it a "cock and bull story".
He said it would be stupid on the part of Pakistan Army to open a front with Indian forces at the LoC and International Border when they are involved in fighting terror in tribal agencies in Waziristan. "Pakistan Army at the moment is involved in fighting terrorism in the tribal agencies of North Waziristan. They are totally involved in that. They would be stupid and senseless to open a new front with India," Musharraf said in an interview to Headlines Today.
In his first interview to an Indian news channel after his release, the former president spoke about various issues, including derailing of the peace process between India and Pakistan, the role of Pakistan Army in Kashmir, war against terror, his future plans and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "anti-Pakistan" stand.
He again attacked Modi for being "anti-Muslim and aggressive towards Pakistan". "He started with negative credentials as far as Pakistan is concerned. What we are seeing from across the border, here in Pakistan, is that he is anti-Muslim and anti-Pakistan. These are his credentials with which he started. And he was even denied visa to the United States."
When asked if the Pakistan Army is sending terrorists inside India, he vehemently denied it and said, "I have said there are people in Pakistan ready to sacrifice and go across. We have been actually controlling them."
In a veiled threat, he said, "Like you are exploiting our instabilities in Pakistan, we have the capability of exploiting your instabilities too."
He accused India of being involved in destabilising Pakistan through Indian consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad and of indulging in anti-Pakistan activities. He said the RAW agents have training camps in Kandahar. But when he was asked to give specific evidence, like India has given in dossiers, he was evasive but dubbed evidence given by India about Pakistan's involvement in terror activities as "nascent".
He also sounded a warning on terror group Islamic State (IS) being a big threat to the subcontinent. "It has the potential to destabilise our region. And when I say our region, I mean Afghanistan, Pakistan and India. So please don't keep India out of it. Therefore, we must help each other fight and defeat terrorism and extremism too."
Talking about war against terrorism, he said the "need of the hour is to support Pakistan's fight against terrorism" and that the world should assist Pakistan in fighting terrorists instead of increasing "our problems to fight and confront them".
Musharraf dismissed speculation about him still nurturing political ambitions, saying he led his country for nearly 10 years and has no desire to become the prime minister or president of Pakistan. "I came to Pakistan knowing very well what will happen to me, knowing very well that I will have to face all these cases in court. My compulsion is only my mother, who is 95 plus," he said.
Recommend

Terror gives way to reflection in CanadaTerror gives way to reflection in Canada
Robert Wright in Ottawa and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a5008f68-5b5d-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nationwide offers its lowest-ever fixed rate© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c128094-5ad0-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Garry Trudeau takes on the GOPBy Alyssa Rosenberg October 24 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
The four Republican senators at the center of “Alpha House.” (Credit: Amazon Studios)
“Doonesbury” creator Garry Trudeau may have been ahead of the curve when he signed up to produce a television show for Amazon’s streaming service. But the series he created, “Alpha House,” which returns for its second season today, is hardly Trudeau’s first foray into political drama.
The comedy about four Republican senators who share a Capitol Hill townhouse continues in the tradition of Lacey Davenport , the “Doonesbury” Republican congresswoman from San Francisco, presidential aspirant Jack Tanner and the fictional MC Rap Master Ronnie , who took the Reagan message to minority voters in 1984. All of Trudeau’s politicians have something in common: they are trying to work out their political identities at a moment when their parties are facing realignment.
“The things that I’m interested in have changed dramatically,” Trudeau explained when he and I sat down to discuss “Alpha House” this summer. “I couldn’t have done ‘Tanner ['88,' his mockumentary about a Democratic presidential hopeful] with Republicans in the late 1980s in a way that I could have figured out that would have been interesting. And conversely, I couldn’t have done ‘Alpha House’ with Democrats. In what sort of bind are they that is dramatically interesting other than the fact that they can’t get anything done? They just come home and be frustrated.”
Trudeau is drawn to moments when political identities reach crisis points, and “Alpha House” is shot through with these faultlines. The first season featured the ramping up of primary season, galvanizing a group of men who were used to not having to work for their seats. As Trudeau puts it, “with these tea party challenges, man, it’s fun to watch!”
The characters have more existential dilemmas to go with the logistics of their reelection campaigns.
Louis Laffer Jr. (Matt Malloy) is plagued by gay rumors and tries to butch up his image on an overseas trip, even though he would rather be home in Washington making sure the townhouse, which he owns, is run smoothly. Gil John Biggs (John Goodman) is a hero because of his record as a college basketball coach but finds himself growing away from his constituents. Robert Bettencourt (Clark Johnson) is a black Republican from Pennsylvania whose defense of his party, particularly on access to the vote, is becoming less viable.
And then there is Andy Guzman (Mark Consuelos), the newest occupant of the house, and a brash freshman senator who does not bother to be coy about his presidential ambitions.
Andy is an irritant as a housemate, claiming a bigger room than his junior status should allow him and moving in his girlfriend, Miami mogul Adriana de Portago (Yara Martinez, channeling Lucille Ball), without asking permission. He is a political and generational challenge to his colleagues as well, a man who skirts the line on campaign finance laws and ethics, as well as in his personal style.
“There are a generation of young firebrands who say ‘Oh, yeah, it’s okay to throw bombs. Why wouldn’t it be okay to throw bombs? That seems perfectly normal to me,’” Trudeau says. “And they’ve grown up with the degraded culture of online conversation, and they’re comfortable with it. I think it’s fun having Andy in the house for that reason. He can’t quite understand why they’re having so many problems. You just adjust! You just pivot!”
These inflection points create opportunities for Trudeau and “Alpha House” to reach some surprising conclusions.
It is fairly common, for example, to lament the way lawmakers grow away from their constituents. But in an episode last season, “Alpha House” suggested that going away from home had actually been a good thing for Gil John. When he went back to his hometown of Ruby Shoals, the barbershop denizens he remembered fondly turned out to be the kind of guys who say unpleasant things about race in front of Gil John’s body man, Hakeem (Bjorn Dupaty).
“He had all these memories of it being a place of decency,” Trudeau says. “I idealize my small town upbringing. I grew up in a town of about 7,000. I don’t have any bad memories of that time. There must have been some, but I’ve edited them out.”
“I grew up in a Republican family and we lived next door to my best friend Peter, whose father was the publisher of the paper and was a Democrat, he worked for Stevenson,” Trudeau continued. “And my mother worked for Eisenhower. It wasn’t that it wasn’t important. It’s just that it didn’t create any tension between us. It didn’t say ‘Well, you’re just real different from me, you have a different worldview.’ So what am I papering over in my memory? What wasn’t I noticing? Or is that a reasonable facsimile of what was actually happening?”
In the second season, “Alpha House” also pushes at the idea that parties can survive as big tents. The Alpha House residents live next door to Democratic senator Rosalyn DuPeche (Wanda Sykes), who often drops by to check in on them. This year, Trudeau says that she has it out with Robert for his attempts to stay in the Republican party.
When Robert faces his first real challenger in some time in former Pennsylvania governor Ed Rendell, making a cameo on the series, “he has to hustle,” Trudeau explains. “And he sees his team working the new voting laws in a way that are pretty horrifying to him. And he’s got to face the reality of what voter suppression has become. . . . He has to come to terms with that, his party is pushing that.”
And “Alpha House” also asks how much politicians can restrain themselves to fit into a public role that is profoundly unnatural.
The wall Louis has built between himself and anything remotely gay acquires some cracks when his beloved staffer Julie (Brooke Bloom) decides to stop hiding her long-term relationship with Andy’s chief of staff, Katherine (Natalie Gold). And Andy’s compulsive womanizing gets in the way of his engagement to Adriana. His profligacy is less an expression of a self-destructive impulse and more an expression of privilege. Andy has gotten away with everything, so why not an affair with his housekeeper?
The “Alpha House” residents have to deal with these tensions and contradictions week to week. But Trudeau is looking forward to the big explosion, and all the political realignments that will come with it.
“In a national election, they’re going to have the Goldwater moment again, and that’s the only thing that can right the ship, I think, is total disaster, if they lose 46 states,” he told me. “You have to get those huge swings before there can be realignment. It was [Barry] Goldwater and then it was [Ronald] Reagan. . . . And [Bill] Clinton’s thinking there’s got to be a third way. It’ll happen.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

IMF introduces floor on interest ratesIMF introduces floor on interest rates
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9b3ea266-5bcc-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shah Rukh Khan s  Happy New Year  box office collections break Dhoom 3 record with Rs 45 cr on Day 1Home
Miscellaneous
Shah Rukh Khan's 'Happy New Year' box office collections break Dhoom 3 record with Rs 45 cr on Day 1
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Oct 27 2014, 07:24  IST
Oct 27 2014, 07:24  IST
 

Egon Schiele: the Radical NudeEgon Schiele, Courtauld Gallery, London
Jackie Wullschlager
The artist’s nude portraits are even more daring and disturbing than when he created them a century ago
©akg-images/Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest
‘Two Girls Embracing’ (1915)
Is a revolutionary artist more effective when his radicalism becomes the new establishment, or when he remains unnerving?
The story of the 20th-century avant-garde, from Duchamp to Damien Hirst, is of shocks co-opted so quickly by museum endorsement that turbulence is tamed, sensation muted. The only modernist to whom we have not accommodated ourselves in this way is Egon Schiele.
It is not just that there is not a single Schiele in any British public gallery. It is that his raw, expressive nude portrayals of young girls, children and of himself just out of adolescence are today more, not less, disturbing than when he created them in Vienna between 1910 and 1918. This may be why the Courtauld Gallery’s terrific new show of works on paper, Egon Schiele: The Radical Nude, is the first solo UK museum exhibition devoted to the artist.
It is a myth that Schiele was unsuccessful during his lifetime. In 1915 museums were already buying extremely provocative pieces: the gouache/watercolour stunner of a naked lesbian couple with nipples and lips highlighted in lurid red, “Two Girls Embracing”, for example, a highlight of this show, lent by the Szepmuveszeti, Budapest. By 1918, queues of collectors wanted virtuoso drawings such as the dramatically foreshortened “Woman in Boots with Raised Skirt” here, the unbroken economical black crayon line and compressed organisation, focused on a single aggressive staring eye and flash of genitals, achieved with a rushed fluency suggesting an immediate, two-minute encounter between artist and model.
More
More exhibitions including The Infinite World of Dadamaino and Egon Schiele
We know, too, of the steady pre-1914 market for Schiele’s tremulously explicit drawings and watercolours of his fragile-looking young lover Wally Neuzil, distinguished by her widely-spaced eyes, generous mouth, piled-up auburn hair and willingness to adopt frank poses, legs wide open, hands lifting clothes to expose vulva and pubic hair as in “Woman with Black Stockings”. Neuzil herself delivered these to clients whose ribald remarks often reduced her to tears.
Although Schiele moaned that he “certainly didn’t feel erotic” making such drawings, the Courtauld’s excellent catalogue shows how their composition – the framing of penetrable body parts, positioning of hands in relation to genitals, striptease-like juxtaposing of fabric and flesh – derive undeniably from the pornographic photographs pervading Vienna’s visual culture, available in every coffee house, at this time. Child prostitution was also rife, and Schiele employed under-age models – skinny, waif-like, with emaciated arms and claw-like hands – for images that hover between seduction and pathos, such as “Seated Nude Girl with Pigtails”.
©Leopold Museum/Manfred Thumberger
‘Crouching Woman’ (1914)
Another regular model was his younger sister Gerti; aged 17 and 13, the pair ran away together to Trieste, following the route of their parents’ honeymoon. In “Seated Female Nude with Raised Right Arm”, Gerti is half-aware of her blossoming sexuality, half-absorbed merely in adjusting her luxuriant hair. Was Schiele, in the city where Freud was inventing psychoanalysis, engrossed in fantasies about childhood sexuality and incest, or drawing attention to abuse, or colluding with it, or simply pushing expressive realism to its limits? Whatever he was doing, it became more troubling as, in the 20th century, we all became Freudians.
By the 1940s and 1950s there were only a handful of collectors. At the first UK exhibition, at Marlborough Gallery in 1964, Oskar Kokoschka derided its organiser Wolfgang Fischer, “So you’ve been having a show of that little crook, that pornographer”, and the Burlington Magazine said the works resembled “inspired graffiti from some public lavatory”. Collector Benedict Silverman, who a little later displayed his Schieles in his New York penthouse, told me: “No one ever said, ‘Wow!’. People would walk away in distaste. ‘How can you live with these?’ was the response.”
Are we less reticent now? In an era obsessed by underage grooming and fears of childhood under attack from internet porn, I am not sure it is possible to look at Schiele without unease. Indeed, the only parallel I can think of for a great work of art increasingly disturbing us is the fraught responses to Vladimir Nabokov’s Lolita (1955). Yet just as no writer has depicted a vulnerable 12-year-old girl more tenderly than Nabokov, so no painter ever caught the innocent/knowing, awkward/manipulative contradictions of early teenage self-presentation as delicately, heartbreakingly, as Schiele.
©Fine Art Images/Heritage Images
The artist photographed by Anton Josef Trcka in 1914
The drama of emerging self-identity, writer and artist acknowledged, included sexuality, its power, confusion, even tragedy – as in Schiele’s striking, subverted Madonna motif, “Woman with Homunculus”, depicting a young girl casting us a sly, sexual glance as she pulls away in horror from a deformed child attached to her back.
Schiele’s own self-confrontations between 1910 and 1913 are brilliantly orchestrated. In precarious, histrionic poses, he is by turns feverishly animated, as in the frantically scribbled limbs and musculature of the tilted, gyrating “The Dancer”, or stilted and jerky as a puppet or mime, in the Museum of Modern Art’s ravishing “Standing Male Nude with Arms Raised, Back View”.
In the nervous, jagged outlines of “Standing Man”, Schiele is a bony beggar, rags falling off his back; the cadaverous “Self-portrait, Nude”, in muddy rust-browns and ochres, evokes flesh fallen away; arms and legs are truncated. “Nude Self-portrait in Grey with Open Mouth”, where contorted features and parted lips recall the despairing expression of Munch’s “The Scream”, takes the form of a crucified figure, the racked body a code for artistic suffering. No one had depicted the artist as ugly and decrepit before. What is staged, what authentic? This is the truth of the adolescent mind, searching, shifting, adopting extreme positions. But the formal achievement is precociously assured: deft use of colour; intensely articulated contours that make one feel viscerally flesh and sinew.
©Leopold Museum/ Manfred Thumberger
‘Nude Self-Portrait’ (1910)
Although Schiele had an easy war – as a guard in a camp of Russian prisoners, whom he drew – he grew up after 1914; there are fewer tormented self-portraits, and the beginnings of a greater monumentality emerged. The defiantly inelegant view of buttocks and hips, huge in relation to the receding shoulders and tiny bunch of hair, in “Female Nude, Back View”, and the hunched figure carved from a cocoon of emerald and blue drapery in the complex “Crouching Woman with a Green Headscarf”, are magnificently sculptural.
Aged 28, Schiele died in the Spanish flu epidemic of 1918; his final drawings were of his pregnant, dying wife, who predeceased him by three days. Benefiting from top loans, this concentrated show of an arrested genius is among London’s best exhibitions of 2014.
‘Egon Schiele: The Radical Nude’, Courtauld Gallery, London, October 23-January 18, courtauld.ac.uk
Photographs: akg-images/Museum of Fine Arts, Budapest; Leopold Museum/ Manfred Thumberger; Fine Art Images/Heritage Images/Getty Images
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Uddhav skips Modi eventUpdated: October 26, 2014 01:34 IST
Uddhav skips Modi event
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray.
TOPICS
alliances and coalition
With the BJP keeping the Shiv Sena guessing, party chief Uddhav Thackeray chose to skip a function attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi here on Saturday.
Mr, Modi arrived in the afternoon for the inauguration of Sir H.N. Reliance Foundation Hospital for which Mr. Thackeray too had an invitation. On Sunday, Shiv Sena MPs are due to attend a high tea for NDA constituents hosted by Mr. Modi. Mr. Thackeray has not been invited for the function, which is restricted to MPs.
While party leaders concede that an alliance with the Sena is most likely, a section is still floating the option of a minority government to pressure the Sena further.

Modi lauds media role in Swachh Bharat campaignNew Delhi, October 25, 2014
Updated: October 30, 2014 17:17 IST
Modi lauds media role in Swachh Bharat campaign
Gargi Parsai
waste reduction
Says journalists have turned their 'pens into brooms'
Seeking to quell criticism that there is no media interaction with the Prime Minister’s Office under the new National Democratic Alliance regime, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday reached out to the media at a BJP function to mark Diwali and New Year “as celebrated in Gujarat.”
The Prime Minister chose his pet subject, the Clean India Campaign, for his outreach to praise the media for highlighting the importance of the campaign, particularly the lack of sanitation, as this was hurting India’s image abroad and spreading disease in the country.
I saw several TV channels showing dirt left behind after crackers. I congratulate them for spreading awareness on importance of cleanliness
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 24, 2014
Striking a friendly note, Mr. Modi said he was “obliged” that journalists had turned their “pens into brooms” and were contributing collectively to a national cause, which in any case was not the job of the government alone.
“Clean India is a precursor to a healthy India. Lack of sanitation not only hurts India’s image abroad but also breeds diseases. More important than healthcare is preventive health,” he said. Much to the disappointment of those present, the Prime Minister did not take any questions from the invited galaxy of editors, owners of media houses and reporters but he did convey that he wanted to deepen and expand his earlier relationship with the media. “I remember laying chairs and waiting for you at the BJP headquarters here [as a party office-bearer],” he said amid laughter.
Several friends told me that a lot of people cleaned the areas where they burst crackers during Diwali. I congratulate them for the efforts.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 24, 2014
Much to the disappointment of those present, the Prime Minister did not take any questions from the invited galaxy of editors, owners of media houses and reporters but he did convey that he wanted to deepen and expand his earlier relationship with the media. “I remember laying chairs and waiting for you at the BJP headquarters here (as a party office-bearer),” he said amidst laughter.
"Media has converted its pen into broom. This is a service to the nation."
Referring to ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign he said the government alone cannot do everything and he was grateful for the part played by the media in giving wide publicity to the campaign and contributing to the national cause as a everybody’s issue.`` Although 80 per cent of media coverage is critical of the government, this is an issue that impacts the country’s image and the poorest.’’
"Media has inspired people to take part in cleanliness exercise."
Sharing the dais with Mr. Modi were Party President Amit Shah senior ministers Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj, Prakash Javadekar and party general secretary J.P. Nadda. Union Ministers Arun Jaitley, Dharmendra Pradhan and Piyush Goyal were also present as were several party office bearers giving the media an opportunity to get to know the VVIPs over lunch that followed.
Earlier Mr. Shah said with the BJP in power at the centre the mood of despondency in the country is over and the government has delivered in its four months of governance.

Manohar Lal Khattar sworn-in as Haryana chief minister  first from BJPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

401 Lok Sabha MPs yet to declare assetsdetailsLok Sabha Secretariat said in an RTI query said the assets details of 401 members of Lok Sabha are still awaited.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:13 pm
Over 400 incumbent Lok Sabha members including Rahul Gandhi, Sonia Gandhi, Lal Krishna Advani and Rajnath Singh have not yet declared their assets and liability details, according to an RTI reply.
Lok Sabha Secretariat said in an RTI query said the assets details of 401 members of Lok Sabha are still awaited.
According to the Members of the Lok Sabha Declaration of Assets Rules 2004, a member is supposed to declare his assets within 90 days of taking oath.
The Lok Sabha MPs who have not yet submitted the assets and liability details include Union Ministers Sushma Swaraj, Uma Bharti, Nitin Gadkari, and SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav.
Lok Sabha Secretariat said no communication in this regard was sent to the members until September 26, when the RTI was received.
According to the RTI reply, there are 209 BJP MPs who have not yet submitted their details. There are 31 members from Congress, 27 from TMC, 18 from BJD, 15 from Shiv Sena, 14 from TDP, 9 from AIADMK and 8 from TRS. 7 members are from YSR Congress, 6 from Lok Janshakti Party and 4 from NCP, CPI (M) and SP each, 3 members from Akali Dal, RJD, and AAP each, and 2 each from JD(U) and Apna Dal.
Action against the members who have not submitted their asset details are taken under the Assets and Liability Declaration Rules 2004, Provisions 5 and 6, and the Representation of the People Act 1951, Section 75 (A).
Other MPs who have not yet submitted their details include Union Minister Harsh Vardhan, Radha Mohan Singh, Anant Geete, Anant Kumar, Ramvilas Paswan, Capt Amarinder Singh, Veerappa Moily, Mehbooba Mufti, Upendra Kushwaha, Kiren Rijiju and Supriya Sule.
The members also include Santosh Kumar Gangwar, Former Prime Minister H D Devegowda, Kalyan Banerjee, Harsimrat Kaur Badal, Arjun Charan Sethi. Yogi Adityanath, S S Ahluwalia, Meenakshi Lekhi, Vinod Khanna, Kirron Kher, Hema Malini, Paresh Rawal, Ramesh

M.P. Govt to start paddy procurement from Nov 3M.P. Govt to start paddy procurement from Nov 3
PTI
Tweet
Bhopal, Oct 26:  
With an aim to give farmers due price for their produce, the Madhya Pradesh Government will begin procurement of paddy crop on minimum support price from November 3 this year.
The procurement will conclude on January 25 next year.
While common paddy will be procured on a support price of Rs 1,360 per quintal, Grade A paddy will be procured at Rs 1,400 per quintal.
The Government expects to procure 17 lakh MT paddy this year, an official release said today.
Madhya Pradesh State Civil Supplies Corporation will procure paddy in all districts of Sagar, Rewa and Shahdol divisions and in Jabalpur division’s Katni, Narsinghpur, Chhindwara, Mandla and Seoni districts, it said.
The State Cooperative Marketing Federation will procure paddy in the remaining districts.
A computerised receipt against procurement of paddy will be given to farmers. It will contain the name, bank account number and payable amount. It will bear the signature of procurement body’s in-charge.
Directives have been given to transfer funds in the farmers’ concerned bank accounts within seven days.
Registration of farmers will be mandatory for procurement. They will be intimated through SMS to bring the produce for sale at the procurement centres five days in advance.
A control room for paddy procurement is being set up at the Directorate of Food & Civil Supplies (Vindhyachal Bhavan) which will function from November 3, 2014 to January 25, 2015 from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. it added.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Minister expresses concern over deep sea fishing policy reportMinister expresses concern over deep sea fishing policy report
V Sajeev Kumar
Tweet
Kochi, Oct 26:  
The Kerala Fisheries Minister, K Babu, has expressed concern over the deep sea fishing policy report, saying that "it is harmful to traditional fisher folk in the country''.
Suggestions in the report prepared by the B Meenakumari Commission would badly affect the lives of fishermen. He said that the new policies of the Union Government would destroy the fisheries sector and the State Government would convey its concerns to the Centre shortly.
The Minister was speaking after laying the foundation stone for setting up of an Ocean Studies Campus of Kerala University of Fisheries and Ocean Studies (KUFOS) at Puthuvypeen.
Emphasising the need for serious research on climate change, global warming, cyclones etc, the Minister hoped that the proposed Ocean Studies Campus of KUFOS would provide adequate human resources in the sector to address these problems. The campus would be made a centre of excellence in ocean studies, with international standards.
Inaugurating a one-day workshop for shrimp farmers, K V Thomas, MP, said that Vanammei shrimp culture would uplift the living standards of fish farmers.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

DLF unable to redeem Rs 2500 crore mutual funds due to Sebi s banHi Guest
DLF unable to redeem Rs 2500 crore mutual funds due to Sebi's ban
As DLF is unable to redeem mutual funds worth Rs 2,500 crore in view of Sebi's ban on the largest builder in a case pertaining to its IPO in 2007, MFs have said that the capital market regulator should not enforce all its rules on them. "As a ...

PM invites ideas on key issues ahead of Australia visitPM invites ideas on key issues ahead of Australia visit
Amitabh Bachchan at Kamaal R Khan s "Box Office" Website LaunchAmitabh Bachchan at Kamaal R Khan s "Box Office" Website Launch
PM congratulates Khattar on taking oath as Haryana CMPM congratulates Khattar on taking oath as Haryana CM
Working to recover loans from KFA: Private banksWorking to recover loans from KFA: Private banks
Badal  Abhay Chautala attend Manohar Lal Khattar oath; Hooda  not invitedBadal  Abhay Chautala attend Manohar Lal Khattar oath; Hooda  not invited
7-year-old girl raped; body found with slit throat in Ghaziabad7-year-old girl raped; body found with slit throat in Ghaziabad
NDA MPs to be apprised of PM s pet projects at  Diwali MilanNDA MPs to be apprised of PM's ambitious projects at 'Diwali Milan'
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ambitious projects such as the Clean India campaign and the MP Model Village scheme will be taken up during the high tea for NDA MPs this evening with a view to seek their support and participation for its success.
Along with refreshments, the MPs will be given ministerial presentations on PM’s Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana (SAGY) at the tea party organised as part of Modi’s ‘Diwali Milan’.
“The MPs will be given presentations on Swacchh Bharat Abhiyan and Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana by the ministers concerned for their support and participation in making them a success. It will be followed by high tea,” Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar told PTI.
Union Minister for Rural Development Nitin Gadkari will give a presentation on SAGY and seek active participation from the MPs for the success of the programme which was launched by Modi on October 11.
Presentation on Swachh Bharat Abhiyan will be given by Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu.
The Diwali Milan get together hosted by PM is significant as it comes ahead of government formation in Maharashtra, amid speculation of a possible BJP-Shiv Sena tie-up.
Union Minister Anant Geete said all Shiv Sena MPs will be present at PM’s tea party but clarified that party supremo Uddhav Thackeray will not attend as the get together was only meant for NDA MPs.
Some of NDA allies will not be attending the Diwali Milan as they do not have a single leader elected as MP. These include BJP’s Tamil Nadu allies MDMK and DMDK.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Revenue deficit  growing debt: Challenges before BJP-led Haryana govtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Blackmoney: Government to move Swiss with new hope in Hasan Ali caseE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Im safe and sound  tweets MOM after comet sightingUpdated: October 21, 2014 05:04 IST
I’m safe and sound, tweets MOM after comet sighting
Madhumathi D. S.
Tweet
Reuters
Within hours of the comet’s encounter around Sunday midnight , the NASA and the European Space Agency put out separate reports to say their rovers and orbiters are healthy and safe after the comet’s visit.
TOPICS
space programme
Images and data sent by the orbiter are being processed
“Phew! Experience of a lifetime. Watched the # MarsComet#SidingSpring whizzing past the planet. I'm in my orbit, safe and sound.”
Apart from that tweet on behalf of the Indian Mars orbiter on Monday afternoon — that it watched the comet fly by and that the spacecraft itself is fine in the dusty aftermath — the suspense must continue for a while about what exactly the Indian Mars orbiter saw on Sunday night over the Martian skies.
Phew! Experience of a lifetime. Watched the #MarsComet #SidingSpring whizzing past the planet. I'm in my orbit, safe and sound.
— ISRO's Mars Orbiter (@MarsOrbiter) October 20, 2014
ISRO officials involved in the Mars Orbiter Mission(MOM) said the images and data that MOM sent were being processed as on Monday evening. The first pictures could be made public in a couple of days while data on the comet may take longer to interpret. There was an hour’s communication blackout during the comet’s fly-by that happened millions of kilometres away from Earth. The information was retrieved from recorded and stored data.
Within hours of the comet’s encounter around Sunday midnight , the NASA and the European Space Agency put out separate reports to say their rovers and orbiters are healthy and safe after the comet’s visit. They also posted images of Comet Siding Spring (C/2013 A1) that would make much sense to professional star-gazers.
The comet was visible through powerful telescopes to comet watchers in the southern hemisphere.

Aamir at his quirkiest best in PK trailerLink
1 month 15 days ago, India Movies Editorial
PK, according to the leading lady Anushka Sharma is a 'namuna' with eyes like 'headlights' and ears like 'flying saucers'. Aamir at his quirkiest best
More on India Movies Editorial:
Related Videos

India bound: Vietnam PM leading 50-member biz teamVietnam's Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung
New Delhi, October 24:  
A 50-member Vietnamese business delegation will accompany Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung during his two-day state visit here which begins on Monday.
Speaking to newspersons on the Vietnamese Prime Minister’s visit, Sanjay Bhattacharyya, Joint Secretary, Ministry of External Affairs, said that the two countries had exceeded the bilateral trade target of $7 billion ahead of schedule but there was potential to do even better.
“Economic engagement will be the top priority (during the visit). Our aim is to make this a strong pillar of our partnership. Vietnam is keen to diversify its economic base and this provides a window of opportunity for both countries to expand and diversify this economic engagement,” he said.
During 2013-14, trade between the two countries stood at $8 billion registering a growth of over 30 per cent over the previous year, the Ministry Spokesman said.
India and Vietnam have also identified certain key areas to boost trade which include textiles, chemicals including dyes and agro chemicals, machinery, leather and footwear and also services such as finance, tourism and IT, said Bhattacharyya.
The visit also assumes importance as from next year Vietnam will be the country coordinator for India in the Asean which will provide greater possibilities for deeper engagement with the regional body, the Spokesman said.
Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung will travel to Bodh Gaya before coming to the National Capital, the Spokesman added. In the Capital, the visiting dignitary will have both restricted and delegation level talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi apart from calling on the President, Vice-President and meeting with senior Government ministers.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Pawar lavishes praise on ModiUpdated: October 25, 2014 18:56 IST
Pawar lavishes praise on Modi
Shoumojit Banerjee 
political development
The Congress’ estranged ally, the Nationalist Congress Party, which offered unsolicited and unconditional outside support to the Bharatiya Janata Party in Maharashtra to form a government in the state, has lavished generous praise on Narendra Modi-led NDA government saying that it is making “sincere efforts” to reach out to people.
“The government appears to be sincere and intent on achieving a lot of things. One should give it more time and only then judge its performance,” said NCP chief Mr. Pawar, speaking in Baramati on Saturday.
The offer of unconditional support to the BJP in Maharashtra even as the results were trickling in was criticised by his political opponents as a move to save alleged corrupt leaders of his party during the ten year Congress-NCP rule in the state. It was also interpreted as an attempt to isolate the Shiv Sena and block its chances of returning to the BJP fold.
The merits of these arguments apart, Mr. Pawar has been cautious since the formation of the NDA government at the centre. For instance he refused to join ranks with the UPA constituents in blocking initiatives of the NDA in the Rajya Sabha where the Modi government does not have numbers.
Mr. Pawar especially appreciated the Prime Minister’s gesture of celebrating Diwali with the flood-hit people of Jammu and Kashmir and reaching out to soldiers guarding the frontier at the Siachen glacier.
However, Mr. Pawar's praise has not gone well with at least one of the smaller allies of the BJP in the state. Rashtriya Samaj Paksha leader Mahadev Jankar, whose party has allied with the BJP, has said that comments of Mr. Pawar on the Prime Minister are opportunist.
“Sharad Pawar is notorious for his opportunist politics. Our party’s aim has been to topple the Pawars in Maharashtra’s sugar belt. We hope the BJP does not take the NCP’s support,” said Mr. Jankar, whose party secured only one seat in the recently concluded Assembly elections.
He remarked that Mr. Pawar’s move to offer the support of his 41 MLAs to the BJP smacked of “a desperate gamble to preserve his political existence”.

RSS rushes to disown  kill  Nehru articleE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India Met says very severe cyclone will target North GujaratCyclone Nilofar may hit north Gujarat by Thursday
Vinson Kurian
Source: IMD Satellite image taken on October 26, 2014.
Will drag itself into the way of a western disturbance eventually
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 26:  
India Met Department has issued a pre-cyclone watch for north Gujarat as Cyclone Nilofar took birth in the west-central and adjoining southwest Arabian Sea.
The cyclone was more or less unchanged from its location from morning at 1,270 km west-southwest of Mumbai, an afternoon update by the Met said.
Landfall timeline
It was at least two days away from landfall over northwest Gujarat and adjoining Karachi in Pakistan, according to international models.
Nilofar (a name contributed by Pakistan) would intensify into a very severe cyclonic storm, but not as strong as predecessor Hudhud that rammed the coast of Visakhapatnam earlier this month.
India Met expects Nilofar to pack peak winds reaching speeds of 120- to 130 km/hr gusting to 145 km/hr.
In contrast, Hudhud had featured ferocious winds topping 175 km/her and gusting to 200 km/hr.
The landfall is expected to take place by Thursday/Friday, according to initial projections.
In its outlook, the US Naval Observatory too had said that the cyclone may not ratchet up to the strength originally estimated, and could feature peak wind speeds of 138 km/hr.
System Strength
The building cyclone is now practically stationary and will take some time to move north-northwest but when it does, will drag itself into the way of a western disturbance. Transiting across the Arabian Gulf, the westerly system will scoop the cyclonic system by the collar and haul it towards the Indo-Pak coast where it will be deposited. As the cyclone approaches the coast, intrusion of dry air from land and increase in vertical wind shear (sudden change in wind speed and direction with height) will affect the storm structure and strength.
Also, sea-surface temperatures near the Indo-Pak coast were 27.8 deg Celsius compared to those of the coastal Oman waters which had warmed up to 28.8 deg Celsius. Warmer waters help evaporation, which helps rising water vapour to rise up the storm tower, condense and add to thunder cloud formation which adds to system strength.
The system weakens when the waters cool down and allow for evaporation to take place on a lesser scale only.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

European Union doubles assistance to 1 billion euros to combatEbolaBy: Press Trust of India | Berlin | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:45 pm
The European Union has nearly doubled its assistance to combat the raging Ebola virus in West Africa to 1 billion euros.
The heads of state and government of the 28-nation bloc agreed upon the move at their two-day summit concluded in Brussels on Friday.
“EU member nations pledged at the meeting to increase their financial assistance to continue to provide emergency assistance for the population affected by the Ebola epidemic and to support a “sustained, coordinated and increased” effort to curb the spread of the deadly virus,” a joint statement said.
Before providing 1 billion euros (USD 1.26 billion), EU leaders had pledged nearly 600 million euros to pay for medical staff and facilities in the worst affected countries – Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, where some 4,900 people have died of the disease.
In addition to the financial assistance, the EU nations also agreed to increase the deployment of medical and support staff in the affected region.
While expressing their “deep concern” over the continuing spread, the member states said that the scale of the epidemic is a threat not only to the economy and stability of the affected countries, but also to the region as a whole.
They called upon the EU high representative on foreign affairs and the European Commission to develop a package of measures addressing the wider political, security and economic implications of the Ebola crisis in West Africa.
EU member nations and the European Commission pledged to provide appropriate care for international health workers within available resources to receive the treatment they needed, including thorough medical evacuation.
They also agreed on the use of the Emergency Response Coordination Centre to promote the deployment of voluntary health experts.
They shared the view that helping West Africa to cope with the crisis is the best way to prevent a serious outbreak of the disease elsewhere in the world.
However, in the wake of the first confirmed case of Ebola infections in Europe, the state of preparedness within the EU and further efforts to protect EU countries and their citizens must be given top priority, the statement said.
They called for precautionary measures to reduce the risk of contagion, including coordinated preventive actions within the EU such as sharing of information and best practices, training of health professionals and entry screenings if necessary.

Islamic State threatens to kill British jihadis wanting to returnhomePrint
By: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:33 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 3:45 pm
Muslim extremists from Britain, who went to Syria and Iraq to fight alongside the Islamic State, are now desperate to return home but are facing death threats from the militant group’s top leaders, a media report said.
“There are Britons who upon wanting to leave have been threatened with death, either directly or indirectly,” the Guardian reported, citing a source with extensive contacts among Syrian militant groups.
The report comes after the killing of another young Muslim from Portsmouth on the frontline in Syria, the fourth to die from a group of six men known as the “Pompey lads’ who travelled together to fight for ISIS.
19-year-old Muhammad Mehdi Hassan is understood to have died on Friday during the ISIS offensive to capture the Syrian border city of Kobani.
Hassan was part of a group of five calling themselves the Britani Brigade Bangladeshi Bad Boys.
ISIS is an Al-Qaeda splinter group and it has seized hundreds of square miles in Iraq and Syria.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the militant group, declared himself as Caliph renamed the ISIS as Islamic State.
Al-Qaeda has distanced itself from the group, chiding it for its lack of teamwork in its aggressive, brutal expansion.
The former Guantanamo Bay detainee Moazzam Begg confirmed that he was also aware of dozens of British men keen to return to the UK but they were trapped in Syria and Iraq, in effect held by a group they wanted to leave, the paper said.
Begg said he knew of more than 30 who wanted to come back. They had travelled to join rebels fighting the Syrian regime of President Bashar al-Assad but had subsequently become embroiled with ISIS, some for language reasons – ISIS had more English-speaking members.
“When it becomes solidified as an Islamic State, a caliph and you swear allegiance, thereafter if you do something disobedient you are now disobeying the caliph and could be subject to disciplinary measures which could include threats of death or death,” said Begg.
There are an estimated 500 Britons who have travelled to fight in Iraq and Syria. Overall, 24 Britons are believed to have died after travelling to fight in the bloody civil war.

Modi to push for pet projects during NDA high teaNew Delhi, October 26, 2014
Updated: October 27, 2014 11:36 IST
Modi marshals NDA MPs
Tweet
The Hindu
Prime Minister Narendra Modi told the NDA’s close to 400-odd MPs on Sunday evening that he expected them to take his government’s “pro-poor” initiatives pro-actively to the people. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MPs during a high tea at his residence in New Delhi on Sunday.
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi waves during the swearing-in ceremony of Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar in Punchkula on Sunday.
TOPICS
political parties
Focus on flagship schemes; Anant Geete leads Sena team
Ahead of the crucial winter session of Parliament, Prime Minister Narendra Modi told the NDA’s close to 400-odd MPs on Sunday evening that he expected them to take his government’s “pro-poor” initiatives pro-actively to the people, as these were not the exclusive property of some political parties/governments (a snide reference to the predecessor UPA dispensation). He also said he expected them to conduct themselves in a “righteous” manner, never indulging in any activity that may bring them into disrepute.
Mr Modi’s pointed message to his flock was delivered over high tea — attended, interestingly enough by the entire Shiv Sena contingent — on the lawns of 7 Race Course Road. It was the first such gathering of NDA MPs, but Mr Modi promised that this would become a regular feature.
Union Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu, playing master of ceremonies, urged MPs to contribute to enhancing the quality of debates in Parliament, explained the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’s objectives, and announced that Sardar Patel’s birth anniversary on October 31 would be celebrated annually as Ekta Diwas, when all government servants will take the unity pledge. BJP veteran L, K. Advani congratulated party president Amit Shah for the election victories in Maharashtra and Haryana, while presenting him with a shawl.
For two hours, from 4 to 6 pm, the focus was on the importance of all ministers and MPs being fully briefed on key programmes so that, as a government source put it, “elected representatives are empowered to become effective political communicators” both inside and outside Parliament.
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley briefed MPs on the Prime Minister's Jan Dhan Yojana, the recent ordinance on coal and Union Rural Development Minister Nitin Gadkari on the Adarsh Gram Yojana; among other presentations.

Muslim man arranges cremation of Hindu  sisterPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Rampur | Posted: October 26, 2014 4:38 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 5:24 pm
In a heartwarming display of communal harmony, a Muslim man in a village near here made the arrangements for the cremation of a Hindu widow, whom he treated as his sister and had been supporting for a long time.
The unique story is from Moondha Pandey village, about 10 km from Rampur.
After the death of her husband, Yashodha Devi had been living in a hut with her mother and son in an extremely pitiable condition in Maualagarh in Moondha Pandey, according to reports in the village.
Moved by her ordeal, Aslam Beg of the same village made Yashodra her ‘rakhi sister’ and urged her to treat him as her elder brother.
Thereafter, Aslam arranged a house for Yashodha’s family and even provided her with financial assistance. For 15 years, the two shared the relationship and participated in each other’s festivities, they said.
However, on Saturday, while Aslam was about to go to Yashodha’s house for ‘Bhai Dooj’, she passed away due to illness.
Yashodha’s relatives had planned to cremate her at Maulagarh itself, but Aslam insisted on taking the body to Garhmukteshwar.
Bearing all expenses, Aslam took Yashodha’s body and her relatives to the banks of Ganga in Garhmukteshwar and got her last rites performed there.

The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV passes European Central Bank Comprehensive Assessment ExerciseThe Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV passes European Central Bank Comprehensive Assessment Exercise
Modi congratulates KhattarModi congratulates Khattar
Man held for raping 11-yr-old relativeMan held for raping 11-yr-old relative
Tata Motors raises $750m in forex bond sale; gets better pricingTata Motors raises $750m in forex bond sale; gets better pricing
ECB fails 25 banks in eurozone health checkECB says banks overvalued assets by €48bn
Claire Jones and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bdcfe20-5cfc-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECB fails 25 banks in eurozone health checkECB says banks overvalued assets by €48bn
Claire Jones and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bdcfe20-5cfc-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ranked: India s 21 best cities to live inTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Tue 9 Dec, 2014, 7:54 AM IST - India Markets open in 1 hr 21 mins
Revealed: The best cities to live in India
Janaagraha Centre for Citizenship & Democracy, a Bangalore-based non-profit body, issued the Annual Survey of India's City-Systems 2014 report last week.
ASICS 2014 is an objective benchmarking exercise of Indian cities and undoubtedly the most comprehensive evaluation of Urban India.
Covering 21 cities, the survey throws up interesting insights on citizen participation, public services, powers of municipal corporations, transparency in governance and urban planning in India’s leading cities.
The survey included 83 questions covering 115 parameters that define the functioning and policy framework. It evaluated cities on four aspects of the City-Systems framework-Urban Planning and Design, Urban Capacities and Resources, Empowered and Legitimate Political Representation and Transparency, Accountability and Participation.
“Indian cities score in a range of 2.5 to 4.0 on 10 against the global benchmarks of London & New York which score 9.6 & 9.3 on 10 respectively”
Recommend

Chiquita slips from Fyffes graspChiquita slips from Fyffes grasp as Brazil deal looms
Samantha Pearson in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b2096f00-5b93-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deutsche Bank to set aside further 1bnDeutsche Bank reserves further €1bn for litigation
Alice Ross
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/10c30a6c-5ba1-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian-Origin Heads of Fastest Growing US FirmsTweet
Photo 1 of 6
Six firms founded and headed by persons of Indian-origin are among the 100 fastest-growing businesses located in American cities, according to a list by Fortune and The Initiative for a Competitive Inner City. These are: Detroit, Michigan-headquartered FutureNet Group; Seattle, Washington-based True Fabrications; New York-based InfoPeople Corporation; Compton, California-based Westcoast Trucking, and two Hartford, Connecticut-based firms - Express Kitchens and Star Hardware.

Poor health systems in Asia cause for Ebola alarmThe world's largest outbreak of Ebola has killed 3,865 people out of 8,033 infected so far this year, according to the WHO's latest count.
By: Associated Press | Singapore | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:57 pm
The longer the Ebola outbreak rages in West Africa, the greater chance a traveler infected with the virus touches down in an Asian city.
How quickly any case is detected _ and the measures taken once it is _ will determine whether the virus takes hold in a region where billions live in poverty and public health systems are often very weak. Governments are ramping up response plans, stepping up surveillance at airports and considering quarantine measures. Still, health experts in the region’s less developed countries fear any outbreak would be deadly and hard to contain.
“This is a non-treatable disease with a very high mortality rate. And even a country like the United States has not been able to completely prevent it,” said Yatin Mehta, a critical care specialist at the Medanta Medicity hospital near New Delhi. “The government is trying. They are preparing and they are training, but our record of disaster management has been very poor in the past.”
More than 10,000 people have been infected with Ebola and nearly half of them have died, according to the World Health Organization. The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is the largest ever outbreak of the disease with a rapidly rising death toll in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. There have also been cases in three other West African countries, Spain and the United States.
Early symptoms of Ebola include fever, headache, body aches, cough, stomach pain, vomiting, and diarrhea, and patients aren’t contagious until those begin. The virus requires close contact with body fluids to spread so health care workers and family members caring for loved ones are most at risk.
Asia, home to 60 percent of the world’s population, scores higher than West Africa on most development indexes and includes emerging or developed countries like Singapore, Malaysia, South Korea and Japan. But countries like India, China, the Philippines and Indonesia have vast numbers of poor, many of whom live in crowded slums, and underfunded health systems.
The Philippine government estimates there are up to 1,700 Filipino workers in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, plus more than 100 peacekeeping troops in Liberia. The Department of Health is suggesting a 21-day quarantine period before its citizens leave those three countries, but doesn’t know how it will pay for that, said spokesman Lyndon Lee Suy.
“The DOH is doing its part, but it is downstream, it is on the receiving end,” said Dr. Antony Leachon, president of the Philippine College of Physicians.  “What is important is that Ebola shouldn’t be able to enter. Since we have 10 million migrant workers, we have problems containing that.”
Indonesia has put 100 hospitals that have experience of treating patients suffering continued…

EU doubles assistance to combat Ebola to 1 bnEU doubles assistance to combat Ebola to €1 bn
PTI
Tweet
Berlin, Oct 26:  
The European Union has nearly doubled its assistance to combat the raging Ebola virus in West Africa to €1 billion.
The heads of state and government of the 28-nation bloc agreed upon the move at their two-day summit concluded in Brussels on Friday.
“EU member nations pledged at the meting to increase their financial assistance to continue to provide emergency assistance for the population affected by the Ebola epidemic and to support a “sustained, coordinated and increased” effort to curb the spread of the deadly virus,” a joint statement said.
Before providing €1 billion ($1.26 billion), EU leaders had pledged nearly €600 million to pay for medical staff and facilities in the worst affected countries — Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, where some 4,900 people have died of the disease.
In addition to the financial assistance, the EU nations also agreed to increase the deployment of medical and support staff in the affected region.
While expressing their “deep concern” over the continuing spread, the member states said that the scale of the epidemic is a threat not only to the economy and stability of the affected countries, but also to the region as a whole.
They called upon the EU high representative on foreign affairs and the European Commission to develop a package of measures addressing the wider political, security and economic implications of the Ebola crisis in West Africa.
EU member nations and the European Commission pledged to provide appropriate care for international health workers within the available resources to receive the treatment they needed, including thorough medical evacuation.
They also agreed on the use of the Emergency Response Coordination Centre to promote the deployment of voluntary health experts.
They shared the view that helping West Africa to cope with the crisis is the best way to prevent a serious outbreak of the disease elsewhere in the world.
However, in the wake of the first confirmed case of Ebola infections in Europe, the state of preparedness within the EU and further efforts to protect EU countries and their citizens must be given top priority, the statement said.
They called for precautionary measures to reduce the risk of contagion, including coordinated preventive actions within the EU, such as sharing of information and best practices, training of health professionals and entry screenings if necessary.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

BJP to take a call on Delhi elections after forming govt inMaharashtraPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 3:54 pm
A final decision on ending the political uncertainty in Delhi will be taken by the Centre and BJP leadership after government formation in Maharashtra, party’s Delhi unit chief Satish Upadhyay said on Sunday
Dismissing criticism by Congress and Aam Aadmi Party that BJP was “running away” from facing fresh polls in Delhi, Upadhyay said his party was “fully ready” for election as it has continued to enjoy people’s trust across the country.
“Certain decisions will be taken after government formation in Maharashtra. The political situation will be clear soon,” Upadhyay said.
He said announcement of bypolls by Election Commission to  three assembly constituencies in Delhi does not mean that BJP was avoiding facing assembly polls in the city and maintained that it will get a clear majority in case fresh mandate is taken.
“Byelection to three assembly seats is a constitutional requirement. It does not reflect BJP’s views about assembly polls in Delhi. In fact, the Congress and AAP were not ready for polls,” he said.
Sources in BJP said Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) was not in favour of forming a government by BJP by “managing the numbers” and asked the Delhi leadership to prepare for fresh polls.
Upadhyay said BJP’s victory in Maharashtra and Haryana have proved that party maintained its strong popularity among the masses and it was confident of people’s support in Delhi too.
The Election Commission, yesterday, had announced bypolls on November 25 to three assembly constituencies — Krishna Nagar, Mehrauli and Tughlaqabad — which fell vacant after BJP MLAs were elected to Lok Sabha in the general elections.
A number of Delhi BJP leaders said majority of the party workers were fully prepared to face election again.
A senior leader said the party should refuse even if Lt Governor Najeeb Jung invites it to form government.

MIT scientists develop algorithm to predict Bitcoin pricesMIT scientists develop algorithm to predict Bitcoin prices
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 26:  
MIT scientists led by an Indian-origin researcher have developed a machine-learning algorithm that can predict the price of the notoriously volatile cryptocurrency Bitcoin.
Researchers at Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory and the Laboratory for Information and Decision Systems used the algorithm to nearly double their investment over a period of 50 days.
For the study, principal investigator Devavrat Shah and recent graduate Kang Zhang collected the price data from all major Bitcoin exchanges earlier this year, every second for five months, accumulating more than 200 million data points.
Using a technique called ‘Bayesian regression’, they trained an algorithm to automatically identify patterns from the data, which they used to predict prices, and trade accordingly.
Specifically, every two seconds they predicted the average price movement over the following 10 seconds. If the price movement was higher than a certain threshold, they bought a Bitcoin; if it was lower than the opposite threshold, they sold one; and if it was in-between, they did nothing.
Over 50 days, the team’s 2,872 trades gave them an 89 per cent return on investment with a Sharpe ratio (measure of return relative to the amount of risk) of 4.1.
Shah said that he was drawn to Bitcoin because of its vast swath of free data, as well as its sizeable user base of high-frequency traders.
“We needed publicly available data, in large quantities and at an extremely fine scale,” said Shah, who previously used the approach to predict Twitter trending topics.
“We were also intrigued by the challenge of predicting a currency that has seen its prices see-saw regularly in the last few years,” Shah added.
Launched in 2009, Bitcoin is a form of cryptography-based e-money that offers a largely anonymous payment system and can be stored either virtually or on a user’s hard drive.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) favours lifting cap on agent feesInsurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) favours lifting cap on agent fees
Fishermen in Vizag reel under aftermath of cyclone HudhudFishermen in Vizag reel under aftermath of cyclone Hudhud
Etihad drops plan to lease Boeing aircraft from Jet AirwaysEtihad drops plan to lease Boeing aircraft from Jet Airways
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct 26:  
Jet Airways’ foreign equity partner, UAE-based Etihad, has dropped its plan to lease three Boeing 777 aircraft from the airline, putting the domestic carrier in a difficult situation, sources said.
These aircraft, B 777—300 ERs, were with the Turkish Airlines and have recently come back to Jet Airways after completing the lease period, an airline source told PTI here.
“Etihad had earlier sought to lease these aircraft as it wanted to deploy them on its international network. However, it has now indicated to the airline of not doing so,” the source said.
Jet Airways now may deploy these planes in its long-haul operations, they said, adding that this is a big set back to the airline which is already grappling with several other issues including problem from its pilots.
Jet Airways did not respond when its comments were sought on the issue.
Naresh Goyal-promoted Jet has already leased out some of its aircraft — Airbus 330—200s and Boeing 777—300ERs — to Abu Dhabi—based Etihad Airways, which had picked up 24 per cent stake in the Mumbai—based carrier for over Rs 2,060 crore last year, making it the first FDI in the domestic aviation sector.
Jet was earlier planning to induct these wide-bodied planes on its international operations. However, after Etihad’s proposal, it shelved the plan at that time.
Jet Airways spokesperson at that time had said the airline will take measures which will help it achieve profitability.
“We continually evaluate option with a focus on profitability,” the Jet Airways had said in a statement.
It had announced in August that it aims to turn profitable in the next three years and was planning a major overhaul of its fleet and products.
India’s second-largest airline Jet Airways had reported a standalone net loss of Rs 217.65 crore for Q1 FY 15, down 39 per cent from the year-ago period.
The airline has been facing a tough time from its pilots as well as the regulator DGCA for quite some time now.
DGCA had recently suspended two Jet pilots after issuing notices to 131 pilots for not meeting mandatory licensing requirements.
The airline has over 1,000 pilots, while its subsidiary JetLite has about 190 pilots.
Etihad Airways clarifies
Etihad Airways has denied reports that it has dropped plans to lease aircraft from Jet Airways.
“We already have two Boeing 777-300ERs and two Airbus A330-200s in operation under dry lease from Jet Airways, and are finalising plans to introduce a further two aircraft before the end of the year,” said a spokesperson from Etihad Airways.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Sundar Pichai Gets New Designation at Google; Will he Become Next CEOSundar Pichai Gets New Designation at Google; Will he Become Next CEO
Bank of France: All French Banks But One Pass Stress TestsBank of France: All French Banks But One Pass Stress Tests
Poland says two banks had slight capital shortfalls  have since increased capitalPoland says two banks had slight capital shortfalls  have since increased capital
Commerzbank assets take 1.5 billion euro hit at end-2013 in ECB testCommerzbank assets take 1.5 billion euro hit at end-2013 in ECB test
Prime Minister praises Hrithik for taking part in  Swachh Bharat  campaignPrime Minister praises Hrithik for taking part in  Swachh Bharat  campaign
SBI home loans raking in Rs 188 cr a day; targets Rs 250 crSBI home loans raking in Rs 188 cr a day; targets Rs 250 cr
From think thank to trade reports  IP on the boil  againFrom think tank to trade reports – IP on the boil, again
P. T. Jyothi Datta
Tweet
Mumbai, Oct. 26:  
Close to 10 years after the Indian Patents Act was amended in January 2005, discussions around intellectual property are on the boil again.
Last week, the Government set up a think tank to draft a national policy on intellectual property rights (IPR), and have a coordinated IP approach across various Government departments.
And while this is an opportunity for India to counter criticism from some global quarters on its IP enforcement track-record, the discussion is not without its concerns. From the composition of the think-tank to concerns on whether features in the amended Patents Act would be watered-down – questions abound. And transparency will be key, as the Government formulates its IP road-map and the think tank begins its meetings, the first of which is expected this week.
With Prime Minister Modi’s agenda of “make in India” as the canvas, the thrust will be on spurring innovation at home. While none may disagree with this, the challenge will be in protecting innovator rights, without for instance, whittling down public health concerns of citizens.
IP think tank member, senior advocate Pratibha Singh says, they would work as a support group, so the Government can have a coordinated approach and encourage more people to innovate and produce in India. Beyond this, the aim is to produce a single document outlining India’s IP achievements. These range from documenting measures taken involving online copyrights to communicating outcomes where foreign companies have in fact got injunctions in their favour.
Concerns on dilution
Healthworkers laud the presence of Justice Prabha Sridevan as Chairperson of the think tank, but express concern on the absence of other seasoned IP academicians. IP lawyers also worry on the fate of section 3 (d) of the amended Patents Act that disallows frivolous patents, unless the product shows greater efficacy.
Despite Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman’s assurances on the Patents Act, there is concern being expressed in IP circles on testimonies made by Arvind Subramanian, before he was appointed as India’s Chief Economic Adviser. He had termed some provisions in the Act as “problematic”, in submissions made in the U.S. earlier this year in the run up to two US trade reports.
The Special 301 report in April stopped short of further downgrading India, but nevertheless called for “out of cycle” reviews. This annual controversial report grades U.S. trade partners on their IP track-record.
The second report, by the U.S. International Trade Commission, is expected next month. Here, the U.S. evaluates the impact India’s trade policies have had on American businesses. And in the past, several U.S. trade and congress representatives have criticized India’s trade policies and IP enforcement, especially involving pharmaceuticals. In fact, they caution, the lack of IP protection would hold back both innovation and investment.
IP and innovation
Against this backdrop, a recent study – “Innovation, Intellectual Property, FDI & Economic Growth: A Scholarly Review of Findings”- by three academicians observed that while innovation was key to economic growth, suggesting strong IP rights were essential to provide incentives for innovation was “ambiguous” . Economists too are divided on the relationship between IP and foreign direct investment, it said, adding that stronger IP may induce “adverse welfare effects”.
A “careful and creative policy deliberation” involving multi-party dialogues is required, the report said, especially in markets where societies grapple with availability and access to healthcare and incentives for medical innovation. The report was commissioned by the Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance, a body representing large Indian drug companies.
But as more conflicting, though well-reasoned viewpoints are put on the table, the think tank has its task cut out. But it’s going to be anything but easy.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Last Minute Halloween Costumes Guaranteed To Impress Your High Brow Friendsreddit
We don't know how it happened, but here we are again, just days away from Halloween. If you have yet to find that perfect costume -- you know, the one that makes you seem clever, carefree, and creative all at once -- we're here to help.
We've combed the arts and culture corners of the web to find the best potential Halloween looks for the highest of high brow disciples out there. Let us know if you have any costume contributions of your own in the comments.
1. Yayoi Kusama's "Happenings"
Why: Kusama is the queen and that is all.
What you need: A bodysuit covered in polka dots to express how we can obliterate ourselves and join the infinity of the universe. You can probably get one at American Apparel.
2. Paul McCarthy's Butt Plug Sculpture
Why: McCarthy's inflatable sculpture with a suspicious resemblance to an anal sex toy was recently endorsed by France’s chief of state , so it's good enough for you!
What you need: An all black ensemble and a classy green butt plug to stick on your head.
3. Miranda July
Why: We basically wish we were July 365 days a year. This one night will have to suffice for now.
What you need: The Miranda haircut. The Miranda handbag. The Somebody app , which you will be using all night to really freak people out.
4. Shia LaBeouf's 'Performance Art' Meltdown
Why: This celebrity tribute is certainly cheap and moderately relevant.
What you need: A brown paper bag reading "I am not famous anymore." A suit. A mediocre understanding of basic art school jargon.
5. Naked Jeff Koons
Why: If you have a hankering to dress as something sexy this Halloween, NSFW Jeff (preferably pumping iron) definitely gets our vote.
What you need: A nude body suit. Fake muscles. Perhaps a strategically placed balloon dog.
6. Francisco de Goya's "Saturn Devouring His Son"
Why: You think ghosts make for a scary costume? This will have children screaming in terror.
What you need: A decapitated naked doll, a gnarly beard and crazy eyes.
7. Hedwig (and her Angry Inch)
Why: This Tony award winning ensemble gives you permission to climb, kick and sing on everything.
What you need: A blonde wig, Daisy Dukes, fishnets and lots and lots of glitter. (Seriously, pile it on.)
8. Mike Kelley's "Deodorized Central Mass with Satellites"
Why: Pay homage to the Stedelijk Museum's Mike Kelley retrospective -- that showed at MoMA PS1 and MOCA earlier this year -- while conveniently donning an orgy of stuffed animals.
What you need: Bundles of color coded stuffed animals and the energy to explain repeatedly that you're an artwork, not a zoo.
9. Grant Wood's "American Gothic"
Why: Couples costume! This American classic is easy to pull of and instantly recognizable.
What you need: A date, overalls, a pitchfork, and a serious visage.
Bonus idea: Gothic American Gothic, because why not bust out the black lipstick?
10. FKA Twigs
Why: The alien songstress is so hot right now -- and incorporating her style inspiration into your permanent wardrobe certainly couldn't hurt.
What you need: Septum ring, weave, Google glass, bare midriff and your best interpretation of her technologically savvy goddess attire. (Robert Pattinson optional)
11. Banksy
Why: You're really lazy. Like, seriously lazy.
What you need: A hoodie, a spray can and some voice changer software, if you're feeling extravagant.
Bonus idea: Turn Banksy into Hanksy with a creepy Tom Hanks mask.
12. Sandro Botticelli's "The Birth Of Venus"
Why: Lady Gaga channeled this iconic classic in her "Applause" video and it's an artsy excuse to show some skin.
What you need: Long hair, a shell, a nude body suit (or not).
13. Abbi and Ilana from Broad City
Why: Don't try to tell us they aren't art. THEY ARE ART, people.
What you need: For Abbi: A Solstice "Cleaner" tee and a Bed, Bath and Beyond bag. For Ilana: Napkin as a shirt and a fat blunt (where it is, we won't ask.)
14. Stevie Nicks
Why: Because Ms. Nicks is the only woman on earth who can pull off an exhibition of selfies and make us worship her all the more.
What you need: Gypsy garb. A blonde wig. A shawl. A polaroid camera.
15. Tracey Emin's "My Bed"
Why: The work sold for £2.2 million this July. And it's basically the artsy equivalent of covering yourself in garbage.
What you need: Bedsheets (potentially stained with bodily fluids and menstrual blood.) Condoms. Cigarette packets. Towel, stockings, vodka, slippers -- whatever you have lying around. A £2.2 million price tag.
16. Bettie Page
Why: The pin-up heroine will always be one of the baddest broads in the game.
What you need: Lingerie. A whip. Your best go at curved bangs (be careful!)
17. Matisse's Cut-outs
Why: Everyone and her mother (especially her mother, actually) is kvelling over the Matisse cut-out show at MoMA.
What you need: Construction paper, scissors and your valiant attempt at drawing with color.
18. Bjork
Why: Between her teaching curriculum and her upcoming MoMA retrospective , this is the year of Bjork.
What you need: Giant rainbow afro wig. Blue eyeshadow. Nordic symbol arm tattoo. The power of the cosmos in your girlish giggle.
19. Lady Jaye & Genesis BREYER P-ORRIDGE
Why: Because a more badass BFF or couples costume does not exist.
What you need: Matching breast implants. A conjoined identity. The ability to turn life into performance.
20. Hatsune Miku
Why: She's the world's first virtual pop star. And she may be taking over the world.
What you need: A blue wig. Sexy schoolgirl outfit. The potential to appear and disappear in a flash.
21. Nam June Paik
Why: You love the internet. But mostly, you really want to be the cleverest (and heaviest) person at the party.
What you need: Lots of vintage television sets (or cardboard boxes), a happy face, superhuman strength.
Also on HuffPost:

Peer pressure on small bank loan sectorSmaller bank loan sector set to face rising peer pressure
By Matthew Vincent
El-Erian’s investment indicates where he sees next big disruption in financial sector
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4149a25c-5b85-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Radiation therapists: Bonding with patients helps make treatment less stressful0
While the job is highly technical, there's an equally important psycho-social component, Mallett said. Since radiation therapists see patients daily throughout their treatment, "a big part of the job is monitoring and assessing the patients (psychological needs) and providing support for them and their families."
Most radiation therapists work in hospitals and private clinics, Mallett said. However, there are opportunities to transition into education, administration and industry.
Candidates must complete a radiation therapy training program, typically lasting one to two years. The minimum educational requirement is an associate degree, but the majority of applicants to the Northwestern program have a bachelor's degree or are post-baccalaureate candidates. With 30-40 applicants per year, and at most, eight students are accepted, "it is rather competitive," Mallett said.
In addition to classroom work, all candidates must complete a clinical internship in a hospital or cancer center, said Jeffrey Papp, program director of radiation therapy at the College of DuPage , They observe treatments and help veteran therapists administer treatments. Before graduating, students treat patients under supervision.
Before starting work, grads must pass a national certification exam administered by the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists and obtain a state license.
The 14-month radiation therapy program at Northwestern Memorial Hospital blends clinical and classroom coursework. The hospital is the main clinical site, but students also do clinical rotations at Rush University Medical Center and Northwestern Lake Forest Hospital.
"I believe it takes a really special person to be a radiation therapist," Mallett said. "The first thing I look at is character and personality. Technical skills can be taught, but personality and character are exceptionally challenging to shape and modify. People considering a career in radiation therapy need to be warm and compassionate. They need to be team-oriented and truly enjoy working with people."
After completing the COD program, Garafolo received more specialized training on the job. He also earned a Proton Therapy Specialist Certificate through Ivy Tech Community College, Bloomington, Ind.
A typical treatment involves administering radiation five days per week for 6-8 weeks, so therapists see the same patients regularly.
"I've developed countless relationships with many of my patients that I will forever remember and cherish," Garafolo said. He's treated patients of every age, including babies.
The job can be bittersweet. Many patients are fighting for their lives, and "unfortunately, this fight is a journey that is not always won," he said.
Still, there are celebrations. Every Wednesday at the Proton Center, there's a graduation ceremony in the lobby for patients finishing radiation that week. There are refreshments, and friends and family attend. Each patient gets a diploma, a card signed by their care team and a "challenge coin" engraved with a graduation number.
"It's a constant reminder of why we do it, what we do, each and every day," Garafolo said. "I thoroughly enjoy this day, as I get to see my patients wipe most of their stress and fears away.
"For me, the best part about being a radiation therapist is having my patients come back to see us for follow-up, cured of their disease, and happy to have another chance at life."
Demand and chances for advancement good
Between 2012 and 2022, employment of radiation therapists is expected to grow 24 percent, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. More therapists are needed to service an aging population with a higher risk of cancer.
Radiation therapists perform tests, explain treatment plans, maintain patient records and administer radiation treatments for cancer and other diseases.
In the course of their work, they also answer patients' questions about treatment, monitor medical equipment to make sure it's working correctly, do x-rays, check computer programs to make sure the right dose of radiation is given in the proper area of the patient's body, and monitor patients for unusual reactions to treatment.
Radiation therapists are part of a treatment team, including radiation oncologists, physicians who specialize in radiation therapy; oncology nurses, registered nurses who specialize in caring for patients with cancer; and radiation physicists who calibrate the linear accelerators used for treatment.
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, there were 19,100 radiation therapists nationwide in May 2012. Most work in hospitals, the offices of physicians and outpatient facilities.
Most radiation therapists earn an associate's or bachelor's degree in radiation therapy. These programs include courses in radiation therapy procedures and the scientific theories behind them. Other typical subjects include human anatomy and physiology, physics, algebra, computer science and research methodology.
In most states, radiation therapists are required to be licensed, but requirements vary by state. To become licensed, radiation therapists must graduate from an accredited radiation therapy program and be certified by the American Registry of Radiologic Technologists.
To become ARRT-certified, a worker must finish an accredited radiation therapy program, adhere to ARRT ethical standards and pass the ARRT certification exam. This test covers radiation protection and quality assurance, clinical concepts in radiation oncology, treatment planning, treatment delivery, and patient care and education.
According to the BLS, the median annual wage for radiation therapists in May 2012 was $77,560. The lowest 10 percent earned less than $51,720, while the top 10 percent took home more than $113,810.
Most radiation therapists work full-time, and because radiation procedures are typically planned in advance, the job offers a regular work schedule.

Uddhav Thackeray not attending PM s high tea party as he is not MP: Shiv SenaUddhav Thackeray not attending PM s high tea party as he is not MP: Shiv Sena
Summer offers bring cheers to FMS studentsSummer offers bring cheers to FMS students
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
The recently concluded summer placements at Delhi University's Faculty of Management Studies (FMS) have brought cheers to the students with a batch of 225 securing 219 offers in less than four days.
The highest domestic and international stipends were pegged at Rs 2 lakh per month and 500 Kuwaiti Dinar, respectively, with a median stipend of Rs 60,000 per month.
Some of the top summer recruiters at the B-School included Boston Consulting Group, Morgan Stanley and IDG Ventures. The number of first-time summer recruiters at FMS this season were 36.
In the general management domain, Tata Administrative Services was the largest recruiter, with summer internship offers to seven students. Other recruiters included Mahindra & Mahindra, Reliance Industries, RPG and Airtel.
For consulting roles, BCG, Aon Hewitt, Deloitte, Accenture Management Consulting, Price Waterhouse Coopers, Everest, Cognizant, Capgemini, Synergy and Avalon Consulting visited the campus. Cleartrip has also offered a strategy role to FMS.
In the finance domain, Morgan Stanley offered internship for its front-end investment banking role. Other coveted internships by PE/VC firms were offered by Indus Balaji (fund management role), Avigo Capital, IDG Ventures, Lumis Partners, and Edelweiss. Corporate finance profiles were offered by Coca-Cola, Philips, Vodafone and Mars. Deutsche Bank was the largest recruiter in the BFSI sector.
E-commerce companies emerged as top summer recruiters at the campus with Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal, InfoEdge offering marketing internships to students. Asian Paints, Coca-Cola, Danone, HUL, Mondelez, Nestle, Pepsico, P&G, and SAB Miller also extended internships for the marketing roles.
Consumer banking/marketing profiles were also offered by Citibank, HSBC, Axis Bank and American Express.
Six students have decided to opt out of the summer internship process this year at FMS.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

IIM Calcutta launches business plan contest for start-upsIIM Calcutta launches business plan contest for start-ups
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
The entrepreneurship cell of Indian Institute of Management Calcutta (IIMC) has launched its flagship Business Plan Competition - 'Ideas to Implementation, i2I', attracting a number of start-ups who vied to be incubated at IIMC.
The top three start-ups will receive a seed funding of Rs 50 lakh this year from Govin Investments and Advisory services - an investment strategy firm this year. In addition to the cash prizes, the winners also stand a chance to be provided incubation support at the IIM Calcutta Innovation Park and receive mentorship.
The event is open to all prospective as well as existing ventures provided the existing venture is less than 3 years old. Registration for the event will close on November 15 and the final round will be held in the first week of February.
Last year's winners in the early-stage start-up category were Zostel Hospitality while Fly My Food and Healthera Industries were the runners-up. In the mature start-up category Karibu Solar Power was adjudged the winner.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Nine Italian banks fail EBA stress testsDownload
Monte dei Paschi shares tumble 20%
Sam Fleming, Martin Arnold and Arash Massoudi in London, James Politi in Milan, and Claire Jones and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cef31d5c-5cfe-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

By-election loss sparks conflicts in BJP  CongressBy-election loss sparks conflicts in BJP  Congress
Lloyds Banking Group narrowly passes EBA stress testLloyds Banking Group narrowly passes EBA stress test
Reuters
Tweet
LONDON, Oct 26:  
Britain's state-backed lender Lloyds Banking Group narrowly passed a test set by European regulators to assess whether banks have enough capital to weather another economic crash.
Lloyds, which is 25 per cent owned by the British government after being rescued during the financial crisis of 2007 to 2009, would hold a core Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.2 per cent under the stress-test scenarios, above the 5.5 per cent minimum required.
The close outcome could have implications for Lloyds, which is in talks with Britain's financial regulator about restarting dividend payments and must prove it has the capital strength to cope with future market shocks to gain permission to do so.
Rival state-backed lender Royal Bank of Scotland, which is 80 per cent owned by the government, would hold core capital of 6.7 per cent under the adverse scenarios, the European Banking Association said.
Barclays passed the test with core capital of 7.1 per cent and HSBC passed with core capital of 9.3 per cent.
The Bank of England said the result of a health check of banks across the European Union should not be seen as indicative of the result of its own planned stress tests. The results of its UK test will be published on Dec. 16.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

NDA MPs to be apprised of PM s ambitious projects at  Diwali MilanNDA MPs to be apprised of PM's ambitious projects at 'Diwali Milan'
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ambitious projects such as the Clean India campaign and the MP Model Village scheme will be taken up during the high tea for NDA MPs this evening with a view to seek their support and participation for its success.
Along with refreshments, the MPs will be given ministerial presentations on PM’s Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana (SAGY) at the tea party organised as part of Modi’s ‘Diwali Milan’.
“The MPs will be given presentations on Swacchh Bharat Abhiyan and Saansad Adarsh Gram Yojana by the ministers concerned for their support and participation in making them a success. It will be followed by high tea,” Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar told PTI.
Union Minister for Rural Development Nitin Gadkari will give a presentation on SAGY and seek active participation from the MPs for the success of the programme which was launched by Modi on October 11.
Presentation on Swachh Bharat Abhiyan will be given by Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu.
The Diwali Milan get together hosted by PM is significant as it comes ahead of government formation in Maharashtra, amid speculation of a possible BJP-Shiv Sena tie-up.
Union Minister Anant Geete said all Shiv Sena MPs will be present at PM’s tea party but clarified that party supremo Uddhav Thackeray will not attend as the get together was only meant for NDA MPs.
Some of NDA allies will not be attending the Diwali Milan as they do not have a single leader elected as MP. These include BJP’s Tamil Nadu allies MDMK and DMDK.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

US and UK end Afghan operationsLast updated: October 26, 2014 1:08 pm
UK forces and US Marines end Afghanistan combat operations
Victor Mallet in New Delhi and May Jeong in Kabul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/80d160a2-5cf4-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pressure on Seoul to pass anti-graft billa© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b54fb528-3fd9-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Har CM Khattar holds first meeting with state officialsHar CM Khattar holds first meeting with state officials
Kobane ground fighting toll tops 800: monitorKobane ground fighting toll tops 800: monitor
All Major Banks in Nordic Region Pass European Stress TestsAll Major Banks in Nordic Region Pass European Stress Tests
PM Modi lauds Hrithik s  Swachh Bharat  initiativePM Modi lauds Hrithik s  Swachh Bharat  initiative
French banks pass health check except covered bond issuer CRHFrench banks pass health check except covered bond issuer CRH
Netaji deputy  Nehru aide was Soviet spy: British documentsA deputy of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, an "old friend" of Nehru, has been described as a Soviet spy.
London | Posted: October 25, 2014 10:57 pm
A deputy of freedom fighter Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, an “old friend” of Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru and a former Indian ambassador, A C N Nambiar, has been described as a Soviet spy.
According to documents declassified under the 30-year-rule at the National Archives here, Nambiar went to Berlin in 1924 as a journalist and worked with the Indian communist group, visiting Moscow as a Soviet “guest” in 1929.
“On the outbreak of the Second World War Nambiar was expelled from Germany but later allowed to return as Subhash Chandra Bose’s deputy in Berlin. Nambiar became the German-financed leader of the Free India Movement in Europe when Bose moved to the Far East to join the Japanese.
“He was also concerned with the Indian Legion, composed of Indian prisoners of war, which in 1944 was absorbed by the SS,” an archive release said in a statement.
Arathil Candeth Narayan Nambiar was arrested in Austria in June 1945 and interrogated as a Nazi collaborator.
After the war, he worked as counsellor at the Indian Legation in Berne, as Indian Ambassador to Scandinavia and then to West Germany and finally as European correspondent of the ‘Hindustan Standard’ RPT Standard.
He claimed this last post was a cover for industrial intelligence collection, the documents claimed.
In 1959 he was reported by a defector source to have been an agent for the Soviet GRU from the 1920s.
The British documents include names and details of Netaji-led Azad Hind activities in Germany and elsewhere in Europe.
The declassified files also include copies of letters from Nambiar to Bose recovered from the German submarine U-boat 234 after it surrendered during the Second World War.
A note in the files by V W Smith implies Nambiar’s close association with Nehru, saying: “one may hazard the conjecture that the ‘very prominent person’ referred to be Nambiar is Pandit Nehru, who undoubtedly knows the full facts”.
It goes on to say that his appointment as an Indian diplomat made him “indebted to his old friend Pandit Nehru”.
The documents released on Friday include the latest batch of files on Britain’s MI5 activities as well as seven files on British Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm and his activities as a member of the Communist Party and the wartime stories of British fascist sympathisers and ‘Fifth Columnists’ exposed by an MI5 agent posing as a representative of the Gestapo.

Muslim man arranges cremation of Hindu sisterPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Rampur | Posted: October 26, 2014 4:38 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 5:24 pm
In a heartwarming display of communal harmony, a Muslim man in a village near here made the arrangements for the cremation of a Hindu widow, whom he treated as his sister and had been supporting for a long time.
The unique story is from Moondha Pandey village, about 10 km from Rampur.
After the death of her husband, Yashodha Devi had been living in a hut with her mother and son in an extremely pitiable condition in Maualagarh in Moondha Pandey, according to reports in the village.
Moved by her ordeal, Aslam Beg of the same village made Yashodra her ‘rakhi sister’ and urged her to treat him as her elder brother.
Thereafter, Aslam arranged a house for Yashodha’s family and even provided her with financial assistance. For 15 years, the two shared the relationship and participated in each other’s festivities, they said.
However, on Saturday, while Aslam was about to go to Yashodha’s house for ‘Bhai Dooj’, she passed away due to illness.
Yashodha’s relatives had planned to cremate her at Maulagarh itself, but Aslam insisted on taking the body to Garhmukteshwar.
Bearing all expenses, Aslam took Yashodha’s body and her relatives to the banks of Ganga in Garhmukteshwar and got her last rites performed there.

Latest Federalist Society podcast on monthly developments at the CFPBComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Hospital maid raped by hospital owner kin  friendPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: October 26, 2014 12:52 pm
A private hospital maid was allegedly raped the hospital owner’s nephew and his friend at Jakkanpur, Patna. Both the accused were arrested late on Saturday evening.
The incident took place on intervening night of Friday and Saturday when Dharmendra Yadav, who has several criminal cases against him and had been out on bail, reached City Hospital at New Bypass Road under Jakkanpur police station at around 11 pm on Friday.
Dharmendra, who was accompanied by his friend Mukesh Yadav, faked illness and enaged a hospital room. A 30-year-old hospital maid, only woman employee on duty, was forcibly taken by the two to operation theater, but left the room saying CCTV installed there. The maid was taken to another room where she was allegedly raped by the two. No hospital staff came to the woman’s rescue and local police was also not informed by the hospital authorities. The hospital is owned by uncle of Dharmendra Yadav, a resident of Vigrahpur, Jakkanpur.
The maid was later taken in a vehicle by the two to different parts of the state capital. Though there was no formal complaint by the hospital, the police learnt about the incident on Saturday by a hospital employee who did not reveal his identity to the police.
The accused had left the victim at Ramlakhan Path in Jakkanpur and had escaped after parking his vehicle at his Vigrahpur house..
Patna Senior Superintendent of Police Jitendra Rana said: “We cracked the case within a few hours of learning about the incident. We arrested Dharmendra and Mukesh from Mithapur when they were trying to flee Patna. We have collected CCTV footage and sent FSL team the hospital”. The police has been also questioning hospital employees.

Andhra Pradesh Irrigation Minister meets Governor on power sharing withTelanganaPrint
The two state governments are involved in a bitter war of words over the power-sharing issue. (Source: File photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: October 26, 2014 4:55 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 5:02 pm
Amid a raging row between Andhra Pradesh and Telangana on sharing of electricity, the AP government on Sunday petitioned common Governor ESL Narasimhan on the issue.
“…The water level is going down to 856 ft (at Srisailam project). The ayacuts of SRBC in Rayalaseema needs to be protected. We tell Telangana as well, let’s protect and save water. Up to 70,000 cusecs of water is going into the sea through the Prakasam barrage. We should not be hardening out stance,” AP Irrigation Minister D Umamaheswara Rao told reporters.
“Farmers need to be protected both in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh. Our goal is to see that water is not lost,” he said.
Rao said he has explained “all the facts” to the Governor who will go through the relevant material concerning the issue.
“Our leader (AP Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu), as TDP president, tells us and also the Krishna river board chairman that farmers should be protected. I have told Governor about the facts, because water needs to be saved carefully,” he said.
There is a scarcity of 73 TMCs of water to existing levels in Srisailam and Nagarjuna Sagar (reservoirs) and that huge quantity of water is going into the sea, he said.
Observing that water needs to be saved, the minister said power can be purchased from other states, but even a single TMC of water cannot be obtained.
The current dispute between Andhra Pradesh and Telangana is about power generation at Srisailam (project).
Andhra Pradesh wants Telangana to stop power generation at the Srisailam project as continued power generation would lead to water scarcity in AP in the future.
However, Telangana has refused to stop power generation in view of the prevailing acute power shortage, especially to agriculture.
The two state governments are involved in a bitter war of words over the issue.
In a no-holds-barred attack, Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao had alleged that Naidu was denying the rightful share of electricity to Telangana.
Alleging that Naidu was not honouring the provisions of the AP Reorganisation Act, Rao had said on Friday that Telangana would move the Supreme Court and also sought the Centre’s intervention.
Rao had alleged that the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister sought to defame the TRS government and “he is a cheater”.
Taking exception to Rao’s criticism, AP’s communications advisor Parakala Prabhakar said on Saturday that the former’s remarks against Naidu were “unbecoming” of his stature.
“He has crossed all limits. Being a chief minister, it is highly unbecoming of KCR to use such intemperate language. Moreover, what else he spoke is blatantly false,” he said.
Prabhakar alleged that the Telangana chief minister seemed to have not understood the substance of government orders (GOs) 69 and 107 that regulate the use of water at Srisailam reservoir.

Well-literate MLAs with modest financial backgrounds inducted in Manohar Lal KhattarsCabinetAmong all the ministers sworn-in, Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar is the poorest with merely Rs. 8.6 lakh worth assets. (Source: Jaipal Singh)
Written by Varinder Bhatia | Chandigarh | Posted: October 26, 2014 5:27 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 8:32 am
Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar’s Cabinet comprises of well-literate Ministers. While four out of the nine ministers are post graduates, three are law graduates and two graduates.
The four ministers sworn-in on Sunday who hold post graduation degrees include  Kavita Jain (MLA from Sonipat), who holds a post graduation degree in  Commerce (M.Com) with a Bachelors degree in Education (B.Ed); Krishan Kumar  (MLA from Shahbad) holds a post graduation degree in Sciences (M.Sc); Karan Dev Kamboj (MLA from Indri) holds a degree of post graduation in arts (M.A) and a law degree; and Om Prakash Dhankar (MLA from Badli) holds a post-graduation degree in Arts and Education (M.A and M.Ed).
Capt. Abhimanyu (MLA from Narnaund) is pursuing a business management course from Harvard University and holds a law degree, and Ram Bilas Sharma (MLA from Mahendergarh) also holds a law degree. Ambala Canontment’s MLA Anil Vij is a graduate in sciences (B.Sc), while Bikram Singh Thekedar (MLA from Kosli) is a graduate in arts (B.A.).
Capt. Abhimanyu is the richest among all the ministers with declared assets of more than Rs. 74.8 crores. Interestingly, he owns eight vehicles in his  name and three in his spouse’s name. Among all the ministers sworn-in, Khattar is the poorest with merely Rs. 8.6 lakh worth assets.
The other Ministers including Kavita Jain has declared her assets at Rs. 2.5 crores, Anil Vij Rs. 86 lacs, Rambilas Sharma Rs. 3.15 crores, Bikram Singh Rs. 1.34 crores, Om Prakash Dhankar Rs. 58 lacs, Narbir Singh Rs. 42.8 crores, Krishan Kumar Rs. 22.62 lac and Karan Dev Kamboj Rs. 4.3 crores.
Infact, before Khattar’s name was cleared as Chief Minister in the BJP’s  legislature party meet, four out of the six Cabinet Ministers were being considered as front-runners for the CM’s post. These include Capt Abhimanyu, Rambilas Sharma, Anil Vij and Om Prakash Dhankar. However, the party chose Khattar, an RSS pracharak and Modi’s close confidant, as its Chief Ministerial candidate and the rest were accommodated by giving them cabinet berths.

Cell transplant helps paralysed man to walk againCell transplant helps paralysed man to walk again
PTI
Tweet
London, Oct 26:  
A 38-year-old man who was paralysed from the chest down following a knife attack can now walk using a frame, following a pioneering cell transplantation treatment by surgeons in Poland.
The technique involved using specialist cells from the nose, called olfactory ensheathing cells (OECs), in the spinal cord. These allow the nerve cells that give us a sense of smell to grow back when they are damaged.
The patient, Darek Fidyka, was paralysed after suffering stab wounds to the back in 2010, leaving an 8mm gap in his spinal cord.
He described the ability to walk again using a frame as “an incredible feeling, saying “when you can’t feel almost half your body, you are helpless, but when it starts coming back it’s as if you were born again.”
“It’s amazing to see how regeneration of the spinal cord, something that was thought impossible for many years, is becoming a reality,” said Dr Pawel Tabakow, consultant neurosurgeon at Wroclaw University Hospital, Poland.
Professor Geoff Raisman, Chair of Neural Regeneration at the University College London (UCL) Institute of Neurology, first discovered OECs in 1985 and successfully showed that they could be used to treat spinal injuries in rats in 1997.
“It is immensely gratifying to see that years of research have now led to the development of a safe technique for transplanting cells into the spinal cord,” said Raisman.
“I believe we have now opened the door to a treatment of spinal cord injury that will get patients out of wheel chairs.
Our goal now is to develop this first procedure to a point where it can be rolled out as a worldwide general approach,” said Raisman.
“Spinal and nerve injury represent a major cause of disability for many patients and effective treatment strategies are lacking,” said Professor Michael Hanna, Director of the Institute of Neurology.The study was published in the journal Cell Transplantation.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Cyclone Hudhud: New India Assurance promises quick relief to policy-holdersCyclone Hudhud: New India Assurance promises quick relief to policy-holders
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Oct. 26:  
The New India Assurance Company, the largest general insurer in the country, will make all efforts in earnest to go to the rescue of the Hudhud cyclone-hit policy holders in Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts, according to Chairman and Managing Director G. Srinivasan.
He made the promise to the policy-holders at a meeting here on Sunday evening after visiting the cyclone-hit units in the Visakhapatnam district such as the Visakhapatnam steel plant, Coromandel International and some small-scale units. He said his company was "fully aware of its responsibility to its clients in the hour of crisis. We have received 700 claims so far, of which we have already made the on-account (interim) payments in 275 claims. In the remaining claims also, we will make the interim on-account payments by the month-end. The full claim settlement will be completed by the second or third week of November. We have made an assurance to the AP Chief Minister to that effect."
Lack of awareness
He said he had met Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu in Hyderabad on Saturday and apprised him of the steps being taken by his company for speedy settlement of the claims. He said there was lack of awareness in the country about insurance and "the industrial units have to insure themselves for the replacement value of the assets. Insurance is not very costly, but most of the small units are not even insured or they are grossly underinsured, which does not serve the purpose."
He later told reporters that the Visakhapatnam steel plant and some of the bigger units had not yet submitted their claims as they were evaluating the damage. He said his company would later conduct workshops to promote awareness about insurance.
The CMD promised the policy-holders that he would visit the area again and that his company had appointed a team at the central office to monitor constantly the claims from the region and to facilitate their speedy settlement.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Atheists more active on Twitter than believers: studyAtheists more active on Twitter than believers: study
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Oct 26:  
Atheists are typically considered a minority, but when it comes to Twitter they have more friends, more followers and tweet more, a new US study has found.
The research also found that self-identified religious users are more likely to tweet to members of their own faith than to members of a different one.
The study examined people whose Twitter profiles identified them as Christian, Jewish, Muslim, Buddhist, Hindu and atheist.
While adherents of all six groups studied tweet frequently, atheists — among the smallest populations in the US — are the most prolific, the ‘Huffington Post’ reported.
“On average, we can say the atheists have more friends, more followers, and they tweet more,” said Lu Chen, a doctoral candidate at the Wright State University.
Researchers analysed more than 96 million tweets of over 250,000 Twitter users. They also studied the people they follow on Twitter and the users’ own followers.
Subjects were Twitter users who self-identified as religious or atheist in their profiles, and only those who said they lived in the US.
Researchers compared them to a “baseline” group of Twitter users who expressed no religious identification.
A tag cloud of the most commonly tweeted words across all the studied groups were “love,” “life,” “work” and “happy.”
“Human beings are not that different no matter who you believe in,” said Chen, who co-authored the study with Ingmar Weber of the Qatar Computing Research Institute and Adam Okulicz-Kozaryn of Rutgers University-Camden.
“People still care a lot about our daily lives; that is quite similar. Love, good life, we care about the world, we care about other people. It is the same,” said Chen.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Colours as companionsUpdated: October 26, 2014 19:19 IST
Colours as companions
Artist Bindu with one of her paintings
TOPICS
society
Artist Bindu PV believes ancient Hindu philosophies contain answers to the dilemmas of the modern world
Crippled amidst the chaos of the IT industry for more than a decade, Bindu PV decided to pick up her brush and colour palette as an escape mechanism. But when colours became her companions, it was the establishment of her identity itself.
Born to a banker father and a home-maker mother, Bindu spent most of her childhood moving from one city to another, travelling extensively. “The more I saw things, the more I wanted to express myself through art. I think it is the strongest medium to express oneself in,” says Bindu, an exponent of contemporary art.
In her recent exhibition in Delhi, titled “Insights”, Bindu tried blending the landscape of the rural and the urban together, while trying to address some of the most haunting social issues in India, like female foeticide. Having finished her Masters in Fine Arts, Bindu wrote her thesis on the Social Thinkings of Raja Ravi Verma.
“I have explored styles of Tanjore, Mysore and Kerala Mural paintings in my work. I am extremely moved by the ancient Hindu philosophies as I believe they contain some of the most sought after answers to the dilemmas of the modern world,” says Bindu.
The concept of Srishti Sthithi Samhara are used in many of her works as arches as, according to her, it depicts dreams and optimism. In the Hiranyagarbha series, addressing the issue of female foeticide, Bindu decided to be brutally explicit. “I had painted something so evident that I was advised not to exhibit those paintings by few people. Later, I decided to portray subtler versions of the same for the exhibition. This is the problem with our society, it is hard for them to accept what is outrightly true,” she says. Another series, titled White Heart, depicts various aspects of life, like loneliness and orphanhood. The dominant colour she has used in this is white.
Bindu claims that India is a country with a lot of potential and it does not need western philosophies to solve its problems. “We have something so amazing at our disposal. But unfortunately, the western countries have come and made our philosophies and traditions their own, so now, our generation has to learn the same from them,” she says, pensively.
Bindu owns a fine arts gallery in Bangalore called White Sanctum. “I am not here to preach. All I want to do is to be able to communicate and make some difference in the mindset of the society. Even if that difference comes very late, I would still be happy I was able to do it,” she adds.

Karnal bursts into celebrations after Khattar becomes CMKarnal bursts into celebrations after Khattar becomes CM
Delhi colony tense  one in critical conditionDelhi colony tense  one in critical condition
CBI sleuths question BJD MP again on chit fund scamCBI sleuths question BJD MP again on chit fund scam
PM Narendra praises Hrithik Roshan for taking part in  Swachh Bharat  campaignPM Narendra praises Hrithik Roshan for taking part in  Swachh Bharat  campaign
Samsung to Launch Galaxy A7 Smartphone; Specifications Leaked ahead of ReleaseSamsung to Launch Galaxy A7 Smartphone; Specifications Leaked ahead of Release
Don t disclose black money holders  names prematurely: ASSOCHAMDon t disclose black money holders  names prematurely: ASSOCHAM
McDonalds Japan profit warningLast updated: October 7, 2014 4:45 pm
McDonald’s Japan warns of loss after food safety scandal
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/57ba5308-4e04-11e4-bfda-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft withstands shift to the cloudMicrosoft withstands shift to the cloud
Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9c78c9c-5ae9-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Airbnb valued at $13bn with staff saleAirbnb valued at $13bn ahead of staff stock sale
Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/99312b96-5b05-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

P&G to sell off Duracell battery businessP&G to sell off Duracell battery business
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/77038ef2-5b72-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

questions and answersShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Ebola: questions and answers
Nov 3, 2014 : As the US reports its latest case of ebola in New York, FT pharmaceuticals correspondent Andrew Ward attempts to separate fact from myth about the deadly virus and ways to prevent its spread.
Links:  New York doctor tests positive for Ebola  /  Credits: Studio filmed by Rod Fitzgerald. Produced by Josh de la Mare. Video footage - Reuters.

Profitable passions rise againProfitable passions, from arts to wine
Jonathan Eley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aca193f8-5850-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

U.S. prosecutor recognised for probing case against InfosysUpdated: October 25, 2014 00:12 IST
U.S. prosecutor recognised for probing case against Infosys
PTI
demographics
A U.S. prosecutor, who successfully investigated a precedent-setting work visa fraud case against Infosys, resulting in the Indian IT giant paying a whopping $34 million in settlement, has been recognised by Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Charles Johnson for his work.
Shamoil T. Shipchandler, former Eastern District of Texas federal prosecutor, and his investigative was presented with the Meritorious Service Award (Silver Medal), on October 21 in Washington DC by Mr. Johnson.
This is one of the highest awards for service granted by the Secretary of Homeland Security. The award was presented to Mr. Shipchandler for investigating and bringing to justice an illegal visa fraud operation that resulted in the largest immigration settlement to date.
“Infosys was a precedent-setting case,” said U.S. Attorney John M. Bales. “The case was investigated and resolved in a precedent-setting district. Successful prosecutions are based on a team effort, and I am delighted that DHS (Department of Homeland Security) has singled out the Infosys team for special recognition.”
According to court documents, the government alleged instances of Infosys circumventing the requirements, limitations, and governmental oversight of the H-1B visa program by knowingly and unlawfully using B-1 visa holders to perform skilled labour in order to fill positions in the U.S. for employment that would otherwise be performed by United States citizens or require legitimate H-1B visa holders, it said.
The government also alleged that Infosys did so in order to increase profits, minimise costs of securing visas, increase flexibility of employee movement, obtain an unfair advantage over competitors and avoid tax liabilities, the official statement said.
Unique settlement
“The unique settlement in the case involved the payment by Infosys of $34 million, the largest payment ever levied in an immigration case. The agreement also required additional auditing for I-9 forms; a reporting requirement for B-1 usage; an agreement to continue to use only detailed invitation letters, and the continued use of corporate disciplinary processes for employees that violate the immigration laws of the U.S.,” the media statement said.

Democrats battle sour economic moodDemocrats battle sour economic mood
Robin Harding in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ca5eaa1c-5b74-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Spotify effect: Streamings capitalThe Spotify effect
Richard Milne
How did Sweden – a nation of 10 million people – become the ‘streaming’ capital of the world and the crystal ball for the future of the music industry?
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/59e6e6d6-5a49-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Go slow on pot  says Colorado governorGo slow on pot, says Colorado governor
Barney Jopson in Denver
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cd6e3b3a-5b26-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Procter & Gamble - basket case© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/582f5ca4-1996-11e4-8730-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Up to 100 brands to go as P&G decluttersUp to 100 brands to go as P&G declutters
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dff37c2c-1970-11e4-9745-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

McDonalds: Eating their lunch© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be07897a-5b63-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Prices of 1980s sports cars accelerate‘Bedroom wall’ syndrome drives up price of 1980s sports cars
Andy Sharman, Motor Industry Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/56441ee0-5b6b-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Islamists kill 31 Egyptian soldiers in SinaiIslamists kill 31 Egyptian soldiers in Sinai
Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a333ad1c-5bb9-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cameron angry over 2.1bn EU surchargeDavid Cameron angry over €2.1bn EU surcharge
Alex Barker in Brussels and Chris Giles and George Parker in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c190d932-5b6f-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK s 2.1bn EU headacheShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
UK's €2.1bn EU headache
Nov 3, 2014 : The European Union has billed the UK for a €2.1bn surcharge as a result of its relatively strong economic performance. Lionel Barber, editor, looks at where this puts Prime Minister David Cameron and asks Chris Giles, economics editor, to explain the calculations.
Credits: Filmed by Rod Fitzgerald and Nicola Stansfield. Additional footage: Reuters. Produced by Seb Morton-Clark.

Political apathy  who cares© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c675c17c-5a45-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Who knew what and when© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fd3c1cbc-5b8d-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Canadas surveillance problemFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Lebanon army fights gunmen in TripoliOctober 25, 2014 6:22 pm
Lebanon army fights gunmen in Tripoli
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0a16e1e8-5c69-11e4-98cc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK report clears Muslim Brotherhood of terrorismUK report clears Muslim Brotherhood of terror links, say lawyers
Kiran Stacey, Political Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8149f000-5b85-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narendra Modi govt must not reveal black money holders names on India list: AssochamNarendra Modi govt must not reveal black money holders names on India list: Assocham
Do Europe s banks need surgeryShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Do Europe's banks need surgery?
Nov 3, 2014 : As the European Central Bank is set to reveal the results of stress tests on 130 European banks, Christopher Thompson, capital markets correspondent, assesses whether the ECB needs more targeted intervention to help banks de-risk their balance sheets.

Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 launched in India at Rs 20900Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 launched in India at Rs 20900
Factbox: Twenty-five banks fail Europe s  stress testFactbox: Twenty-five banks fail Europe s  stress test
Speedy defence acquisitions  finallySpeedy defence acquisitions  finally
BJP MLAs to meet on Oct 28 to elect Maharashtra CM-designatePrime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MP's during a High tea hosted by him at his residence in Delhi on Sunday evening. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: October 26, 2014 6:25 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 2:54 am
Even as Shiv Sena MPs, led by Union Minister Anant Geete, attended Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s high tea on Sunday, there was no word yet on a BJP-Sena alliance in Maharashtra. Meanwhile, the newly-elected BJP MLAs are set to meet on Tuesday to elect their legislature party leader and the Chief Minister designate.
State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis is the frontrunner for the post. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to attend the swearing-in ceremony, scheduled to be held at the Wankhede Stadium on October 30.
Confirming this, Vinod Tawde, Leader of Opposition in the Legislative Council, said: “The party has taken a decision to hold its legislature party meeting on October 28. The new CM will be sworn in on October 30.”
While stating that his party wants an alliance with the Sena, Tawde said, “The BJP believes the alliance with Shiv Sena should be through sincere feelings… Sena should join the government without any ifs and buts. It should give unconditional support to the BJP government.”
A senior Sena MP told The Indian Express, “Party president Uddhav Thackeray has kept all options open. We are keen on joining an alliance with the BJP in Maharashtra. But a lot depends on how it evolves. However, there is no reason for us to severe our ties at the Centre.”
Senior BJP leader Gajanan Kirtikar said, “It appears that state BJP leaders are not willing to have Sena as an alliance partner in Maharashtra.”
The BJP, which emerged as the single largest party with 122 seats, is confident that it will be able to face a vote of confidence with the help of smaller parties and independents. Moreover, the NCP has already offered its “unconditional” support.
“The lone MNS MLA, Sharad Sonawane, is also likely to support to the BJP government,” said a senior state BJP leader. However, MNS president Raj Thackeray has not made any statement yet.

Delhi BJP demands deployment of additional forces for ChhathDelhi BJP demands deployment of additional forces for Chhath
Nagarjuna  Naga Chaitanya and Akhil Takes up Swachh Bharat Challenge [PHOTOS]Nagarjuna  Naga Chaitanya and Akhil Takes up Swachh Bharat Challenge [PHOTOS]
Lyrical  beautiful  and warmUpdated: October 23, 2014 20:23 IST
Lyrical, beautiful, and warm
ELVIS PRESLEY’S MUSIC IS INSPIRATION Martin Van Hees
TOPICS
Western Classical
Dutch classical guitarist, Martin Van Hees will be performing in Bangalore on Friday
This is his first time in India but he has already taken a strong liking to the place and waxes eloquent about how different Hyderabad and Bangalore are from each other and how Diwali sweets are just the best.
Dutch classical guitarist, Martin Van Hees, is in the city to perform at a concert today (he took a master class on Wednesday), hosted by The Harmony International Music Foundation, a non-profit organisation, set up by Ryan and Sandra Oberoi, to facilitate concerts with a cause.
Having started out as a musician rather early in life, Martin has come a long way. “My father gifted me a CD of Elvis Presley when I was really young. He and brother are musicians too, so when I told him I wanted to take up playing music seriously, he was more than encouraging of it. I took classical guitar lessons and was blessed with good teachers,” the musician narrates.
Martin received his Bachelor’s degree cum laude (Grade 9) from the Royal Conservatoire of The Hague under the guidance of Enno Voorhorst and his Master’s degree with distinction for his contribution in contemporary music under the guidance of Zoran Dukic. He has performed extensively around Europe and has collaborated with several classical and contemporary musicians. In 2010, Martin performed on National Radio and in October 2013 he was a soloist with The Atheneum Chamber Orchestra performing the legendary Concierto de Aranjuez by Spanish composer Joaquin Rodrigo. He has performed with great success at The Royal Theatre and The Concertgebouw in Amsterdam and has taken part in many contemporary music projects such as the prestigious ‘Ligeti Academy’.
Ask him why he took up classical guitar in particular and he responds: “It’s got that inimitable delicate sound. You don’t have to plug it into a heavy amplifier. And you and your surroundings need to be calm and relaxed to enjoy the true beauty of this style of music.” He describes his signature sound as “lyrical, beautiful, and warm.”
According to him, “It’s not very easy for someone playing a different style of music to switch to the classical style of playing guitar. You’ve got to put in a little more effort and understand why you’re playing what you do because it’s so much simpler to go down the pop way where music is more accessible and where your music sounds good almost instantly and you become successful a lot faster.”
While Elvis Presley’s music sure left a lasting impression on him, he admits: “I love his work but that’s not my style of performing.” His biggest influences range from Johann Sebastian Bach, his own teacher, Zoran Dukic, who he says is “one of the most grounded yet successful musicians, to a whole range of Spanish composers.”
“I play music written by classical composers, those who have written great music, and are no more today. They have given the world such a rich repertoire of stories through their music and it is people like me who tell these stories to the world when we play their compositions so in a way I’m a historian,” Martin says, adding: “That doesn’t make it any less interesting or beautiful. I have even done extensive research about how collaborating with modern composers influences the way you play music written by composers who have passed on.”
Having learnt about the history, analysis, and theory of Western and of World music, the guitarist has also studied about how music from other parts of the world influenced western composers. “I have a fair idea about the ragas, Indian classical instruments like the sitar and the tabla and I truly appreciate the rich musical culture of this country. While I’ve heard of Bollywood music, I cannot say I’m a fan,” he quips.
Following his India tour that will end in December in Kolkata, Martin will most likely be at Bangkok for a concert. He plans to tour neighbouring countries before he returns home where he’s got concerts scheduled up to June next year.
When he isn’t teaching, practicing or touring, Martin Van Hees enjoys biking in the Netherlands, listening to music, and playing with other musicians. “I also spend a lot of time filing my nails to pluck the strings,” he laughs, as he begins to prep up for his master class.
Martin Van Hees will perform at Harmony, 877, 7th Main, 3rd Block, Koramangala, Bangalore, at 7 p.m. today. Donor passes are priced at Rs. 200.
For details, call 9343628255

Jancis Robinson: Naked Wines© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e3e0f2fa-5972-11e4-9546-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Five stealth superbrandsOctober 24, 2014 5:16 pm
Five stealth superbrands
Introducing the labels fashion insiders love – and you need to know about
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d21f270-560b-11e4-a3c9-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putin unleashes fury at US folliesPutin unleashes fury at US ‘follies’
Neil Buckley in Sochi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fa42acf8-5b9f-11e4-81ac-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia takes EU to court over sanctionsRussia takes EU to court over Ukraine sanctions
Kathrin Hille in Moscow and Christian Oliver in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e460fe4-5547-11e4-b750-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Week in Review  October 25October 24, 2014 5:54 pm
Week in Review, October 25
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/185c1996-5b6d-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Urbanscape: writings on the wallhuman interest
Anuradha Sengupta talks to graffiti artist Shamsia Hassani about breaking gender stereotypes in Kabul.
One may not associate street art with Afghanistan; and definitely not with a woman in Kabul. But that changes when I meet 26-year-old Shamsia Hassani, who faces the threat of possible bombing, kidnapping, and being shot at as she goes about her mission to adorn the walls of the city with her haunting images of women in blue burkhas in an attempt to bring the plight of women in Afghanistan out into the public realm. It is this determination that won her a nomination for the Artraker Award in London earlier this year. The award supports artists working in conflict zones or whose works deal with issues of conflict.
Hassani’s first brush with graffiti was at a 2010 workshop by British graffiti artist Chu in Kabul. She was one of the few students who decided to pursue it after the course was over. “I realised that graffiti could be a great tool for developing consciousness, not just about art but also about important issues in Afghanistan. We don’t have many galleries here. Neither are people well-educated or well-off. Graffiti is public and accessible.”
Hassani’s first graffiti, created inside an industrial park, was an image of women in blue burkhas emerging from water. In a fairly short span of time, her women in blue could be found on abandoned buildings, corners or alleyways and hidden walls in Kabul’s streets. Like the one inside the blackened ruins of the Russian cultural centre in Kabul. The woman in blue is shown sitting at the foot of a staircase, next to a wall with gaping holes gouged by shells and accompanied by a line of poetry that reads “The water can come back to a dried-up river, but what about the fish that died?” The lines refer to Afghanistan’s war-torn past, to everything that has been lost to Afghans in decades of conflict. “So many died — every person here has lost someone,” says Hassani. “The situation may be better now, but the lost ones are never coming back.”
The trademark bright blue she uses for her paintings symbolises the hope and perseverance of people. “I think of blue as the colour of freedom and peace. I like to use it on the grey, bullet-ridden walls of Kabul that have been affected by violence. I like to think that I colour over the bad memories of war.”
Originally from Kandahar, Hassani’s family fled Afghanistan during the war. “We were refugees in Iran. I was born in Tehran,” she says. She tried to get into art classes in her school, but was told they were not open to Afghans. Hassani studied accountancy instead. After the family returned to Afghanistan eight years ago, Hassani was able to pursue art at the Faculty of Fine Arts in Kabul University. She works as an associate professor there and likes to devote her time to holding graffiti workshop and festivals. “Lots of people turn up. Unfortunately, there aren’t too many girls.”
Shamsia’s choice to do graffiti art would be considered ‘unusual’ in any part of the world as most artists are men. Women face resistance to their participation as an artist on the street. Street art has not been considered mainstream, and graffiti is still perceived as a form of vandalism, but its purpose has always been to question the status quo. Hassani says she draws her women to change the perception that a covered woman can’t do anything. Her women may be covered but they have strong silhouettes, with sharp shoulders. They are stronger, bigger, and have lots of movement. “My women want to start again. They don’t want to hide.”
The limitations faced by women also hinder Hassani’s chances to create street art. “It is impossible to work on street art here. People say this is not a good job for a woman; this is not allowed in Islam. At a safe place like an abandoned building or a restaurant, I can take a couple of hours. In the street, I finish in 15 minutes and run,” she laughs.
Hassani has developed ‘Graffiti Dreams’ to continue developing her vision. She takes photographs of spaces during the day and then digitally adds the graffiti. Or she prints out the photographs and adds a layer with a paintbrush. “It is nothing; but for me it is everything because I can carry on my graffiti.”
In the last few years, she has travelled around meeting other street artists and sometimes collaborating with them. Like Tika from Zürich and the well-known LA street artist El Mac, with whom she did two collaborations on display now in Vietnam and Brisbane. The central figure is her portrait by El Mac. Hassani has painted the surrounding design and poetry which reads: ‘Birds of no nation/ Are all captive / Like me/ With no voice for singing.’
“It was good to see other graffiti and meet these artists. It was also interesting for people in these countries to meet an Afghan graffiti artist! With my travels I can change how people perceive Afghanistan. All they see is what the media shows, which is mostly negative.”
In order to nurture contemporary art in Kabul, Hassani set up Berang Arts along with nine other artists in 2009. “Art can bring change, I am sure. If people see an artwork, it will perhaps cause a small shock to their mind, but that can grow, and grow.”
Lately, her images have changed. They now include women in colourful gowns, faces visible. One such is a painting of a woman in a flowing gown, her eyes shut and playing a string instrument, which is held up almost as a sign of defiance. Behind her is a mass of women in burkhas. Hassani has created them as indistinct outlines so you can only make out that tiny rectangular patch of latticed net that their burkhas allow them for visibility. “Everything is changing now,” says Hassani. “Maybe we will have a better future. I am hopeful.”

Fitness freak foreverUpdated: October 25, 2014 19:58 IST
Fitness freak forever
Actor Sonu Sood. Photo: special arrangement
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
There's just no compromise when it comes to following his fitness regimen. Sonu Sood speaks to archana subramanian on how it's all about good health, shooting or otherwise
He is known for his physique, roles and his charisma. And these are the things that will strike you first when you meet Sonu Sood.
Catching up with him during his brief visit to the city to promote his film Happy New Year, he opens up about his Chennai connection, his need to be seen and fitness of course.
What is your role like in Happy New Year?
I feel blessed to be part of a film that is as big as this. With Farah, Shah Rukh and others, you know it's a magic combination, especially after they have given some of the biggest hits like Om Shanti Om. I still remember thinking that this was in fact the script I had been waiting for, for so many years.
It has romance, comedy, action and songs and I know it's going to rock.
I play Jack, an ex-army man. Jack is extremely emotional when it comes to his mother. He's the Bheem of the gang.
We all know your Chennai connection... so what's your cup of tea — Hindi, Tamil or Telugu cinema?
Hindi, Tamil and Telugu cinema are three connections without which I cannot survive. Yes, you are right when you say I have a deep connection with this city. I learnt everything about cinema from here.
My films have done well in the Telugu film industry. But it's from here that I got noticed. So this will be my home ground always. And I consider myself blessed because I am able to entertain people speaking different languages.
Cop, villain, doting friend and protective brother... what roles do you like most?
I have always enjoyed doing roles I have not done before.
What's your fitness formula?
I am very disciplined when it comes to fitness. In fact, soon after landing here, I headed straight to the gym. Working out is a part of my life. I enjoy it a lot.
You have often said that you would love to play a superhero.
My kids love superhero movies. Given a chance, I would love to connect with kids.
I would love to have the audience fall in love with me and that's the kind of superpower I'd like to have.
Modelling to acting... how did the transition happen?
I have always wanted to be an actor. Though modelling preceded, that's what helped me learn a lot and get here. However, it took long for me to enter films.
With so many regional language movies in your kitty, do you have any plans of settling down in any particular language?
I have dabbled in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Hindi and Marathi cinema.
And I will continue to act and entertain the audience in every possible language I can.

HDFC Childrens Gift Savings plan: InvestTweet
This conservative fund has done well both in rising and falling markets
The sharp rally in equities has left many investors wary of testing the waters. For such investors, a debt-oriented balanced fund, which allocates 10-25 per cent in equity and the balance in debt instruments, is a good option. While these funds provide healthy returns in a rising market, they also lend stability in a falling market.
HDFC Children’s Gift Savings plan is one such fund worth investing in. The fund’s one- and three-year returns are 23 per cent and 11.7 per cent, far higher than its benchmark — CRISIL MIP Blended Index — returns. The double-digit returns delivered by this fund since its inception have beaten inflation too.
Track record
HDFC Children’s Gift Savings Fund has been consistent, beating both benchmark and category average. . For instance in 2011, when the Sensex lost 24 per cent, the fund notched up a gain of 4 per cent (the benchmark delivered 1.7 per cent).
Investors have gained during boom times as well. In the 2009 rally as well as the very recent one in 2014, the fund has delivered a healthy 18-23 per cent return.
Portfolio
The fund has invested about 18 per cent in equities over the last five years, which has helped deliver good returns. It adopts a buy-and-hold strategy and does not churn its portfolio very often. On the equity front, since January this year, the fund has increased its exposure to banks such as ICICI Bank, SBI, Axis Bank and Indian Bank. It also added to auto ancillary holdings through stocks such as Sundaram Fasteners, Suprajit Engineering and Balkrishna Industries. It reduced its holdings in pharma and software stocks. Other than banks, the fund’s top holdings include Infosys.
On the debt side, the fund has invested 44 per cent in government bonds and 31 per cent in non-convertible debentures. It increased its average maturity from 2.5 years in January to 6.9 years now, clearly taking an aggressive call on interest rates. With interest rates ruling high, any downward reversal will benefit the fund.
The only weak link is the fund’s high expense ratio at 2.6 per cent, which may eat into returns.
Growth option
If you are not particular about periodic cash flows, go for the growth option instead of dividend payout. This is because post Budget, there has been an increase in dividend distribution tax. The company has to pay a dividend distribution tax on the dividend before it gives it to the investor.
Unlike interest earned on deposits, which is taxed as per your tax slab, returns from the fund will be taxed when redeemed. If you hold it for over three years, you can reduce your tax outgo through indexation.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

India Met declares Cyclone Nilofar in Arabian SeaCyclone Nilofar may hit north Gujarat by Thursday
Vinson Kurian
Source: IMD Satellite image taken on October 26, 2014.
Will drag itself into the way of a western disturbance eventually
Thiruvananthapuram, Oct 26:  
India Met Department has issued a pre-cyclone watch for north Gujarat as Cyclone Nilofar took birth in the west-central and adjoining southwest Arabian Sea.
The cyclone was more or less unchanged from its location from morning at 1,270 km west-southwest of Mumbai, an afternoon update by the Met said.
Landfall timeline
It was at least two days away from landfall over northwest Gujarat and adjoining Karachi in Pakistan, according to international models.
Nilofar (a name contributed by Pakistan) would intensify into a very severe cyclonic storm, but not as strong as predecessor Hudhud that rammed the coast of Visakhapatnam earlier this month.
India Met expects Nilofar to pack peak winds reaching speeds of 120- to 130 km/hr gusting to 145 km/hr.
In contrast, Hudhud had featured ferocious winds topping 175 km/her and gusting to 200 km/hr.
The landfall is expected to take place by Thursday/Friday, according to initial projections.
In its outlook, the US Naval Observatory too had said that the cyclone may not ratchet up to the strength originally estimated, and could feature peak wind speeds of 138 km/hr.
System Strength
The building cyclone is now practically stationary and will take some time to move north-northwest but when it does, will drag itself into the way of a western disturbance. Transiting across the Arabian Gulf, the westerly system will scoop the cyclonic system by the collar and haul it towards the Indo-Pak coast where it will be deposited. As the cyclone approaches the coast, intrusion of dry air from land and increase in vertical wind shear (sudden change in wind speed and direction with height) will affect the storm structure and strength.
Also, sea-surface temperatures near the Indo-Pak coast were 27.8 deg Celsius compared to those of the coastal Oman waters which had warmed up to 28.8 deg Celsius. Warmer waters help evaporation, which helps rising water vapour to rise up the storm tower, condense and add to thunder cloud formation which adds to system strength.
The system weakens when the waters cool down and allow for evaporation to take place on a lesser scale only.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

FPI inflows hit $1.5bn in Oct; reaches $35bn in 2014FPI inflows hit $1.5bn in Oct; reaches $35bn in 2014
Gold worth Rs 80 lakh seized from Thar Express passengersGold worth Rs 80 lakh seized from Thar Express passengers
Be a symbol of positive political entity: PM tells NDA MPs atBe a symbol of positive political entity: PM tells NDA MPs at
PM praises Hrithik for taking part in  Swachh BharatPM praises Hrithik for taking part in  Swachh Bharat
WTA Finals Results: Serena Gets Her Revenge Against Halep to Retain TitleWTA Finals Results: Serena Gets Her Revenge Against Halep to Retain Title
Tunisias dream of freedomTunisia still holds dream of freedom
By Roula Khalaf
The spring has ended but there is at least one survivor in the region
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/61f26b5e-52c2-11e4-a236-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ben Ali changed rules to familys benefitFormer Tunisia president changed business rules to family’s benefit
By Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f90e2ac0-a302-11e3-ba21-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Narendra Modi govt must not reveal black money holders names on India listE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Badal attends Khattar s swearing in  Hooda  not invitedBadal attends Khattar s swearing in  Hooda  not invited
UK ends 13-year war inAfghanistanBy: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: October 26, 2014 6:17 pm
The UK on Sunday handed over its last base in Afghanistan to the Afghan forces, marking an official end to the 13-year-long combat operations that claimed over 450 British lives in the war-torn country.
“It is with pride that we announce the end of UK combat operations in Helmand, having given Afghanistan the best possible chance of a stable future,” UK Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said.
The Union Jack was lowered at a ceremony in Camp Bastion in Helmand province, bringing an end to the 13-year war in Afghanistan that has claimed 453 British servicemen and women’s lives.
All British troops will leave Camp Bastion within days, handing over the huge base to Afghan troops.
“Our armed forces’ tremendous sacrifice laid the foundations for a strong Afghan security force, set the security context that enabled the first democratic transition of power in the country’s history, and stopped it being a launch pad for terrorist attacks in the UK,” Fallon added.
Camp Bastion has been the British troops’ main Afghan base since 2006.
The last US Marines unit in Afghanistan also ended its combat operations with the handover of nearby Camp Leatherneck. The US has lost 2,349 personnel in Afghanistan.
Thousands of soldiers have returned to Britain in recent months, leaving only a few hundred members of the Armed Forces operating in the country. Tonnes of equipment have been repatriated, to meet the deadline of ending combat operations by the end of 2014.
A few dozen British military personnel will remain in Kabul to operate an officer training facility nicknamed ‘Sandhurst-in-the-Sand,’ as part of the continued support of the Afghan people. Special forces will continue to operate in the region.
Chief of the General Staff Gen Sir Nick Carter told the ‘Sunday Telegraph’ the handover of Camp Bastion would be significant “not least because of the sacrifice that so many people have made in Helmand”.
“They are going to have challenges, but I am absolutely confident that the majority of the population in central Helmand will be secured by Afghan forces,” he said.
As the American-led forces pull out of bases across Afghanistan, they have faced attack after attack, with some ground attacks being launched on the day of departure.
Some security experts believe that the Taliban is trying to establish their superiority as soon as coalition forces depart.
The Taliban have carried out a series of operations in Helmand this summer, attacking in areas such as Sangin and Nad-e Ali, where British soldiers spent months battling to maintain control.

BJP MLAs to meet on Oct 28 to elect MaharashtraCM-designatePrime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MP's during a High tea hosted by him at his residence in Delhi on Sunday evening. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: October 26, 2014 6:25 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 2:54 am
Even as Shiv Sena MPs, led by Union Minister Anant Geete, attended Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s high tea on Sunday, there was no word yet on a BJP-Sena alliance in Maharashtra. Meanwhile, the newly-elected BJP MLAs are set to meet on Tuesday to elect their legislature party leader and the Chief Minister designate.
State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis is the frontrunner for the post. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to attend the swearing-in ceremony, scheduled to be held at the Wankhede Stadium on October 30.
Confirming this, Vinod Tawde, Leader of Opposition in the Legislative Council, said: “The party has taken a decision to hold its legislature party meeting on October 28. The new CM will be sworn in on October 30.”
While stating that his party wants an alliance with the Sena, Tawde said, “The BJP believes the alliance with Shiv Sena should be through sincere feelings… Sena should join the government without any ifs and buts. It should give unconditional support to the BJP government.”
A senior Sena MP told The Indian Express, “Party president Uddhav Thackeray has kept all options open. We are keen on joining an alliance with the BJP in Maharashtra. But a lot depends on how it evolves. However, there is no reason for us to severe our ties at the Centre.”
Senior BJP leader Gajanan Kirtikar said, “It appears that state BJP leaders are not willing to have Sena as an alliance partner in Maharashtra.”
The BJP, which emerged as the single largest party with 122 seats, is confident that it will be able to face a vote of confidence with the help of smaller parties and independents. Moreover, the NCP has already offered its “unconditional” support.
“The lone MNS MLA, Sharad Sonawane, is also likely to support to the BJP government,” said a senior state BJP leader. However, MNS president Raj Thackeray has not made any statement yet.

Nagaland CM seeks Centres intervention in 1000-hr bandh in AssamdistrictPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 26, 2014 7:01 pm
A 1,000-hour bandh in Karbi Anglong district in Assam from Monday has caused serious concern in Nagaland with its chief minister TR Zeliang seeking immediate intervention of the Centre so that road communication to the adjoining hill state was not cut off.
Zeliang in fact has dashed off a letter to union home minister Rajnath Singh saying the proposed bandh would not only cut off road communication but also affect supply of essential items including foodgrains, medicine, petroleum products etc to Nagaland as well as Manipur.
The bandh has been called by the Joint Action Committee for Autonomous State (JACAS) of Karbi Anglong demanding creation of an autonomous state out of Karbi Anglong and Dima Hasao, the two hill districts of Assam.
Seeking immediate intervention of the union home minister, Zeliang said while frequent bandhs in Karbi Anglong district in Assam has always caused endless problems for Nagaland and Manipur, issues raised during most of these bandhs including the proposed 1000-hour one were not even remotely connected to Nagaland.
While National Highway 29 from Numaligarh in Assam is the only lifeline for Nagaland and Manipur, about 23 kms of this highway passes through Karbi Anglong district in Assam which is known for frequent bandhs, strikes and numerous incidents of violence. Though Assam Police once in a while provides armed escorts to vehicles en route to Nagaland, incidents of stone-pelting have become common.
The Nagaland chief minister had in a meeting of the Northeastern chief ministers held in Guwahati on August 21, specifically raised the issue of frequent bandhs in Assam affecting normal life in Nagaland and Manipur. He had also called upon Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi and union minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju to consider the issue of frequent bandhs in with serious concern.
Karbi Anglong deputy commissioner PK Buragohain said the district authorities would ensure free movement of vehicles including those bound for Nagaland and Manipur by providing armed escorts on the national highway. “We will ensure that no disruption occurs on NH29,” he said.
Meanwhile, a spokesman of JACAS said the 1,000-hour bandh has been called in order to press for resumption of talks with central government on the issue of creating an autonomous state encompassing the two 6th Schedule hill districts of Assam and introduction of a bill in Parliament for creation of the autonomous state in the winter session. “We want the government of India finalize the structure of the autonomous state on the basis of the proposal submitted by JACAS on November 6, 2013 to the ministry of home affairs,” the JACAS spokesman said.

One in five eurozone banks flunks ECB financial health testOne in five eurozone banks flunks ECB financial health test
Tharoor thanks PM for patting him on campaignTharoor thanks PM for patting him on campaign
Iranians struggle with cost of livingIranians struggle with cost of living
Monavar Khalaj in Tehran
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e2b4428-5542-11e4-89e8-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Women targeted in Iran power struggleOctober 22, 2014 6:02 pm
Women targeted in latest round of Iran’s power struggle
Monavar Khalaj in Tehran
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3ae7048e-59f7-11e4-9787-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russell Brand makes Lucy Kellaway blush in a selfieKatherine Boo
A black Mercedes pulls up outside a boarded-up shop in London’s East End. Out of it gets a tall man in shades with wild black hair, and a tight, low-necked T-shirt revealing a lot of chest hair.
The diners in the Crisis Skylight Cafe, a co-operative in Shoreditch that helps the homeless find work, gawp. Brand stands on the pavement adjusting tight jeans that are carefully ripped and festooned with chains, and then advances on the café like a large, punky cat.
I gawp too but my wonder is coloured with anxiety. Like 10m others I have watched the Newsnight interview in which Brand charmed, bulldozed and mocked Jeremy Paxman, Britain’s toughest interviewer, into laconic submission. This is not going to be easy.
Sure enough, before he has even said hello, Brand has taken control, seizing my hand and leading me, like a parent would a child, into the kitchen at the back. Here, various ex-cons and former drug-users are learning how to chop and fry; he talks to each in turn, touching them lightly. To administer this secular blessing he has to release my hand – a blessing of a different sort as the warmth of his palm was making me feel very uncomfortable indeed.
“I need a pee,” he declares when he has finished with the kitchen staff. He disappears leaving me to wait with a growing band of excited diners; when he emerges, he grants some selfies, then strikes up a conversation with the café manager. Brand is planning to open his own co-operative with the profits from his new book, he says, and wants advice.
I hop from one foot to the other and eventually protest that I am meant to be interviewing him, so preferably need him on his own.
“That’s a very capitalist and selfish attitude, Lucy, very individualistic,” he says, looking straight at me. But obediently he goes to sit at the only empty table, while I queue for the leek and potato soup and red juice he has asked for, ordering the same thing myself.
Does he read the FT, I ask, sitting down opposite him at last.
“No,” he replies, leaning forward so his face is very close to mine.
I say he ought to. He has just written a book in which he argues that capitalism is over, and at the very least he ought to know his enemy.
“I find it hard to understand. It obfuscates truth and I think an economic ideology is oppositional to the spiritual ideologies that are what we need to adopt if we’re to save our planet and humankind. Capitalism, the economic arm of the individualism and materialism ideologies that keep us framed in a narrow bandwidth of consciousness, prevents us from seeing that we’re all connected.”
On the page the words are, at best, a bit of a turn-off. But listening to him talk you don’t hear them; instead, you see his eyes boring into yours, his body wired into a posture of absolute belief.
I protest that capitalism has lifted billions from poverty in his lifetime.
“Yes, I’m sure a lot of people would prefer waterboarding to anal rape but we don’t have to tolerate either,” he replies, slightly bafflingly.
A girl with a pierced tongue brings our soup. “How’re you feeling, mate?” Brand asks her. “I’m star-struck,” she says and explains that she’s had some problems and that she’s just had her electronic tag taken off. She says she wants to go into hospitality. Brand assures her that she will do well, and she flushes a deep red.
When she goes, his eyes light on a proof copy of his book, Revolution, which I’d brought along as I wanted some of it explained to me.
“I love this book!” he says, touching it fondly. I say I only loved some of it. I read him a bit I’ve underlined: “The economy is just a metaphorical device, it’s not real, that’s why it’s got the word con in it.”
“People like shit like that,” Brand says, evidently enjoying the reading.
But it’s nonsense.
Do you know why I think the people of Scotland should have voted yes? Because Cameron wanted them to vote no
“My darling, tell that to the people that are suffering. You can’t ignore the argument that all around us there’s poverty. Ordinary people can’t afford to live in this city.”
He could not have chosen a better place from which to make this point. The Crisis café is barely a mile from the City’s banking skyscrapers and the contrast is ugly.
As Brand holds forth on the evils of capitalism, I get the feeling that I’m talking to a clever, intransigent teenager, the only difference being that Brand has a frighteningly large audience for his blend of tosh and truth. Ten times more people follow him on Twitter than follow the prime minister David Cameron, and his political YouTube channel, The Trews (True News), though maddening both in its title and in its hectoring content, is persuading apathetic youth to feel cross about the state of the world. My son’s a fan, I say.
“Good!” he beams showing both top and bottom decks of teeth.
I tell him that though it may be good to make the young feel outrage, it’s less good to tell them not to vote.
He seizes my hand and holds it firmly.
“My voting thing is not an allergy. The reason I don’t vote is the same reason I don’t eat glitter; there’s no fucking point.”
In his view, only the Scottish referendum was worth voting for.
“Do you know why I think the people of Scotland should have voted yes? Because Cameron wanted them to vote no. Do you know why I think we shouldn’t be bombing the Middle East? Because they want to bomb the Middle East. Any single thing they tell me, I disagree with absolutely 100 per cent.”
I try to protest at the babyishness of this stance but Brand is in full rant.
“I would suggest total disobedience, total non-compliance and also total organisation! Don’t just stop paying your taxes and mortgage on your own, find a group of people to not pay mortgages with you!”
That’s all very well, I point out, only it will bring on a catastrophic recession that will most hurt the very people he is trying to help.
Now he grabs my other hand too, which makes it hard to argue back – and harder to eat my lunch.
“Shut up, Lucy. You’re only thinking within very narrow parameters. This planet – there’s a number of people, there’s an amount of resources, we need to make sure that people get resources. What’s the reason that we’re not doing that? The answer is because of the ideology that you’re propping up.”
He stares accusingly, as though the whole problem with capitalism were my fault.
I point out that I’m not the only one propping up the system. What about Brand’s chauffeur-driven Merc outside?
Skylight Cafe
Crisis Training Project, 6 Commercial Street, London E1 6LT
Red juice x 2 £5.00
Leek and potato soup x 2 £7.00
Americano x 2 £3.60
Total £15.60
He replies that his chauffeur, Mick, is a really great guy and a friend – which is nice but not the point. What about the beaded necklace, which looks suspiciously like amethyst, that is dangling down towards his soup bowl? How much did that cost?
“Who knows?” he replies as if this were an unfathomable mystery. “I’m not interested in making money any more.”
Does that mean that there will be no more acting, no more Hollywood?
Brand pauses. “It probably does mean that, yes,” he says, hesitantly, as if making up policy on the hoof. But he’s not going to quit comedy, he says, because he loves performing. When I ask how lucrative it is, he shrugs.
“It makes me scared if I think about money too much, then it makes me feel guilty. The only thing I tell the people who look after my money is, ‘Make sure my fucking taxes are 100 per cent legitimately paid,’ and then I do my own shit.”
But isn’t he against taxes? “Only as part of a mass movement, not as tax evasion,” he says.
Surely he can only afford to do his own shit because he is so rich. Would he really be prepared to give it all up?
“I’d give up everything. I’ve thought about this a lot, whether or not I’m prepared to go to prison or die for what I believe in. The answer is 100 per cent, without question, yes, I’m willing to die for this.”
If you really believe that, I say, that makes me think you’re nuts.
“Well, that makes me think you’re nuts because you’re going to die as well and when you die it’s going to be for nothing, an unremembered, pointless death, propping up a dead system!”
. . .
At this point we are interrupted by an emaciated woman strolling off the street requesting a selfie. Brand embraces her as he takes the picture and, catching the whiff of fags, tells her to cut back. She glances at me and asks if I’m family.
“We’re on a first date,” Brand explains.
The woman looks a bit surprised and scuttles off.
It occurs to me that the main difference between me and my guest is not our approach to economics but to human nature. I, who have mostly led the life of a goody-goody, believe people are fairly selfish. Brand, who has been bad more than most, thinks people are good at heart. How does that work?
“Because I believe in change. Because I’ve seen a revolution in my own life, I’ve come from a very ordinary background and I’ve become a drug addict, I’ve lived for years on benefits and now I live a completely different life where I experience all of the glamour, all of the things that capitalism promises – fame, pop stardom, glory, money. And it’s worthless and it’s meaningless.”
Just as I’m protesting that not everyone can change, a man who appears to be shaking drags himself into the café. He is clutching a very tatty copy of the Big Issue.
“How’s your habit?” Brand asks him, fishing in his pocket and taking out a note, which he squashes into a tiny ball so neither I nor the hapless recipient can see how much it is, and hands it over.
Will that man change, I wonder. And should he be giving money to him before he does? “I always give money to drug addicts. It is a necessary reprieve. No one stops taking drugs ’cos they’ve not got money – they will steal.”
In the hour we have been together, Brand has not only made the junkie’s day. The comedian has made everyone he has touched glow with an almost indecent pleasure. When I remark on this, he beams again. “That makes me feel so happy and worthwhile.” In a way this is sweet but, equally, one wonders who needs whom more: the disciples the celebrity, or the celebrity the disciples.
The only person I can think of who comes close to Brand in terms of the effect he has on others is Bill Clinton; if the two were together, I suspect the comedian would make the former US president look gauche by comparison. Perhaps it shows that Brand’s true vocation is more politics than comedy. Come the revolution, will he be its Lenin?
“I went into this thinking, ‘Me with my charisma and my belief system, I should be in charge of this whole shebang.’ But I realised that you don’t need any show-off mouthing off at the front, you need people to have control of their own destinies.”
In Brand’s revolution there is no place for leaders or individualism of any sort. Which might be sensible, except the message is delivered from a platform built entirely on his own celebrity and egotism. In the book he only gets down to telling us what the revolution consists of after 80 pages devoted entirely to Brand on Brand.
“It’s only 80 pages, for fuck’s sake. When you’ve written a book I’ll critique it. Shall we have another juice? ”
I get up to order the drinks. When I get back, my guest has gone.
“I’m enjoying this,” he says when he returns. “I used to do interviews where I’d just talk about Katy Perry.”
I tell him that most FT readers have never heard of his former wife, though they have heard of his more recent girlfriend – but, as I try to name her, my mind goes terrifyingly blank. After a few seconds the name reappears in my mind: Jemima Khan.
“Took you a while to remember,” Brand says. I tell him it’s old age.
“You’re not old. Well, I’ll tell you this; I think you’re a very beautiful woman. There’s moments when you spasm into apoplexy where you’re quite delightful.”
I try to ignore this shamelessly transparent attempt to avoid the question and ask again about Khan.
“Oh, I’m not talking about all that claptrap.” He waves dismissively.
I try another tack. In his life Brand has overcome most of the addictions available to mankind but the two he has yet to master are sex and fame. Which of these is harder to kick? “I don’t think you kick addictions. I really feel for people that have eating issues because you’ve got to unlock your addiction at least three times a day. I think sex is a comparable behaviour, isn’t it?”
Is he saying that people generally have sex three times a day?
“Well, no. Some days you have to hold it down a little bit,” he replies, deftly deflecting the question with a joke. But on fame his response is more telling.
“I am, as you have said, a bit of a show-off. As long as I don’t spend all my time focusing on that aspect of my nature that’s about showing off, and if I can try and make that work for the common good, that’s not such a problem, is it?”
The waitress returns to take our plates. “That was bloody lovely,” says Brand, hugging her while she takes a picture of both of them.
The café is closing and I am the only person in the place who has not demanded a selfie with the do-gooding narcissist, a situation he evidently thinks remiss.
“Your boy’ll want a photograph, won’t he? I think he’ll want us to be having a mouth kiss.”
I assure him my son won’t want any such thing but Brand is already coming over to my side of the table, putting an arm around me and moving his lips towards mine, while I swerve out of reach. After this embarrassing little skirmish I ask if it is the first time a woman has cringed as he tried to kiss her.
He shakes his head and insists I didn’t cringe. “Your body language looked halfhearted and your face changed colour.”
When I get home, I look at the pictures on my phone. Paxman couldn’t help himself when faced with this charismatic, ranting revolutionary and neither, it seems, could I. The camera doesn’t lie. I am blushing and smiling as I duck.
Lucy Kellaway is an FT columnist
Illustration by James Ferguson
‘Revolution’, by Russell Brand, is published by Century (£20)
-------------------------------------------

Todays Republicans run from ReaganToday’s Republicans run from Reagan
Gary Silverman
The Grand Old party is now the Great Wall party – defined by what it wants to keep out of the US
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5270dfa8-5a10-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

TV football rights concern weighs on BTTV football rights concern weighs on BT
Michael Hunter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d140ac12-5b66-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Patrick Pouyann  oil giants new headOctober 24, 2014 5:51 pm
Patrick Pouyanné, the Total package
Michael Stothard and Guy Chazan
French oil company’s new chief is a forceful presence and tough boss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9020bc00-5a11-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukraine elections: is Poroshenko set to win an outright majoritySign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

There Is No Difference Between A Lion And A LionessThousands Of Women Fighting ISIS On Front Lines In Syria And Iraq
 | By                                                                ELENA BECATOROS and BASSEM MROUE
Posted:
Updated:
10/31/2014  3:59 pm EDT
Women Peshmerga recruits, some of whom are volunteers, parade as they take part in a military training at a base near the northern Iraqi city of Sulaimaniya on September 10, 2014. (JM LOPEZ/AFP/Getty Images) | JM LOPEZ via Getty Images
reddit
SURUC, Turkey (AP) — Just over a year ago, Afshin Kobani was a teacher. Now, the Kurdish Syrian woman has traded the classroom for the front lines in the battle for Kobani, a town besieged by fighters from the Islamic State extremist group.
The 28-year-old Kurdish fighter, who uses a nom de guerre, said she decided to join the fight in her hometown when she saw IS advances in Syria.
"I lost many friends to this, and I decided there was a need to join up," said Kobani, who declined to reveal her birth name. "This is our land — our own — and if we don't do it, who else will?"
Perched on the other side of the Turkish border, the Syrian town of Kobani has been under an intense assault by IS for more than a month. The town — surrounded on the east, south and west by IS — is being defended by Kurdish forces in Syria.
Among those fighters are thousands of women, an unusual phenomenon in the Muslim world in which warfare is often associated with manhood. In April, Kurdish fighters created all-female combat units that have grown to include more than 10,000 women. These female fighters have played a major role in battles against IS, said Nasser Haj Mansour, a defense official in Syria's Kurdish region.
The Kurdish women now find themselves battling militants preaching an extreme form of Islam dictating that women only leave the house if absolutely necessary. Earlier this month the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors events in Syria, reported IS militants beheaded nine Kurdish fighters, including three women, captured in clashes near Turkish border.
After more than a year of fighting, Kobani has risen through the ranks to become a commander of a mixed-gender unit. "We are just the same as men; there's no difference," she said. "We can do any type of job, including armed mobilization."
There is nothing new about Kurdish women fighters. They have fought alongside men for years in a guerrilla war against Turkey, seeking an independent Kurdistan which would encompass parts of Turkey, Syria, Iraq and Iran. The campaign for Kurdish independence has been pursued mainly by leftist militant groups that championed gender equality, such as the Kurdistan Workers Party in Turkey.
Suicide bombings have long been part of the Kurdish women fighters' battleground repertory.
Early this month, Deilar Kanj Khamis, better known by her military name Arin Mirkan, blew herself up outside Kobani, killing 10 IS fighters, according to Kurdish forces. Haj Mansour, the Kurdish defense official, recounted that Kurdish fighters were forced to withdraw from a strategic hill south of the besieged town. Khamis stayed behind, attacking IS fighters with gunfire and grenades as they moved in. Surrounded, she detonated explosives strapped to her body. The Kurds then recaptured the position — but lost it again on Wednesday.
In Kobani, Sheikh Ahmad Hamo's daughter Rukan signed up for the fight for Kurdish independence at the age of 18, and was quickly sent to Iraqi Kurdistan, in Iraq's north. That was eight years ago. For the first six years, she didn't contact her parents or her nine siblings. Her mother, Salwa Moussa, traveled to northern Iraq in March last year in the vain hope of seeing her daughter.
Five months after that, she phoned home. "When she called, she had a mountain accent. Her mother didn't recognize her," said Hamo. "When we talked to her, we were happy, but we were also crying."
Rukan Hamo's 23-year-old brother Ferman was killed fighting in Kobani this month. The sister didn't make it to the brother's funeral. Her parents don't know when, or if, they will see her again.
In the dust-blown cemetery of the Turkish border town of Suruc, a corner has been laid out for the casualties among Syrian Kurds fighting in Kobani. Of more than 30 dead, 10 are women.
"It's not strange that women are fighting," said Wahida Kushta, an elderly woman who recently helped prepare the body of a young female fighter, 20-year-old Hanim Dabaan, for burial. "There is no difference between a lion and a lioness."
____
Mroue reported from Beirut. Follow Elena Becatoros at https://twitter.com/ElenaBec
Also on HuffPost:

No alliance with BJP  Shiv Sena should sit in opposition  says ex-party MPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Three-Year-Old s Rape Stirs Protest; Parents Question ManagementThree-Year-Old s Rape Stirs Protest; Parents Question Management
Telstra targets Asia with A$5bn war chestTelstra earmarks A$5bn war chest for Asia expansion
Jamie Smyth in Sydey
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9b8efb62-5b13-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nagaland CM seeks Centres intervention in 1000-hr bandh in Assam districtPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: October 26, 2014 7:01 pm
A 1,000-hour bandh in Karbi Anglong district in Assam from Monday has caused serious concern in Nagaland with its chief minister TR Zeliang seeking immediate intervention of the Centre so that road communication to the adjoining hill state was not cut off.
Zeliang in fact has dashed off a letter to union home minister Rajnath Singh saying the proposed bandh would not only cut off road communication but also affect supply of essential items including foodgrains, medicine, petroleum products etc to Nagaland as well as Manipur.
The bandh has been called by the Joint Action Committee for Autonomous State (JACAS) of Karbi Anglong demanding creation of an autonomous state out of Karbi Anglong and Dima Hasao, the two hill districts of Assam.
Seeking immediate intervention of the union home minister, Zeliang said while frequent bandhs in Karbi Anglong district in Assam has always caused endless problems for Nagaland and Manipur, issues raised during most of these bandhs including the proposed 1000-hour one were not even remotely connected to Nagaland.
While National Highway 29 from Numaligarh in Assam is the only lifeline for Nagaland and Manipur, about 23 kms of this highway passes through Karbi Anglong district in Assam which is known for frequent bandhs, strikes and numerous incidents of violence. Though Assam Police once in a while provides armed escorts to vehicles en route to Nagaland, incidents of stone-pelting have become common.
The Nagaland chief minister had in a meeting of the Northeastern chief ministers held in Guwahati on August 21, specifically raised the issue of frequent bandhs in Assam affecting normal life in Nagaland and Manipur. He had also called upon Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi and union minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju to consider the issue of frequent bandhs in with serious concern.
Karbi Anglong deputy commissioner PK Buragohain said the district authorities would ensure free movement of vehicles including those bound for Nagaland and Manipur by providing armed escorts on the national highway. “We will ensure that no disruption occurs on NH29,” he said.
Meanwhile, a spokesman of JACAS said the 1,000-hour bandh has been called in order to press for resumption of talks with central government on the issue of creating an autonomous state encompassing the two 6th Schedule hill districts of Assam and introduction of a bill in Parliament for creation of the autonomous state in the winter session. “We want the government of India finalize the structure of the autonomous state on the basis of the proposal submitted by JACAS on November 6, 2013 to the ministry of home affairs,” the JACAS spokesman said.

Maharashtra: BJP MLAs to meet on Oct 28 to elect leaderMaharashtra: BJP MLAs to meet on Oct 28 to elect CM
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai/New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Maharashtra BJP Legislature Party will meet on Tuesday to elect its leader to set the ball rolling for government formation even as backchannel talks continued with former ally Shiv Sena for a possible coalition.
BJP Maharashtra unit president Devendra Fadnavis continues to be the frontrunner for the post of Chief Minister though there are some more names doing the rounds.
The meeting to elect the Legislature Party Leader and the Chief Minister designate will be held at 11 a.m. at Vidhan Bhavan on Tuesday (October 28), senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse told reporters in Mumbai today.
Earlier, Khadse, Fadnavis and senior BJP leader Vinod Tawde had met to discuss preparations for government formation.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and BJP in—charge of Maharashtra J P Nadda would attend Tuesday’s meeting as observers.
The BJP legislature party leader would meet Maharashtra Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao to stake claim for forming the next government, Khadse said.
“We will prove our majority in the house if the Governor desires,” he said.
BJP, which has emerged as the single largest party in the elections held for the 288—member Maharashtra Assembly, winning 122 seats, has already been offered unconditional outside support by the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) which won 41 seats.
With its 63 MLAs, Shiv Sena is the second largest party in the House.
Sources said the BJP is in back channel talks with Shiv Sena over government formation and efforts are being made to settle the differences with its oldest ally with whom it snapped ties ahead of polls.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

New Chief of staff for Southern Naval CommandNew Chief of staff for Southern Naval Command
PTI
Kochi, Oct 26:  
Rear Admiral Atul Kumar Jain today assumed office as Chief of Staff of Southern Naval Command here.
He has taken over the charge from Rear Admiral M S Pawar, who is appointed as the Flag Officer, Maharashtra and Gujarat area (FOMAG), a Naval press release said.
Commissioned in July 1982, and an alumnus of National Defence Academy (Pune), Defence Services Staff College (Wellington), College of Naval Warfare (Mumbai) and the National Defence College, Pretoria, South Africa, Rear Admiral Atul Kumar Jain is a Gunnery and a missile specialist.
His tenures include, command of INS Nirghat (missile boat), INS Khukri (missile corvette), INS Rajput (destroyer) and the indigenous destroyer INS Mysore, Commissioning Executive Officer of INS Brahmaputra, Fleet Operations Officer of the Eastern Fleet, Visakhapatnam, Director, Naval Intelligence (Protocol), Director Foreign Liaison and Principal Director, Staff Requirements, at Integrated Headquarters, Ministry of Defence (Navy), the release said.
Rear Admiral Atul Kumar Jain has served as the first Flag Officer Commanding, Karnataka Naval area, Karwar. During this tenure, he was instrumental in setting up of base support facilities for INS Vikramaditya at the Naval Base Karwar.
Recipient of Vishisht Seva Medal in 2009, he was commanding the Eastern Fleet of the Indian Navy at Vishakhapatnam prior to his present appointment.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

CBI arrests three in Odisha chit fund scamCBI arrests three in Odisha chit fund scam
Serena wins fifth WTA Finals titleSerena wins fifth WTA Finals title
Brazil votes for next leader after bitter campaignBrazil votes for next leader after bitter campaign
Sonys chief to change groups scriptSony’s chief to change sprawling group’s script
By Jennifer Thompson in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/df533f32-e4c8-11e3-9b2b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shiv Sena MPs attend Narendra Modis function  BJP MLAs to pick leader on TuesdayPrime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MP's during a High tea hosted by him at his residence in Delhi on Sunday evening. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: October 26, 2014 6:25 pm | Updated: October 27, 2014 2:54 am
Even as Shiv Sena MPs, led by Union Minister Anant Geete, attended Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s high tea on Sunday, there was no word yet on a BJP-Sena alliance in Maharashtra. Meanwhile, the newly-elected BJP MLAs are set to meet on Tuesday to elect their legislature party leader and the Chief Minister designate.
State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis is the frontrunner for the post. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to attend the swearing-in ceremony, scheduled to be held at the Wankhede Stadium on October 30.
Confirming this, Vinod Tawde, Leader of Opposition in the Legislative Council, said: “The party has taken a decision to hold its legislature party meeting on October 28. The new CM will be sworn in on October 30.”
While stating that his party wants an alliance with the Sena, Tawde said, “The BJP believes the alliance with Shiv Sena should be through sincere feelings… Sena should join the government without any ifs and buts. It should give unconditional support to the BJP government.”
A senior Sena MP told The Indian Express, “Party president Uddhav Thackeray has kept all options open. We are keen on joining an alliance with the BJP in Maharashtra. But a lot depends on how it evolves. However, there is no reason for us to severe our ties at the Centre.”
Senior BJP leader Gajanan Kirtikar said, “It appears that state BJP leaders are not willing to have Sena as an alliance partner in Maharashtra.”
The BJP, which emerged as the single largest party with 122 seats, is confident that it will be able to face a vote of confidence with the help of smaller parties and independents. Moreover, the NCP has already offered its “unconditional” support.
“The lone MNS MLA, Sharad Sonawane, is also likely to support to the BJP government,” said a senior state BJP leader. However, MNS president Raj Thackeray has not made any statement yet.

ECB fails 25 banks in health check but problems largely solvedECB fails 25 banks in health check but problems largely solved
NDA can help chart new course for India: PMNDA can help chart new course for India: PM
Amazon again delivers soaring sales but posts a huge lossBy Sarah Halzack October 24 Follow @sarahhalzack
An Amazon.com pick-up and collect locker is pictured in Newbury Park, U.K. (Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg)
Amazon has long asked investors anxious for profits to be patient as it built its infrastructure and launched new services that it argued would position the e-commerce giant for long-term success. On Thursday, Amazon reported again that it has failed to turn a profit, this time posting a stunning loss of $437 million in the third quarter, compared to a $41 million loss in the same period last year.
The company’s stock dropped Friday and was down 7.4 percent in mid-morning trading, to about $290 share.
Amazon has been spending money on a wide range of projects.  It spent more than $1 billion to acquire video game platform Twitch in August.  It developed new versions of its Fire phone and Fire HD tablet.  It is creating original TV programs under its Amazon Prime Instant Video banner and expanded its AmazonFresh grocery delivery service into new markets.
With the release of six new tablets, Amazon is marking the largest single-day product release in the company's history. The Post's Hayley Tsukayama breaks down what you need to know about the new products. (Amazon’s founder and CEO, Jeffrey P. Bezos, is also the owner of The Washington Post.) (Nicki DeMarco and Hayley Tsukayama/The Washington Post)
But the continued losses appear to be making investors question whether the company that seeks to be “the everything store” is pulling itself in too many different directions. Amazon released the results after the markets closed, and the company’s stock fell more than 10 percent in after hours trading. Its stock has fallen more than 20 percent so far this year.
Amazon’s forecast for the crucial holiday season is also not especially encouraging:  The company expects sales to increase between 7 and 18 percent over the same quarter in 2013. While such sales growth is far better than what other major retailers expect, it would mark a slowdown in growth for the Amazon juggernaut.
In the most recent quarter,  Amazon raked in $20.58 billion in sales, a 20 percent increase over the same quarter last year.
Amazon has been in an “investment mode” for several years, Thomas Szkutak, the company’s chief financial officer, said in a conference call with investors. Given that position, company executives “know that we have to be very selective about what opportunities we pursue.” Szkutak did not give any indication that the company plans to pivot to focus more on delivering profits, saying, “Our goal is to maximize free cash flow over the long term.”
The company told investors that its Amazon Prime membership program has seen “great retention”  and is “growing very fast” despite increasing the price from $79 to $99 earlier this year.
Earlier this month, the Wall Street Journal reported that Amazon planned to open a physical location in Manhattan.  It’s not clear whether the location would be a temporary pop-up store or a permanent storefront.  While Amazon has not confirmed the report and did not address it during its call with investors Thursday, the move would represent a major shift in strategy for a company that upended brick-and-mortar retailing.
Disclosure: Amazon’s chief  executive, Jeffrey P. Bezos, owns The Washington Post.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

A non-Gandhi may some day lead the Congress  says ChidambaramA non-Gandhi may some day lead the Congress, says Chidambaram
Press Trust of India
“I am too old to aspire for anything now.” P Chidambaram Congress leader
Party leader & ex-Minister urges Sonia, Rahul to ‘speak more’ to save the Cong
New Delhi, October 24:  
Senior Congress leader P Chidambaram on Friday said in a TV interview that Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi should “speak more”.
He added that the party leadership has to put in action a timetable that would enable the party to play the role of “true opposition” at a time when the morale of party cadres is “pretty low”.
Asked if a non-Gandhi become the Congress president, he said: “I think so. Someday yes”, but was quick to add, “I do not know” when asked about the timeline for such an eventuality.
“I am too old to aspire for anything now,” he said at the same time.
He also said the reorganisation of the party is due for the larger task of being an “effective, strong and robust opposition” to the government.
Chidambaram said that Congress president Sonia Gandhi is “numero uno” in the organisation and that the decision in Jaipur in January 2013 to make Rahul Gandhi vice-president was “perhaps the correct decision.”
Steering clear of questions about a clamour within a section of the party for Priyanka Gandhi to step in, Chidambaram urged Sonia and Rahul “to speak more”. “I would urge them to address more rallies, urge them to meet the media...” he said. “I agree that Congress (cadres’) morale is pretty low. But I don’t agree that the morale cannot be lifted. Direction cannot be given...I am sure the Congress leadership has a timetable.
“I would urge again that timetable be shortened and we get on with the job of a reorganising the party and getting on with the job of being true opposition,” he said while replying to a question about doubts being expressed about Rahul’s leadership.
His remarks have come at a time when the process of organisational elections has been set in motion, which will culminate into the election of the new party chief by July end next year. Sonia is the longest serving party chief, being at the helm since March 1998.
To a question as to why the party is over-dependent on one family to lead it, he said: “It so happens that he (Rahul Gandhi) belongs to that family but that does not mean other younger leaders cannot emerge. After all Sachin Pilot has emerged.”
Countering Jaitley
The Congress leader also dismissed Finance Minister Arun Jaitleys’ remarks that the disclosure of the names of black money account holders can embarrass the Congress.
“These are individual transgressions, individual violations of law. Individual should be embarrassed. Why should the party be embarrassed?” he said.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Confessions of a white Oxbridge maleConfessions of a white Oxbridge male
Simon Kuper
I feel very little sense of achievement. I didn’t get here on merit. I was born to be a minor establishment functionary
We straight white Oxbridge-educated males who rule Britain are used to periodic rumblings of discontent from below. Now the transvestite artist Grayson Perry, writing in the New Statesman magazine, has savaged what he calls “Default Man”: “With their colourful textile phalluses hanging round their necks, they make up an overwhelming majority in government, in boardrooms and also in the media.” The writer Caitlin Moran half-jokes that she is the only working-class Briton with a newspaper column: “I have the entire quota.”
Indeed, the Social Mobility and Child Poverty Commission notes that 59 per cent of the British cabinet, three-quarters of senior judges, half of diplomats, etc, went to Oxbridge. The typical chief executive attended Oxbridge or Harvard, says business data firm Qlik. Few of these people are women. Even those of us who groom the lower slopes of the establishment – pundits, MPs, and so forth – tend to be Oxbridge men.
More
Which way is Ireland going?
My caste produces the opinions that most British people are expected to swallow. However, the one topic we seldom discuss honestly is our own rule. So let me try to describe how it looks from up here.
We didn’t have to work very hard to get here. Luckily, the British establishment doesn’t demand workaholism, except for a few months around exams. The gentleman dilettante is still honoured (see David Cameron).
Our competition to get into Oxbridge was mostly limited to other white upper-middle-class males. After that, we began recruiting each other. When I applied to the FT 20 years ago, I think I was interviewed only by white Oxbridge men, all of them straight (except for one who soon afterwards came out of the closet).
My start in journalism was unimpressive but then I didn’t have much to prove: I already was a white Oxbridge male. Aged 28, I became a columnist at another British newspaper. Perry quotes the American writer John Scalzi, who “thought that being a straight white male was like playing the computer game called Life with the difficulty setting on ‘Easy’”.
©Luis Grañena
About the same time as I began work, a black friend started out at another newspaper. His news editor had little confidence in him, and my friend never got the career he wanted. Perhaps I now have his job.
We Oxbridge males help each other throughout life. Perry remarks that nobody talks about the “white middle-class community”. But it exists. Once, in a faraway land, I visited the British ambassador. Lo and behold, he was a straight white Oxbridge-educated male! He was like a friend I’d never met. He ended up giving me a briefing in his swimming pool. We Oxbridge males display exemplary class solidarity.
Our basic ideology is: trust in the system. After all, the system is run by chaps like me. I did my degree two minutes’ walk from Cameron’s college, and five minutes from the opposition leader Ed Miliband’s. I don’t identify with everyone in the establishment, because of intra-caste divides that are invisible to outsiders (for instance, Cameron is far posher than me) but the current popular rage at politicians bewilders me.
Like the communist rulers in 1989, we white Oxbridge males cannot defend our dominance with arguments. Most of us know we didn’t get here through individual brilliance. Perry is wrong when he says, “Default Man will never admit to, or be fully aware of, the tribal advantages of his identity.” I’m very aware of those advantages. That’s why, although I currently have a decent job at a good newspaper, I feel very little sense of achievement. My dad went to Cambridge. I was born to be a minor establishment functionary. That’s also why I’m not desperate for my children to join the establishment. What would it prove?
Our caste is always changing, just enough to make sure that everything stays the same. Lately we’ve learnt to lament the suffering of the disadvantaged. (I’m told that even younger members of the kleptocratic Angolan elite have mastered this rhetoric.) Indeed, many of the most stirring attacks on inequality and sexism are now produced by Oxbridge males – but then we produce most attacks on most things in Britain.
Given our podium, many of us feel a responsibility to lament our own power. But it’s hard to feel this viscerally. I believe that other people should rule. However, I’d like to hang on to my own spot. We will not make the revolution – or as the British say, turkeys don’t vote for Christmas.
We have expanded our caste a little. We now recruit some non-whites (preferably Oxbridge men). We’ve even begun admitting Oxbridge women. We just sideline them professionally the moment they make the mistake of giving birth. Still, our caste has kept raising the age at which females hit the glass ceiling: from zero, to 17 once they were allowed proper education, to 21 when we let them into Oxbridge, and now to 38. That’s progress, of sorts.
Perry warns darkly that Default Man might not rule for ever: “Things may be changing.” But I think we’ll hang on for a while yet.

In India  revealing the children left behindE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Big oil discovery made near Ahmedabad in Cambay basinE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

China should invest more as India giving all facilities: FICCIChina should invest more as India giving all facilities: FICCI
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Oct 26:  
China should invest more in India especially in industrial corridors which are new growth centres with the government providing most of the facilities sought by Chinese firms, FICCI said.
“India has several industrial corridors being built in various parts of the country. All these are new growth centres and the bidding is taking place with internationally accepted regulations,” FICCI Secretary General A Didar Singh told PTI here.
“This is what they (China) wanted. Their teams conducted studies in India for three years. They asked for reserved parks,” he said.
“There is no such thing as nomination in any of these corridors. However, within the areas of parks certain spaces can be allocated for different counties including Chinese,” he said.
On China’s decision to set up two industrial parks in Gujarat and Maharashtra with an investment of $ 20 billion, he said, “We see it as a beginning.”
Asked why Chinese should make more investment in India, Singh said besides a large market, India offers lower level of labour costs.
“There is tremendous requirement for growth in the economy where job creation is the key. This is a unique opportunity in India because of its youthful population, which is providing tremendous opportunity for job creation,” he said.
He said the Indian economy functions in an open transparent and democratic way and provides good platform for business to come and to gain from the investment.
On the reforms being carried out by Narendra Modi government, Singh said the single biggest reform the Indian industry is looking for at the moment is uniform GST (Goods and Services Tax).
“GST is the single biggest economic reform that should come in,” he said, adding it would make the Indian market function as one entity.
“Business entities have been asking for uniform GST and we are getting it now. There is an assurance from the government. They will require a constitutional amendment. They have the wherewithal to do it,” he said.
He said the second biggest reform industry wanted is a docile tax regime.
“The tax regime should not be aggressive. It should not be as Prime Minister Modi described once as tax terrorism,” he said stating that there should not be a retrospective tax.
“Such things we expect not to happen,” he said.
He praised the reforms initiated by the new government so far.
“Consequent specific action by the government like ‘Make in India’ campaign, reforms in labour area, changes in overseas FDI in defence, railways and insurance are welcome.
We look forward to next budget for more reforms,” Singh said.
About the improvement in the domestic investment, he said it is yet to pick up.
“Foreign investment is only five per cent while 95 per cent comes domestically. We have seen a distinct slowdown in the domestic investment in the last two years,” he said.
“But at the same time FICCI’s last two quarterly perception surveys showed positive outlook from the Indian companies as well as job creation,” he said.
“It is a very positive sign. As we see the Indian economy improves we will begin to see more investment happening. But we don’t see on the ground at least six to nine months when the new budget comes,” he said.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

German plane clips control tower in Algerian city  no injuriesGerman plane clips control tower in Algerian city, no injuries
Reuters
Tweet
ALGIERS, Oct 26:  
A German plane accidentally hit an airport control tower while taxiing before take off in the Algerian city of Tamanrasset, but there were no injuries, local officials said on Sunday.
The plane, carrying 16 people, was en route from Spain to Guinea, and had landed to refuel at the Algerian airport, officials said, without giving any further details.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Hyderabad intl airport on social mediaHyderabad intl airport on social media
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct. 26:  
Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA) has started windows on social media. It is now accessible on Facebook along with Twitter and YouTube.
“Passengers and other stakeholders will now get updated information on new services. Passengers can now remain connected and have access at all time to information on special offerings, retail options and duty free shopping at the airport,” a press release said here on Sunday, quoting S G K Kishore, Chief Executive Officer of GMR Hyderabad International Airport Limited.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Nitish seeks apology  compensation from Railway ministryNitish seeks apology, compensation from Railway ministry
PTI
Tweet
Patna, Oct 26:  
Terming the Centre and Railway ministry as “worthless”, former Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar today sought apology and compensation for the people of the state who are unable to celebrate Chhath festival due to its “mismanagement“.
“People are forced to travel as cattle in trains. They have to travel in toilets despite paying full fare. The people of Bihar are unable to celebrate the great festival of Chhath with honour due to mismanagement by the Central government. It is against Bihar. The Railway ministry is worthless,” Kumar said in his post on a social media site.
Kumar, who had twice been the Railway Minister between 1999 and 2004, hit out at the Railway Ministry saying it “should be ashamed that people lost their lives and limbs due to its mismanagement“.
“We demand that the Railway ministry to apologise to the people of Bihar and take action. The families of those who died should be given compensation and jobs. The injured should be treated and compensated. Full fare should be returned to the passengers who did not get facilities as per their tickets,” Kumar added.
The former Chief Minister also asserted that JD(U) will fight for the prestige and faith of the people of Bihar till justice is done.
The senior JD(U) leader has also attached various newspaper clippings with his post, depicting the misery of train passengers travelling from New Delhi to their native places in Bihar on the occasion of Chhath, a festival dedicated to the Sun God, which will be celebrated this year on Oct 29 and 30.
The newspaper reports, which Kumar has tagged, speak about death of a passenger to Bihar and injuries to others in the melee on New Delhi railway station and overcrowded trains.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Heavy rain lashes AP; crops submergedHeavy rain lashes AP; crops submerged
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Oct 26:  
Normal life was thrown out of gear at several places in Andhra Pradesh today with incessant rains lashing the state under the influence of north—east monsoon.
The heavy rains led to water logging and submergence of low—lying areas in the districts of Krishna, Guntur, Kadapa and Prakasam, among others, according to reports reaching here.
Several rivulets and other water bodies were in spate following the downpour, which flooded agriculture crops and disrupted road traffic at several places.
The north—east monsoon has been vigorous over south coastal Andhra Pradesh and Rayalaseema. Under its impact, rain occurred at most places in the two regions and at a few places over north coastal Andhra Pradesh, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) said.
Macharla in coastal Andhra received 29 cms of rainfall.
Moderate to rather heavy rain or thundershowers would occur at many places over north coastal Andhra Pradesh, south coastal Andhra Pradesh and Rayalaseema till tomorrow, it added.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Separate licences for stevedoring  shore handling‘Separate’ licences for stevedoring, shore handling
TE Raja Simhan
Tweet
Chennai, October 26:  
The Federation of Association of Stevedores has urged the Shipping Ministry to issue separate licences for stevedoring (handling loading and discharging of vessels and terminal activities) and shore handling.
A committee that examined the Regulation of Stevedores and Shore Handling Agents in Major Ports recently said that stevedoring and shore handling of vessels in major ports ought to be carried out by a single agency as far as possible. The committee also recommended that the Tariff Authority of Major Ports (TAMP) notify cargo handling rates for stevedores and shore handling agencies in each major port.
According to the Federation’s President KV Krishna Kumar, a combined licence will work in the case of bulk cargo but may not be practical for break bulk cargo and containers, as even now vessels come on liner terms and the stevedore and shore handling agents may be different.
The federation also said TAMP will not be able to do justice if it were to fix rates for stevedores and shore handling agencies, as there are too many variables involved.
For instance, in the case of stevedoring, depending on the situation, rates may vary with ship cranes, shore grabs or shore cranes. The rates for equipment at each port are fixed by associations and not by TAMP, Krishna Kumar said.
Policy change
The Ministry had formed the committee in June 2013, headed by its Development Advisor, to make changes in the stevedoring policy that was framed in 2009. It went through various aspects connected with stevedoring and discussed the issues with various stakeholders, including traffic managers at major ports. The committee’s formation was in the background of major ports losing market share to non major ports in the last few years — from 91 per cent in 1994-95 down to 57 per cent in 2013-14.
Focused approach
The non major ports that come under the control of State Governments have one agency to look after work of landing/loading of ships and shore handling of cargo. This gives a more focussed approach to market the ports. Such coordination and synergy has been achieved in private-public-partnership (PPP) berths in major ports where the terminal operator gets to do end-to-end handling, landing/loading and delivery/receipt of cargo for the ships.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

India offers Pakistan a hand to fight polioIndia offers Pakistan a hand to fight polio
Our Bureau
Pakistan accounts for 85% of world’s polio cases
New Delhi, October 26:  
Minister of Health and Family Welfare Harsh Vardhan has extended support to Pakistan to fight polio.
Pakistan has high incidences of the viral disease and poses a threat to India, which achieved polio-free status early this year. It is estimated that Pakistan accounts for 85 per cent of the world’s polio cases.
“Pakistan has resolved to set up monitoring cells at the grassroots level. It is also talking of involving social groups, a strategy which worked wonderfully in India,” Vardhan said. 
India has not recorded any new cases of polio in three years, but Pakistan is only now trying to put into place a National Emergency Action Plan 2014 to combat polio.Pakistan is only one of the three countries where polio remains endemic, along with Afghanistan and Nigeria. Other countries where polio persists include Ethiopia, Syria, Kenya and Somalia.
India has been following preventive measures against possibility of the infection entering the country from these nations and all travellers from these countries are mandatorily required to take polio vaccine before entering India.
However, while check-posts on Indian borders have special facilities to ensure protection against polio re-infection, including vaccinations for people coming from Pakistan and Afghanistan, the biggest threat for India remains illegal migrants. Vardhan further added that while in September 2012, after Foreign Minister-level talks, India and Pakistan decided to cooperate to eradicate polio. A technical-level group was also working in the area but little progress was made on this front.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Asset Homes to sell insured apartmentsAsset Homes to sell insured apartments
Our Bureau
The Hindu Business Line Asset Homes has entered into an agreement with New India Assurance Company to offer the coverage called Insured Asset Scheme. - KK MUSTAFAH
Kochi, October 26:  
The Kerala-based Asset Homes has introduced a new concept of bundled insurance coverage in all its newly constructed dwellings.
This new initiative was taken to counter eventualities arising out of all natural and manmade calamities, says Sunil Kumar, Managing Director, Asset Homes. The financial loss caused by recent cyclone Hudhud and devastating Kashimir floods to building structures has prompted the company to go in for an insurance coverage, he added.
“Incidents of natural calamities and manmade disasters such as terrorism, bomb explosions are on the rise, damaging buildings fully or partially. This has necessitated us to think in favour of providing an insurance coverage benefiting apartment owners,” he added.
Asset Homes has entered into an agreement with New India Assurance Company to offer the coverage called Insured Asset Scheme.
As per the MoU, all villas and apartments to be purchased henceforth from Asset Homes will be covered against damages caused by fire, earthquake, lightening, explosion, aircraft damage etc for a period of 25 years.
“It is for the first time in the country that a builder is offering such an insurance package,” he said.
The insurance company has agreed to extend a similar package for existing apartments of the company, for which discussions are in progress with resident associations.
Considering all eventualities, the need of the hour is to extend insurance coverage to buildings, CJ Philip, Deputy General Manager, New India Assurance Company said.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Haryana govt contradicts Hoodas claim  says he was invited to Khattar swearing-inPrint
Outgoing Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda talking media in Chandigarh on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: October 26, 2014 8:59 pm | Updated: October 26, 2014 9:02 pm
The new Haryana government on Sunday said that outgoing chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda was invited to the swearing-in of M L Khattar and a seat was reserved for him, contradicting the claim of the Congress leader that he did not receive an invitation.
The state government also said that Hooda’s name was among the dignitaries who were to receive Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Chandigarh Airport.
A Haryana government release this evening claimed that office of Deputy Commissioner, Rohtak had delivered an invitation card of the swearing-in ceremony at Hooda’s and Member of Parliament Deepender Singh Hooda’s residence at Rohtak on Saturday.
“The invitation was delivered by an official of office of DC, Rohtak at about 1 PM on October 25,” the release said. Apart from this, one chair was exclusively reserved for outgoing Chief Minister on dais, the release said, adding that Hooda’s name also figured among the dignitaries who were to receive the Prime Minister at Chandigarh Airport.
However, Hooda told reporters this afternoon, “I did not get the invite. Had I got one, I would have thought over it (whether to attend).”
A galaxy of leaders including the Prime Minister, L K Advani, Murli Manohar Joshi, several Union Ministers, Chief Ministers of four BJP-ruled states, besides others attended the ceremony of Khattar and his Council of Ministers. Khattar was sworn-in as the 10th Chief Minister of Haryana on Sunday.

At high tea  Narendra Modi tells NDA MPs to ensure  Clean India    MP Model Village    Jan Dhan  successE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Swachh Bharat  Jan Dhan on menu at Modis tea for alliesPrime Minister Narendra Modi felicitates BJP President Amit Shah during a High tea hosted by him for NDA MP's at his residence in New Delhi on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: October 26, 2014 9:28 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday hosted a high tea for all NDA MPs — the first such event after the BJP-led alliance came to power in May — and utilised the occasion to ask them to be a symbol of positive political entity.
At the event held at his Race Course residence, Modi also made a fervent appeal to all the NDA MPs to ensure the success of his ambitious projects like Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, Jan Dhan scheme, Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana and labour reforms. The meeting lasted for about two hours during which the MPs were given presentations on these schemes.
“There was an elaborate discussion on many issues which the government has brought to the nation. We had an address by the Prime Minister who talked about cleanliness, various issues before the government, how a common MP can turn things in this country, how a common MP can be a symbol of positive political entity and how the respectability of politicians can be enhanced in the country,” said BJP general secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy after the meeting.
He said the Prime Minister talked on a wide range of issues. “The Prime Minister happily endorsed the achievements of the BJP and greeted Amit Shah on his victory in Haryana and Maharashtra,” Rudy said.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu coordinated the meeting where various departments made presentations.
(With PTI inputs)

Delhi govt to convert Johad in Uttam Nagar into living lakeDelhi govt to convert Johad in Uttam Nagar into living lake
Think big  think far: PM Modi tells NDA MPs over high teaThink big  think far: PM Modi tells NDA MPs over high tea
Maharashtra: BJP MLAs to meet on Oct 28 to elect CMMaharashtra: BJP MLAs to meet on Oct 28 to elect CM
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai/New Delhi, Oct 26:  
Maharashtra BJP Legislature Party will meet on Tuesday to elect its leader to set the ball rolling for government formation even as backchannel talks continued with former ally Shiv Sena for a possible coalition.
BJP Maharashtra unit president Devendra Fadnavis continues to be the frontrunner for the post of Chief Minister though there are some more names doing the rounds.
The meeting to elect the Legislature Party Leader and the Chief Minister designate will be held at 11 a.m. at Vidhan Bhavan on Tuesday (October 28), senior BJP leader Eknath Khadse told reporters in Mumbai today.
Earlier, Khadse, Fadnavis and senior BJP leader Vinod Tawde had met to discuss preparations for government formation.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and BJP in—charge of Maharashtra J P Nadda would attend Tuesday’s meeting as observers.
The BJP legislature party leader would meet Maharashtra Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao to stake claim for forming the next government, Khadse said.
“We will prove our majority in the house if the Governor desires,” he said.
BJP, which has emerged as the single largest party in the elections held for the 288—member Maharashtra Assembly, winning 122 seats, has already been offered unconditional outside support by the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) which won 41 seats.
With its 63 MLAs, Shiv Sena is the second largest party in the House.
Sources said the BJP is in back channel talks with Shiv Sena over government formation and efforts are being made to settle the differences with its oldest ally with whom it snapped ties ahead of polls.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

The CEO fad for extreme exercise has gone too farThe CEO fad for extreme exercise has gone too far
Lucy Kellaway
Sport does not broaden an executive’s worldview. Virtually everything else does
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/262d8c6c-593d-11e4-9546-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New York doctor tests positive for EbolaLast updated: October 24, 2014 5:07 am
New York doctor tests positive for Ebola
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8b159694-5b20-11e4-8625-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The problem that Gucci and Abercrombie have in commonShoppers exit a Gucci store in Hong Kong. (Lam Yik Fei/Bloomberg)
Gucci, the purveyor of ultra-high-end handbags, sunglasses and other accessories, reported some not-so-glamorous earnings results on Thursday.
Kering, the Paris-based fashion conglomerate, said that Gucci sales dipped 1.6 percent in the third quarter, even as other luxury brands in its stable saw healthy growth.  Yves Saint Laurent, for example, saw sales soar 27.6 percent, while sales at Bottega Veneta rose 10.4 percent.
The Wall Street Journal’s Manuela Mesco wrote a story yesterday exploring why Gucci sales are flagging .  One of the key reasons, she reported, is that the brand has become so widely recognized and so prolific that women are turning away from it because it no longer feels unique or special.
It’s a familiar story, one that is playing out at numerous other high-end fashion brands.  Michael Kors stock has been sliding from record highs as the company projects its rocketing sales growth is about to slow down. Analysts have said that Kors is cooling off because it has lost its exclusivity amid rapid expansion.  Same goes for Coach:  As the luxury brand went big with outlet stores that peddled its iconic bags at cheaper prices, luxury shoppers started to abandon the brand.
There are some parallels here to the struggles encountered by the one-time kings of teen retail , Abercrombie & Fitch, American Eagle Outfitters and Aeropostale. Each of these brands is struggling to entice customers as the middle-school and high-school set increasingly flock to competitors such as H&M and Forever 21.  Teens have in part been attracted to the low prices and trendy styles carried by the fast-fashion retailers, but they’ve also been lured by clothing that they believe makes them stand out, not blend in.  The logoed apparel at a store such as Abercrombie, they say, lacks originality. Many teens now find it tacky to brazenly display where their clothing comes from.
And that position is not all that different from what luxury shoppers are saying about ubiquitous brands such as Gucci, Michael Kors and Coach.
For example, here’s what shopper Helen Nonini told Mesco about getting rid of her collection of Gucci bags: “I just don’t want to be categorized,” Nonini said. “I don’t want someone in the street to look at me and know right away who designed the bag I’m carrying or how much I paid for it.”
It’s a sentiment that has striking similarity to what 14-year-old Isis Corbett told The Washington Post in August about why she doesn’t like to shop at Abercrombie.
“A lot of teenage girls wear it, so everyone else has it,” Corbett, said. But “you can find more unique things here,” she added, standing among racks of jewelry in Forever 21.
So while Gucci may be hawking $3,950 python and and bamboo handbags and Abercrombie is selling $88 super-skinny jeans , their challenges aren’t all that different: Both retailers have to find a way to win back a customer that seeks a distinctive, one-of-a-kind look that won’t make them appear to simply follow the fashion pack.
 
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

National renewal fund  reduxTweet
Skills training must encompass those rendered jobless
The Centre’s labour reforms push is laudable, but seems to have overlooked an important issue: the need to create a better safety net while removing fetters on the movement of labour and capital. Employees put out of work for no fault of theirs deserve better. The reasons for job losses are varied: a spike in taxes or input costs, an exchange rate or interest rate shock, political turbulence, mismanagement at the top, and a technology shift leading to a sudden disruption in demand patterns. The last is captured in the growth of e-retail, which has resulted in jobs being lost in brick and mortar establishments. The challenge in this and every other case is to improve the skills of workers by retraining them. This is a worthy investment in a skills-starved economy. It is unfortunate that the Centre’s skill development and apprenticeship scheme, which expands the capacity of training centres, falls severely short on this score.
The focus is largely on training new entrants into the workforce, with little concern for the aptitudes of those already in the labour market. For instance, the Twelfth Plan document points out that five million jobs were lost in manufacturing between 2004-05 and 2009-10, the high growth years. But it does not explore whether the skill sets of employees in one sector can be put to use in another. ‘Redeployment and training’ is not a new idea; in 1992, as part of its reforms push, the PV Narasimha Rao government created the National Renewal Fund (NRF) not just to rightsize the public sector, but also to redeploy those cast aside. The NRF ended up being no more than a golden handshake scheme for the 75,000 or so ‘surplus’ employees and was wound up a decade later.
It is time to refashion the NRF as a redeployment initiative. It should be conceived as a public-private partnership in financial terms but implemented in a tripartite spirit. Industry should be incentivised to undertake such activity, perhaps as part of its CSR initiative. One of the pre-requisites for moving ahead on this score is to have usable data. Market surveys tend to be more optimistic than reliable, which leads to misallocation of both capital and labour. The National Sample Survey Organisation’s (NSSO) surveys on ‘employment and unemployment’ are conducted every five years. This is not enough. The Labour Ministry should get back to doing, or coordinating, quarterly (or at least half-yearly) job surveys, a practice it began after the 2008 financial meltdown but discontinued after five quarters. The scope of such surveys should be expanded with the support of the NSSO and industry bodies. Shock-prone industries can then be identified and the right steps taken. The new skills scheme can step in here.
(This article was published on October 24, 2014)
Related

Behold  An Old-School Cassette Player That Streams Spotifyreddit
Do you love the at-your-fingertips convenience of modern music consumption, but get nostalgic for the days of the cassette tape? One man is having it both ways, by retrofitting an old cassette player to play music via Spotify.
To get the effect seen in the video above, British developer Matt Brailsford loaded a cassette player with a small computer called Raspberry Pi . He then attached near field communication (NFC) tags -- the same technology that lets you pay for things with your smartphone -- to old cassette tapes. The tags signal which Spotify playlist the recorder plays.
Brailsford told CNET that the entire process took him about two or three weeks . Most of that time was spent figuring out how to fill the old cassette player with new components so that the "pause," "stop," "next" and "previous" buttons all work. The old "record" button turns the system on , Engadget pointed out.
Brailsford said he got the idea when a friend showed him an iRecorder , a cassette player-inspired speaker for iPhones.
"That brought back tons of happy memories of creating mixtapes for (potential) girlfriends, and recording the charts every Saturday while trying not to get the DJ's voice in the recording," Brailsford told CNET.
For more detail on how Brailsford made the Spotify-playing cassette recorder, click over to CNET.
More:

A new Warsaw museum devoted to Jewish-Polish history© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/86f06bbc-5a48-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FTs Paris bureau chief on his illuminating stay in the City of LightFT’s Paris chief on his illuminating stay in the City of Light
Hugh Carnegy
From state dinners to roller-tours, three years in the heart of the city gave Hugh Carnegy some memorable moments
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/55d2ed0e-5519-11e4-b616-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NLC expects to step up production soon as contract workers rejoin dutyHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
NLC expects to step up production soon as contract workers rejoin duty
PTI
A lignite mine at Neyveli Lignite Corporation in Neyveli. -- T. Singaravelou
Chennai, Oct 25:  
Production at Neyveli Lignite Corporation in Tamil Nadu is expected to improve significantly in the coming days as contract labourers who were on strike for the last 52 days have joined duty, official sources said.
Due to the strike as well as rains, production at the facility had dropped and currently stands at 1300 MW.
Neyveli Lignite produces about 2,740 MW of energy.
“Most of them have joined duty and production is going on smoothly. Production was affected due to the active monsoon and also by the strike. Annual maintenance also was one of the reasons for the drop in production. We expect to improve it in the coming days,” a company spokesperson told PTI.
The ‘navratna’ company witnessed a 52-day strike by contract labourers pressing for various demands, including wage revision.
Several rounds of talks were held in the past but there was no breakthrough. However, at the tripartite meeting held here yesterday in the presence of Deputy Chief Labour Commissioner (Central) K Kandasamy, an agreement was reached.
At the recent annual general body meeting of the company, NLC Chairman and Managing Director B Surendar Mohan, said the commissioning of Unit-I of the Tuticorin Power Project of subsidiary company NLC Tamil Nadu Power Ltd is expected soon and another project Neyveli Uttar Pradesh Power Ltd is awaiting environment clearance.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

Defective airbags: Nissan to recall 9 000 units of Micra  Sunny in IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Defective airbags: Nissan to recall 9,000 units of Micra, Sunny in India
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 25:  
Japanese auto major Nissan is recalling 9,000 units of its compact car Micra and mid—sized sedan Sunny in India to replace defective airbags as part of a global recall.
The recall will cover cars manufactured between 2008 and 2012 that use safety airbags made by its supplier Takata.
“Nissan plans to begin notifying customers soon. Nissan dealers will replace the driver airbag inflator with a correctly manufactured part at no cost to the customers for parts or labour,” a Nissan India spokesperson said.
The global recall of 2,60,000 units by the Japanese auto major affects models, including Note, March/ Micra, Sunny/ Almera/ Versa, Patrol and Cube.
These are affected by a driver airbag concern that Takata reported to Nissan, the company said.
Ever since auto industry body SIAM started voluntary vehicle recall for safety-related issues in India in July 2012, over seven lakh vehicles have been recalled by various manufacturers including Maruti Suzuki, Mahindra & Mahindra, Toyota, Ford, Honda and General Motors.
Last month Maruti Suzuki India announced the recall of 69,555 units of Dzire, Swift and Ritz models manufactured between March 2010 and August 2013 to repair a wiring harness fitment.
In April this year, in one of the biggest vehicle recalls in India, Maruti Suzuki recalled 1,03,311 units Ertiga, Swift and DZire — manufactured between November 12, 2013 and February 4, 2014 to replace a faulty fuel filler neck.
Last year, General Motors India recalled over 1,10,000 units of its multi-utility vehicle Tavera to address emission and specification issues.
The Government is in the process of framing a mandatory recall policy that would entail penalties as part of the new Central Motor Vehicle Rules.
(This article was published on October 25, 2014)
Related

We need to reinvent... but Rahul  Sonia not responsible for defeatE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cos having pact with CIL will have to transport 30% of coal by road‘Cos having pact with CIL will have to transport 30% of coal by road’
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Oct 26:  
All consumers of Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd (MCL), including power firms, who have inked fuel supply pacts with Coal India will have to transport 30 per cent of the contracted quantity by road if it is within a limited distance.
“In a major decision taken by Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd (a coal India arm), all consumers of Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd who have a fuel supply agreement with the company, will have to transport 30 per cent of the FSA (fuel supply agreement) quantity by road if the destination point is within 50 km from the mines,” according to an MCL spokesperson.
The move, the spokesperson said, would provide major employment opportunities to the land oustees not eligible for employment under the R&R Scheme, since they can now take up the coal transportation contracts.
This would also benefit the local coal transporters and other allied works with higher quantum of work, the spokesperson said.
“The scheme saw the light of the day due to active support from CIL and the Coal Ministry,” he said.
Coal India is a holding company with seven wholly-owned coal producing subsidiaries, including MCL.
State-owned Coal India has so far signed 162 fuel supply agreements (FSAs) with power plants.
The government had earlier directed the coal major to sign supply pacts with power projects of 78,000 mw capacity. As many as 172 FSAs are to be signed in this regard.
Two deadlines set for the signing of FSAs by CIL with the power producers could not be adhered to. The government had set the deadline of August 31, 2013 for signing of FSAs, which could not be met. The second deadline was set for September last year.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

The androgynous boxer-hybrid is here to stay  whether you like it or notOctober 24, 2014 5:13 pm
The return of the grundie
Jo Ellison
A full debrief on how grunge-era underwear came back into fashion
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b6bc5438-586c-11e4-a31b-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian plants queue up for Lindstrom workwearHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Indian plants queue up for Lindstrom workwear
Murali Gopalan
The workers at Lindstrom plant in Hyderabad.
Juha Laurio
Mumbai, Oct 26:  
He could be sitting thousands of miles away at his corporate headquarters in Finland but Juha Laurio is keeping a close watch on India.
The President & CEO of Lindstrom knows only too well that the country is a key growth lever for his 166-year-old group which specialises in supplying workwear to companies worldwide.
Lindstrom has been in India for seven years now with service centres spread across Assam, Gujarat Delhi, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Punjab. These are the supply points for clean uniforms to workers in different user industries. There is a rental fee for workwear and the centres take care of their mending, washing and maintenance.
“We are very happy with the India business and see good growth for Lindstrom. This is a huge market where the number of employees across (customer) companies is on the rise,” Laurio told Business Line during a recent visit.
Lindstrom is growing at 40-50 per cent annually in India and is increasingly using the intellectual resources in the country for its global operations. A section of employees is already part of management training programmes at the Finland headquarters. This is in addition to exchange programmes planned where there will be a constant flow of people coming to India as part of an effort to better understand work processes.
“People in this country are hungry for success and that is what is driving them to excel,” Laurio says. It is amply clear to him that a lot of action is happening in Asia with China and India, in particular, seeing “nice growth which is good news for us”.
Lindstrom is also on track with its Vision 2016 which will see 25 countries being part of the global roadmap. There are already 23 in place and the list should be complete next year with perhaps the new additions happening in the Asia-Pacific region.
“I have no hesitation in saying that India is one of the top markets for Lindstrom and its stature will only grow in the coming years. We are now working on Vision 2020 which will fuel more opportunities through this decade,” Laurio says.
According to Anupam Chakrabarty, MD of the Indian operations, workwear could have been a new concept in India when Lindstrom first set up shop in 2007 but things have changed quite rapidly.
“Today, companies appreciate the importance of hygiene and safety for workers as well as their image especially when they are part of a larger global arena with stricter regulations in place,” he says. Many companies prefer to outsource their entire workwear management to Lindstrom which is a specialist in this field.
The industries which the Finnish group is focusing on are primarily food, pharmaceuticals, healthcare, automobiles and fast moving consumer goods. These are sectors where the demand for workwear is expected to increase rapidly in the future.
In the coming years, Lindstrom will look at establishing business units within 200 kilometres of these service centres. This will help access smaller towns which are seeing rapid growth and set the pace for a gradual expansion in operations to smaller regions.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Defence ministry clears projects of worth Rs 80 000 crDefence ministry clears projects of worth Rs 80 000 cr
Indian-born sundar pichai becomes googleand#8217;s product chiefIndian-born sundar pichai becomes googleand#8217;s product chief
Is Poroshenko set to win an outright majoritySign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Rightwing muscles in on Ukraine electionRightwing groups muscle in on Ukraine election
Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/874427c0-5ad9-11e4-b449-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP ready to partner Shiv Sena  but no preconditions: TawdeBJP ready to partner Shiv Sena  but no preconditions: Tawde
Editorial: Rate cut aheadE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

IT hits a speed breakerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Insurance firms may take Rs.2 400-cr hit due to Hudhudcyclones
U.S.-based catastrophe modelling firm AIR Worldwide has estimated that insurance companies may take a hit of around Rs.2,400 crore due to Cyclone Hudhud, which recently battered Andhra Pradesh and Odisha coasts.
AIR Worldwide’s insured loss estimates assume that an insurance penetration of three per cent for residential lines, 20 per cent for commercial, and 30 per cent for industrial segments, the Boston-based catastrophe modeller said in a statement on Thursday. The range in the modelled insured losses reflects uncertainty in the meteorological parameters associated with the event. For insured loss estimation, there is additional uncertainty in the take-up rates (insurance penetration) in the country.
These insurance take-up rates are somewhat higher than State-wide insurance penetration rates and reflect the fact that majority of losses are from Visakhapatnam, which has higher insurance penetration compared to the average elsewhere in Andhra Pradesh.
“The very severe Cyclone Hudhud made its landfall on October 12, near Vizag with maximum sustained winds of 87 knots, according to the India Meteorological Department,” AIR Worldwide Assistant Vice President and Senior Principal Scientist Peter Sousounis said in the statement. A crucial component of providing an accurate insured loss estimate is ascertaining the storm’s exact strength at landfall. However, this is challenging, because there are discrepancies in the storm’s reported intensity from various agencies due to satellite-based algorithms, parameter estimation and averaging times, AIR Worldwide said. Majority of the insured damage caused by Hudhud is concentrated in Vizag, AIR Worldwide India Managing Director and Senior Vice-President Praveen Sandri said, adding that about 48,000 homes were damaged in Odisha’s southern districts, the statement said.

Apple CEO Says Had  Very Open  Talks in China: Xinhuaapple ceo says had  very open  talks in china: xinhua
Manohar Lal Khattar: Challenges before new BJP Haryana chief ministerE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar firmly rooted to groundE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Maharashtra BJP MLAs to elect leader on October 28state politics
Announcement comes amid growing frustration within Shiv Sena which has been kept on hold by the BJP
Even as a section of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) State unit continues to lobby for a minority government in Maharashtra with the help of Independents, the party announced on Sunday that it wanted a tie-up with its estranged ally, the Shiv Sena. However, this announcement came with the rider that the Sena should come on board without any conditions.
“We are keen to take the Shiv Sena with us in forming the new government, but they should come forward without any conditions. Discussions on portfolios can come later; it is important to have a meeting of minds,” said senior BJP leader Vinod Tawde.
The party’s statement came after an outburst by Sena MP Gajanan Kirtikar earlier in the day: “The BJP does not want us. Their State leaders do not want the alliance.” Mr. Kirtikar was in Delhi to attend Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s high tea for NDA constituents.
There is growing frustration within the Sena which has been kept on hold by the BJP ever since the election results. Many in the party feel the BJP is set to humiliate them and is not serious about striking an alliance.
However, the party welcomed the BJP’s statement. Meanwhile, the BJP has announced that its Chief Ministerial candidate will be chosen on Tuesday after a meeting of legislators and MPs. Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and senior BJP leaders will be present.
The swearing-in ceremony is expected on October 30 at Wankhede stadium. Mr. Modi may attend the event.

Sundar Pichai to Take over Google Android Division from Chief Andy RubinSundar Pichai to Take over Google Android Division from Chief Andy Rubin
Ulips cheaper  but funds more portableUlips cheaper  but funds more portable
Investors welcome Europe s bank tests as step in right directionInvestors welcome Europe s bank tests as step in right direction
Existing deep-water gas finds are not eligible for premium: Oil MinisterDharmendra Pradhan
New Delhi, October 26:  
ONGC and Reliance Industries will not get a premium for the gas they extract from deep and ultra-deepwater discoveries already made.
The new price formula, announced on October 18, said that for all discoveries in deep and ultra-deepwater as well as high pressure-high temperature areas, a premium would be paid based on the prescribed procedure.
But “we are very clear in our policy… The premium will be given to only those discoveries that are made or notified after November 1, 2014. The categories have been defined,” Dharmendra Pradhan, Minister of State (Independent Charge) for Petroleum & Natural Gas, told BusinessLine.
New discoveries
“The contractors will have to approach the Directorate-General of Hydrocarbons (DGH) if they make any new discoveries in these (deep/ultra-deep) areas. The DGH will evaluate them. Based on the DGH views, the Government will take a call on the quantum of the premium,” the Minister said. The exploration majors — one in the public sector and the other in private — had been maintaining that a gas price of under $8 a unit (million British thermal units) was not viable to bring discoveries in these areas into production.
RIL and its partners (BP and Niko) in the Krishna Godavari Basin, KG-D6 block, have been looking for clarity to bring into production R-cluster and Satellite discoveries. Under the KG-D6 block enhancement plan, the contractors (RIL-BP-Niko) were planning to invest over $5 billion in the next three to five years to develop around 4 trillion cubic feet (tcf) of discovered natural gas resources.
ONGC, on the other hand, had wanted to adopt a cluster approach for its East Coast discoveries (estimated at 11). Its East Coast finds also comprise an ultra-deepwater discovery (UD-1). According to early reports, ONGC had estimated producing 6-9 million standard cubic metre of gas from its East Coast finds by mid-2017. Analysts said that under the production sharing contract regime, the average cost of production in major producing fields varied from $2.19 to $3.70/unit. According to Narendra Taneja, an oil industry expert, “if one goes purely by the existing production sharing contracts then the contractor recovers its cost first. This leaves no room for any complaint.”
According to industry observers, when ONGC sought a higher gas price of $6-8 a unit then crude oil was trading at $115-120 a barrel. But, now with the steep decline in crude oil prices, input costs — rig rates — have fallen proportionately. “As a result of drop in input cost, the production cost will also decline. Therefore, the new gas price should not be much of an issue,” a senior oil company official said.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

Hudhud: New India Assurance promises quick settlement of claimsG Srinivasan, CMD, New India Assurance Company
Vizag Steel and some of the bigger units yet to submit claims, says CMD
Visakhapatnam, October 26:  
New India Assurance Company, the largest general insurer in the country, will make all efforts to help the Hudhud cyclone-hit policyholders in Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts, according to Chairman and Managing Director G Srinivasan.
He made the promise to the policyholders at a meeting here on Sunday evening after visiting the cyclone-hit units in the Visakhapatnam district such as the Visakhapatnam Steel Plant, Coromandel International and some small-scale units.
He said his company was “fully aware of its responsibility to its clients in the hour of crisis. We have received 700 claims so far, of which, we have already made the on-account (interim) payments in 275 claims.
“In the remaining claims also, we will make the interim on-account payments by the month-end. The full claim settlement will be completed by the second or third week of November. We have made an assurance to the AP Chief Minister to that effect.”
He said he had met Chief Minister N Chandra Babu Naidu in Hyderabad on Saturday and apprised him of the steps being taken by his company for speedy settlement of the claims. He said there was lack of awareness in the country about insurance and “the industrial units have to insure themselves for the replacement value of the assets.
“Insurance is not very costly, but most of the small units are not even insured or they are grossly underinsured, which does not serve the purpose.”
He later told newspersons that Vizag Steel and some of the bigger units had not yet submitted their claims as they were evaluating the damage. He said his company would later conduct workshops to promote awareness about insurance.
The CMD promised the policyholders that he would visit the area again and that his company had appointed a team at the central office to monitor constantly the claims from the region and to facilitate their speedy settlement.
(This article was published on October 26, 2014)
Related

NSA to visit Bardhaman siteUpdated: October 26, 2014 22:57 IST
NSA to visit Bardhaman site
Suvojit Bagchi
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval
TOPICS
inquiry
Concern over security situation in eastern frontier after unearthing of terror modules
National Security Adviser Ajit Doval is expected to visit the blast site in Bardhaman in West Bengal and meet Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Monday. He is also expected to meet officers of the Central agencies in Kolkata. This is the second time the NSA is coming to Kolkata since the Trinamool Congress came to power in 2011.
While in 2011, the then NSA Shivshankar Menon came to discuss the issue of Teesta water-sharing with Bangladesh, Mr. Doval is coming to discuss the security situation following increased tensions after the blast in Bardhaman earlier this month and identification of 58 suspected terror modules in the border State. The NIA has said proscribed Bangladesh terror group JMB was responsible for the blasts. Terror modules in West Bengal were making explosive devices to be used in Bangladesh.

