Difference Between CTC and Take Home Salary ExplainedYou are here: Home Your Money
Difference Between CTC and Take Home Salary Explained
BankBazaar.com | Updated On: December 09, 2014 11:35 (IST)
Deadline to Exchange Pre-2005 Notes Extended
Ankit Sharma, 22, an engineering graduate, was happy as he got placement through campus interview and was offered a salary package of Rs 3.6 lakh annual CTC (cost to company). From the first day, he started planning how he wanted to spend his first salary. But his excitement was dimished when he received the much-awaited pay slip.
Before joining a workforce, many generally have a misconception that the actual take home salary is same as CTC. But in reality, there is huge difference between the two.
Why CTC is different from pay slip
When Ankit rechecked the details he found that there are many components in CTC which he won't receive. The HR department at his new office gave him the break up and said that his maximum entitled limit was only Rs 22,491 a month where according to the CTC offered, he thought it would be Rs 30,150. It was explained to him that the employer's contribution to provident fund was part of the CTC but not of his salary.
The same logic is applicable for the company's contribution towards employees' medical insurance as well.
Income tax and professional tax also got deducted from Ankit's CTC. He would get Rs 22,491 only if he touched the maximum limit of overtime and upon submission of medical bills worth Rs 15,000.
Break-up of CTC and tax liability is given below:
Component of salary
PF (12% of basic salary)
28,800
Break up of take home salary:
Deductions/take home salary
Tax (10% of taxable amount)
28,800
Employee provident fund (12% of basic salary)
28,800
22,491
Components of salary
Basic salary: Basic salary is the core salary and it is the fixed part of the compensation package. A number of other components are calculated in the basic salary. Generally, the basic salary depends upon the employee's designation or grade.
Allowance: Different types of allowance is given to employees such as house rent allowance (HRA), leave travel allowance (LTA), dearness allowance, convince allowance, city compensation allowance and children's education allowance.
Perquisites: It is basically different facilities such as rent free accommodations, car facility, interest subsidy on loan, reimbursement on medical bills and club facility.
Contribution to provident fund: Contribution to the provident fund is mandatory for Indian companies. Twelve per cent of the basic salary gets contributed from the employee for PF and another 12 per cent by the employer. So 24 per cent of the basic salary gets deducted.
Reimbursement: Sometimes employees are entitled to many reimbursements such as medical treatment, newspaper, phone bill etc. One would not get the money in salary but funds will be passed against submission of such bills. So these are not included to the monthly pay slip. Most of the cases, an upper limit is there for each category.
Life and health insurance: New joinees get excited when they come to know that their organisation is taking care of them and paying the premium of their life and health insurance. But in reality, it is included in the CTC.
Transport facility: Getting a car from office may sound really good but actually, transport facility or pick-and-drop facility is also a component of the package. The interest-free car loans are not actually free.
Subsidised meals: It is true that really there is no free lunch. Free lunch, subsidised meals from office canteen, food coupons even the tea or coffee come with a price tag to the employee.
Rent of the office space: It is surprising but true that sometimes the rent of office space (the space in the employee's cabin) is borne by the employee in his CTC.
Making the most of your CTC
One has to understand the basic difference CTC and take home salary:
CTC = Direct benefits + indirect benefits + saving contributions
Whereas,
Take Home Salary = Direct benefits - employee PF - other deductions if any - income tax
While negotiating with a new employer, one should try to increase the direct benefit part of CTC. For instance, if an organisation is offering transportation, which is an indirect benefit, the employee should try to get it as conveyance allowance which is a direct benefit. Negotiation can be done to convert the subsidised meals to food allowance again to convert indirect benefit to direct benefit
Many organisations offer ESI benefits for employee's health. But there are only few ESI (Employee's State Insurance) hospitals where the facility is available. If the employee is offered medical reimbursement, it benefits him more. One can also ask for family health insurance and medical reimbursement instead of the employee alone. Even if the total coverage or the maximum limit of reimbursement is the same for individual or family, it will minimise expenditure.
House rent allowance gives some tax rebate. Up to a certain limit, conveyance allowance is tax free. So this is a must-include in the compensation package instead of a pick-and-drop facility. Before accepting an offer from the new employer, you should try to know the company policy. The tax liability of allowances and perquisites vary from one company to another.
Conclusion
Take home salary can also be increased with the help of proper tax planning. If a person invests Rs 1.5 lakh in tax saving instruments under Section 80C such as PPF, Equity-Linked Saving Scheme (ELSS) etc., then he/she can save tax. Although this would not alter the CTC, the take home salary will be increased.
BankBazaar.com is an online loan marketplace.
Disclaimer: All information in this article has been provided by BankBazaar.com and NDTV Profit is not responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the same.
Story first published on: December 09, 2014 11:35 (IST)

TCS May Lay off Employees amid Restructuring: ReportAshiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
New Delhi: IT giant Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) is believed to be undertaking a significant performance-related restructuring of its workforce, which may also lead to some employees being asked to leave the company.
Sources said that the restructuring exercise could affect both onsite and offsite positions across various verticals, even as the company said it is on track to meet hiring target of 55,000 professionals this fiscal year.
Most affected by the restructuring drive could be middle to senior-level positions, sources said, while adding that some employees may be offered positions at vendors working with TCS.
The country's largest software exporter with over $13-billion annual turnover employs over 3 lakh people across 46 countries.
When contacted, a TCS spokesperson said, "As a performance-driven company, workforce optimisation is a continuous process which happens throughout the year taking into account employee performance, business needs, and people aspirations."
"This leads to some amount of involuntary attrition in the company. This is nothing out of the ordinary or a special situation for us to comment about," the spokesperson further said.
"We continue to be leading recruiters of IT talent across the world, not only in India. In this fiscal year, we have a total hiring target of 55,000 professionals and we are on track to meet it."
At the end of last quarter ended September 30, 2014, TCS had a total headcount of 3,13,757 following a gross employee addition of over 20,000 people.
Headcount utilisation during the quarter stood at 86.2 per cent, excluding trainees, while the figure after including trainees was at 81.3 per cent.
Net addition stood at 8,326 employees during the quarter, while its attrition rate was 12.8 per cent.
During the July-September quarter, TCS also crossed a milestone of employing one lakh women professionals with a gender diversity ratio of 32.9 per cent.
The company's net profit declined by 5.8 per cent to Rs 5,244 crore in the second quarter of the current fiscal year, while revenue rose by 7.7 per cent to Rs 23,816 crore.
Story first published on: December 11, 2014 10:47 (IST)

Google Shopping Festival: Puravankara sells 125 flats in 12 HoursRBI Extends Deadline For Niche Banks' Licensing Spplications
Realty firm Puravankara Projects Ltd on Wednesday said it has sold over 125 housing units in less than 12 hours, through Google's online shopping festival.
"Over 125 homes were booked online in less than 12 hours of the offer going live, as home buyers took advantage of very lucrative offers from both Puravankara and Provident brands," Bangalore-based Puravankara said in a statement.
Puravankara Projects and its subsidiary Provident Housing are participating in the three-day Google shopping festival, that started on Wednesday, and have offered about 200 housing units spread over 12-13 projects in Bangalore, Chennai, Coimbatore and Kochi.
The price range of the flats is between Rs 40 lakh and Rs 1.25 crore. Puravankara Projects Ltd has presence in Bengaluru, Kochi, Chennai, Coimbatore, Hyderabad, Mysore and overseas in Sri Lanka.
It has 25.52 million square feet of projects under development with additional 79.83 million sq ft in projected development over the next 7-10 years.
 

2014 FT Appeal: South Sudans displacedSouth Sudan’s displaced people
Katrina Manson in Juba
A camp for the displaced in Juba
Nomi Ayour Malek had travelled to South Sudan’s capital, Juba, to buy clothes as Christmas presents for her children when fighting broke out last year. As the violence spread, she became trapped by the sudden onset of civil war in the world’s newest nation.
As a member of the country’s dominant Dinka ethnic group, she did not dare risk travelling back to her home in Jonglei province, north of Juba, where rebels from the Nuer ethnic community repeatedly attacked and took over the state capital, Bor.
More
FT seasonal appeal auction raises £126,000
“I don’t care for these two tribes,” says Ms Ayour, who is still in Juba, living in a camp for 2,600 displaced people, set up in the grounds of a school. The shelters consist of tarpaulin stretched over sticks. Women make up the majority of the camp’s inhabitants; they spend their days washing clothes in plastic vats, cooking, selling charcoal or playing cards in the shade of trees. “We are all the children of South Sudan; let them come together and settle their differences as a family,” says Ms Ayour, mindful that South Sudan spent decades fighting for independence from the Khartoum government, which it won only three years ago. “If there’s peace I’ll go back [home].”
The extent and severity of the fighting, however, as well as fear of ethnic killings, has made it unlikely that Ms Ayour will be able to return home anytime soon. She is just one of nearly 2m people, some 17 per cent of South Sudan’s population, who have been displaced by the violence.
While the civil war was triggered by a political fallout between President Salva Kiir, a Dinka, and his sacked deputy, Riek Machar, a Nuer, it has created a humanitarian catastrophe on the ground. Protracted peace talks have so far failed to deliver a lasting deal and heavy fighting could resume with the onset of the dry season early next year.
The International Rescue Committee , the humanitarian organisation partnering the Financial Times in this year’s seasonal appeal , has been at the forefront of efforts to bring help to those in South Sudan who need it most. It has got supplies through to tens of thousands of people who sought refuge by wading into swamplands with only water lilies for food; and monitors shelter and medical care for the thousands of vulnerable people in camps such as the one where Ms Ayour lives.
“IRC was one of the earliest, fastest and biggest organisations to reach deep-field locations where need was the highest; there is no question they saved tens of thousands of lives,” says Toby Lanzer, the UN’s chief humanitarian co-ordinator in South Sudan.
“At Christmas last year I called [IRC president] David Miliband and said: ‘I need you and I need you here now, big and fast’,” recalls Mr Lanzer, who says IRC is one of the top 20 most effective organisations among 200 currently working in the country.
Although it has been active in South Sudan for 25 years, IRC tripled in size this year in its effort to respond to the war. It now has more than 1,000 local staff and a budget of $28m, up $10m on last year. In the 12 months since the civil war started, the IRC, expert in working with displaced and vulnerable people, has reached 900,000 people.
“I’m really proud of the fact that we’ve been able to scale up as much as we did,” says Wendy Taeuber, IRC’s country director for South Sudan. She says IRC reached people in difficult, remote areas by canoe, with many of its staff later emerging undernourished and skinny. Famine, she cautions, “is a much more real possibility in the coming months” because people have sold cows, lost their homes and harvested only a meagre crop.
IRC protection officers such as Paul, an ethnic Nuer who did not want to give his full name, search out vulnerable people who need extra assistance. He was recruited from a camp for displaced people at one of many UN bases where he, like 100,000 others, sought refuge.
“I move house to house to find children who have no company, pregnant women, lactating mothers, old people, the disabled — four of us make about 30 referrals a week,” he says.
FT seasonal appeal
The FT has chosen the International Rescue Committee as its partner in the 2014/15 Seasonal Appeal. IRC is a global charity that helps people whose lives and livelihoods have been shattered by conflict and disaster. It works in more than 30 countries to help people survive, recover and gain control over their future. From now until early 2105, FT journalists will highlight key aspects of IRC’s vital work.
Read more
The ethnic dimension to the war is a constant source of tension and violence. An IRC report published in November says that both government and opposition forces “have committed extraordinary abuses of civilians, often deliberately targeted along ethnic lines, including mass killings, disappearances, torture and gender-based violence such as rape.”
Even in camps where the residents are drawn from ethnic groups that tend to support the government, including the one where Ms Ayour lives, which combines Dinka, Murle and Anyuak people, each group wants free food to be distributed by ethnicity and washing facilities to be provided by ethnicity. To avoid riots, aid agencies have capitulated and now distribute food via ethnic line-ups, but have so far refused to separate out latrines and shower areas other than by gender.
The tensions and controversies make it an extremely dangerous environment for humanitarian groups; aid workers in South Sudan were the third most attacked in the world this year after Afghanistan and Syria, with 35 killed. IRC has staged multiple evacuations of staff from sites across the country. In April, two IRC workers were killed at a health clinic in a UN base that was protecting thousands of South Sudanese.
“[Attackers] stormed in and shot everyone in sight; we lost two staff; so it’s been a really difficult and tragic year,” says Ms Taeuber, who says IRC has suffered many other instances of direct attack on staff this year.
“We hope that donors will continue to support the response,” says Ms Taeuber. “As the conflict continues there’s distrust on all sides; we have to serve people in need wherever they are found.”
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2015. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Nearly 2m people  some 17% of South Sudans population  have been displaced by the civil warSouth Sudan’s displaced people
Katrina Manson in Juba
A camp for the displaced in Juba
Nomi Ayour Malek had travelled to South Sudan’s capital, Juba, to buy clothes as Christmas presents for her children when fighting broke out last year. As the violence spread, she became trapped by the sudden onset of civil war in the world’s newest nation.
As a member of the country’s dominant Dinka ethnic group, she did not dare risk travelling back to her home in Jonglei province, north of Juba, where rebels from the Nuer ethnic community repeatedly attacked and took over the state capital, Bor.
More
FT seasonal appeal auction raises £126,000
“I don’t care for these two tribes,” says Ms Ayour, who is still in Juba, living in a camp for 2,600 displaced people, set up in the grounds of a school. The shelters consist of tarpaulin stretched over sticks. Women make up the majority of the camp’s inhabitants; they spend their days washing clothes in plastic vats, cooking, selling charcoal or playing cards in the shade of trees. “We are all the children of South Sudan; let them come together and settle their differences as a family,” says Ms Ayour, mindful that South Sudan spent decades fighting for independence from the Khartoum government, which it won only three years ago. “If there’s peace I’ll go back [home].”
The extent and severity of the fighting, however, as well as fear of ethnic killings, has made it unlikely that Ms Ayour will be able to return home anytime soon. She is just one of nearly 2m people, some 17 per cent of South Sudan’s population, who have been displaced by the violence.
While the civil war was triggered by a political fallout between President Salva Kiir, a Dinka, and his sacked deputy, Riek Machar, a Nuer, it has created a humanitarian catastrophe on the ground. Protracted peace talks have so far failed to deliver a lasting deal and heavy fighting could resume with the onset of the dry season early next year.
The International Rescue Committee , the humanitarian organisation partnering the Financial Times in this year’s seasonal appeal , has been at the forefront of efforts to bring help to those in South Sudan who need it most. It has got supplies through to tens of thousands of people who sought refuge by wading into swamplands with only water lilies for food; and monitors shelter and medical care for the thousands of vulnerable people in camps such as the one where Ms Ayour lives.
“IRC was one of the earliest, fastest and biggest organisations to reach deep-field locations where need was the highest; there is no question they saved tens of thousands of lives,” says Toby Lanzer, the UN’s chief humanitarian co-ordinator in South Sudan.
“At Christmas last year I called [IRC president] David Miliband and said: ‘I need you and I need you here now, big and fast’,” recalls Mr Lanzer, who says IRC is one of the top 20 most effective organisations among 200 currently working in the country.
Although it has been active in South Sudan for 25 years, IRC tripled in size this year in its effort to respond to the war. It now has more than 1,000 local staff and a budget of $28m, up $10m on last year. In the 12 months since the civil war started, the IRC, expert in working with displaced and vulnerable people, has reached 900,000 people.
“I’m really proud of the fact that we’ve been able to scale up as much as we did,” says Wendy Taeuber, IRC’s country director for South Sudan. She says IRC reached people in difficult, remote areas by canoe, with many of its staff later emerging undernourished and skinny. Famine, she cautions, “is a much more real possibility in the coming months” because people have sold cows, lost their homes and harvested only a meagre crop.
IRC protection officers such as Paul, an ethnic Nuer who did not want to give his full name, search out vulnerable people who need extra assistance. He was recruited from a camp for displaced people at one of many UN bases where he, like 100,000 others, sought refuge.
“I move house to house to find children who have no company, pregnant women, lactating mothers, old people, the disabled — four of us make about 30 referrals a week,” he says.
FT seasonal appeal
The FT has chosen the International Rescue Committee as its partner in the 2014/15 Seasonal Appeal. IRC is a global charity that helps people whose lives and livelihoods have been shattered by conflict and disaster. It works in more than 30 countries to help people survive, recover and gain control over their future. From now until early 2105, FT journalists will highlight key aspects of IRC’s vital work.
Read more
The ethnic dimension to the war is a constant source of tension and violence. An IRC report published in November says that both government and opposition forces “have committed extraordinary abuses of civilians, often deliberately targeted along ethnic lines, including mass killings, disappearances, torture and gender-based violence such as rape.”
Even in camps where the residents are drawn from ethnic groups that tend to support the government, including the one where Ms Ayour lives, which combines Dinka, Murle and Anyuak people, each group wants free food to be distributed by ethnicity and washing facilities to be provided by ethnicity. To avoid riots, aid agencies have capitulated and now distribute food via ethnic line-ups, but have so far refused to separate out latrines and shower areas other than by gender.
The tensions and controversies make it an extremely dangerous environment for humanitarian groups; aid workers in South Sudan were the third most attacked in the world this year after Afghanistan and Syria, with 35 killed. IRC has staged multiple evacuations of staff from sites across the country. In April, two IRC workers were killed at a health clinic in a UN base that was protecting thousands of South Sudanese.
“[Attackers] stormed in and shot everyone in sight; we lost two staff; so it’s been a really difficult and tragic year,” says Ms Taeuber, who says IRC has suffered many other instances of direct attack on staff this year.
“We hope that donors will continue to support the response,” says Ms Taeuber. “As the conflict continues there’s distrust on all sides; we have to serve people in need wherever they are found.”
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2015. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

 Jonathan Alcorn / Reuters / REUTERSEmail
It’s hard to stick to a budget this time of year. One big-ticket item can spell disaster.  
You know you can’t really afford that big screen TV or new sofa, but you really want it. All you need is a little convincing. That’s why so many stores offer special “deferred financing” during the holiday shopping season. They hope their “buy now and pay no interest for 12 months” promotion will encourage you to go for it.
© Jonathan Alcorn / Reuters / REUTERS
Personal finance experts are warning to be careful about using "deferred financing" during the holiday shopping season.
Personal finance experts don’t have much positive to say about these offers.
“People often get emotionally involved in that purchase and make a short-term decision that can have long-term consequences,” said Gail Cunningham, spokesperson for the National Foundation for Credit Counseling .
Deferred financing plans can come back to bite you if you don’t understand how the program works and follow all the rules.
In most cases, you’ll be required to make a minimum payment each month and have the balance paid off by the end of the promotional period.
Miss a payment or owe any money when that grace period ends and you’ll pay interest – typically 22 to 29 percent – on the full amount of the purchase, no matter how much of that balance you’ve already paid off.  It’s like the special offer never existed.
“That would turn what you think is a very good deal into a very expensive purchase – and that’s what the lender is really banking on,” said John Ulzheimer, credit expert at Credit Sesame.
Stephen Schatz, senior director of media relations for the National Retail Federation , says stores offer these zero-interest financing programs because customers want them. These programs are “much more transparent and easier to comply with” than they were a few years ago, he told TODAY.
Video: Natali Morri, a technology expert and CNBC contributor, fills Willie Geist and Sheinelle Jones on some free apps to ease your holiday shopping experience, including CardStar, which helps keep track of loyalty points, and SitOrSquat, which finds the cleanest restroom in your vicinity.
About half the retailers that offer some sort of financing program offer deferred interest plans, according to a recent survey by CardHub.com , a credit card comparison website. The report, Retailers with the Sneakiest Financing Offers , concludes that this is a “decidedly misleading and potentially harmful financing option.”
Card Hub CEO and founder Odysseas Papadimitriou says these deferred interest offers are completely different from credit cards that offer zero percent interest on new purchases for a certain amount of time.  Miss a payment on the credit card and you only pay interest on the unpaid balance – it’s not retroactive.
Consider this example supplied by Card Hub.  You buy a big screen TV for $2,000 and charge it on a credit card that offers no interest for 18 months. If you miss your payment goal by one month (you repay in 19 months), the interest would be about two dollars.
If you use the store’s 18-month deferred interest plan for that same purchase and you are late with the last payment, you’d get hit with an interest charge of $350 to $520 depending on terms of the deal (22 to 29 percent interest).
“Unless you read the fine print and understand how the deferred interest plan offered by the retailer works, you could be caught off guard and pay significantly more than if you charged that purchase on a zero-percent credit card,” Papadimitriou said.
The Card Hub study also found about a third (29 percent) of the retailers that offer deferred interest plans do not do a good job of explaining the rules to customers – “they bury this information” in footnotes or terms and conditions pages.
The bottom line: A deferred interest plan could save you money if you know the rules and follow them, as opposed to charging it and paying normal credit card interest. But, be careful.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
Tags:

Legacy bikes: made by hand in Bridgeport as  a way to get around3
“I’ll always want to be making stuff,” he said. “I’ve been a maker my whole life.”
Legacy bikes start at about $1,800, and they come in a variety of configurations around the basic Rambler model. Some have a single gear, which Borreson believes is fine for Chicago, “where the biggest hills you get are highway overpasses.”
When customers want gear bikes, he makes them with “internal gear hubs,” meaning the moving parts are inside the rear wheel hub. This, along with brakes on the hubs, keeps things simple.
Legacy bikes also are made with carbon fiber reinforced belts, rather than the traditional metal chains. The belts are more durable and don’t require messy grease, he said.
Different frames can be added, and the bikes come with generator-run lighting. Borreson will paint them any color you want. One happy reviewer on Yelp.com, identified only as “Craig C,” said Borreson built him “the purplest, awesomest bike around.”
Legacy bikes are available only from Borreson, through the company’s website. He said he has built bikes for customers as far away as Australia and Japan.
Borreson said his customer base includes people “who support the hand-made movement.” At last weekend’s Renegade Craft Fair event in Chicago, he teamed up with PoCampo founder Maria Boustead to help display her stylish bicycle bags.
Boustead said she appreciates Borreson's focus on urban riders like her — and her customers. Borreson's small scale allows him to "offer degrees of customization that you don't find with the bigger brands,” she said.
Borreson, a graphic designer by trade who still does some freelance work to help pay the bills, emphasizes the importance of design in a bicycle. He distinguishes the Rambler in the curved profile of the rear fork.
Borreson, active in the cycling community, said he’s also building a touring bike, modeled after French-made Randonneur bikes popular in the 1950s, with part of the proceeds earmarked for efforts to improve bike trails in Illinois.

Goldman CEO: Welcome to the  Chinese Centurygoldman ceo: welcome to the  chinese century
Review: The Hobbit - Part the Last© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9bbb8992-814d-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias e-Kama SutraBlissbasket spares India’s blushes in spite of risqué products
Amy Kazmin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e5a6464-7a15-11e4-8958-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Podcast: Japans snap electionsListen Later on Stitcher
|
Gaza crisis: what does current conflict mean for Netanyahu, Hamas and the wider middle east? Jul 16, 2014 - 4:20 pm
As bombing reaches its ninth consecutive day, Israeli prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu is facing criticism abroad for causing unnecessary bloodshed, and at home for not sending troops into Gaza. Gideon Rachman is joined by Siona Jenkins, Middle east news editor, and from Gaza by John Reed, Jerusalem bureau chief to look deeper at the broader Israeli/Palestinian conflict and how Hamas has been able to use the current crisis to drum up support as chaos in the middle east reaches levels unparalleled in recent decades

Russia and China - Friends or frenemiesSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Markets  macro speedbumpShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Markets' macro speedbump
Dec 11, 2014 : World markets had a tough day as investors digested fresh evidence of a slowing global economy. John Authers asked Jeffrey Kleintop, international equity strategist at Charles Schwab, whether US markets can keep rallying if the rest of the world slumps.

Indias IT sector boosts role of womenShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
India’s IT sector boosts role of women
Dec 10, 2014 : Nearly 1m women work in India’s IT sector, with increasing numbers moving into coding, although very few still rise to top jobs. The FT’s Jyotsna Singh talks to women at leading companies, who see the sector as a catalyst for better opportunities.

Explaining Bahrains land reclamation controversyShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Explaining Bahrain's land reclamation controversy
Dec 10, 2014 : As Bahrain continues to expand through land reclamation, critics say the ruling elite is benefiting from land deals.

Wearables in the Workplacereddit
The one stat you need to know
Research last year by Credit Suisse called wearable tech "the next big thing" and predicted the industry was set to grow from  around $3 billion to $5 billion today to $50 billion within five years.
What this  episode is about and why you should care
Wearable technology is an up and coming trend.  You may have heard of popular of wearable  devices such as the Fitbit and Nike Fuel Band, two popular products that are  leading the charge with consumers. In the next few years hundreds of millions  of wearable devices are projected to be purchased by consumers. It is only  natural to conclude that businesses will find a way to incorporate wearable  tech within the workplace. But how, when, what will the devices look like, and  what impact will wearable technologies have in the workplace?  In this episode of the podcast I speak with  Paul Dougherty CTO and Brent Blum Wearable Technology Practice Lead at Accenture. Paul and Brent share their perspectives on current uses of wearables in the  workplace and share some great examples. We also explore what the future of wearables is going to look and what companies and consumers should be prepared  for. s
What you will  learn in this episode
The impact that Google Glass has had on present  technology and the future
What are the benefit of wearable tech for  enterprises and consumers?
What stage are consumers at with wearable  technology?
What stage are businesses at with the wearable  technology?
What is the future of wearable technology for  businesses?
Will wearable technology ever become mainstream?
The relationship between wearables and the internet  of Things
How companies are integrating big data with the  Internet of Things
Are consumers or businesses ahead in the  wearable market?
What are some of the challenges in the next 3-5  years?
What is the future of wearable tech?
How is fashion being fused with wearable tech?
Links from the episode

Low oil price fires up US consumersLow oil price fires up US consumers
Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9742cd84-814e-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Biggest conversion on the anvilUpdated: December 12, 2014 13:31 IST
‘Biggest’ conversion on the anvil
Mohammad Ali
Tweet
PTI
Muslims stage a protest against religious conversion in Agra on Wednesday. Another re-conversion programme is being planned in Aligarh.
TOPICS
minority group
An Aligarh-based right-wing group, the Hindu Jagaran Samiti, on Thursday announced the “biggest ever” conversion programme in the country on December 25.
The announcement was immediately welcomed by BJP MP from Gorakhpur, Yogi Adityanath, and party MP from Aligarh Satish Gautam, who are expected to attend the programme.
“A number of people who had earlier left the fold of Hinduism will be reconverted at a grand ceremony to be held in Aligarh on Christmas,” Rajeshwar Singh, the regional in-charge of the Hindu Jagaran Samiti, told The Hindu over phone.
“It is not conversion as the media is branding it. A large number of citizens of this country had earlier left Hinduism due to enticement and fear. Now, they are coming back to their original faith. It is a ‘ghar vapsi’ for them,” he said.
“People from different districts of western Uttar Pradesh wanting to return to their original faith would participate.”
“Christian missionaries have been doing large-scale illegal conversion in the country. Christian families coming back into the Hindu fold also means rejection of the faith which was forced on them. Aligarh had a Hindu past. It is time we take control of our history and the city,” added Mr. Singh, who claimed to be a pracharak.
By evening, there were reports that Mr. Singh was under pressure to cancel the programme. When The Hindu tried to contact him, his phone was found switched off.

Low on wickets  high on temperSouth Africa vs West Indies, 3rd Test
2 hours 52 minutes ago
Action images from the third Test between South Africa and West Indies played at Cape Town between January 2-6, 2015. Scorecard More » South Africa vs West Indies, 3rd Test
Exit, the Coolest One - MS Dhoni
Tue 30 Dec, 2014 5:06 PM IST
MS Dhoni's decision to retire from the longest format with immediate effect after the MCG Test has come as an outright shocker. Here's a look at some images from the coolest captain's career. (Text: Reuters/ Amlan Chakraborty; editing by Patrick Johnston) More » Exit, the Coolest One - MS Dhoni
Australia vs India, 3rd Test
Tue 30 Dec, 2014 1:07 PM IST
Action images from the 3rd Test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, played between December 26-30, 2014. Scores More » Australia vs India, 3rd Test
South Africa vs West Indies, 2nd Test
Fri 26 Dec, 2014 3:12 PM IST
Action images from the 2nd Test between South Africa and West Indies played at Port Elizabeth between December 26-30, 2014. Scores More » South Africa vs West Indies, 2nd Test
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka, 1st Test
Mon 29 Dec, 2014 11:07 AM IST

West Coast port backups delay apparel  bobbleheads  french friesUnion urges shipping executives to enter West Coast port talks
By Steve Gorman Reuters
International Longshore and Warehouse Union
U.S. West Coast port backups delay apparel, bobbleheads, french fries
Brushing aside calls for federal mediation in prolonged contact talks with employers at 29 U.S. West Coast ports, the union for 20,000 dockworkers urged shipping executives on management's board of directors to take a more active part in negotiations.
The latest statement from the International Longshore and Warehouse Union came as the two sides escalated finger-pointing over chronic cargo backups at ports that handle nearly half of U.S. maritime trade and more than 70 percent of imports from Asia.
0
The Pacific Maritime Association, representing shipping lines and terminal operators at the ports, accused the union again of instigating slowdowns since October to gain leverage at the bargaining table.
Cargo that normally takes two or three days to clear the ports has faced lag times of up to two weeks, with productivity at some waterfronts cut by at least half, industry analysts say.
The union, which denies causing the bottle-necks, countered once more that the shippers themselves were largely to blame for business decisions that have disrupted port operations.
Chief among these has been shortages of tractor-trailer chassis used for hauling cargo from ports to warehouses, a result of outsourcing by shippers to third-party leasing companies. Another major factor, union and port officials say, has been the advent of super-sized freighters that have overwhelmed the capacity of terminals to unload them.
Among the ports hit hardest have been Los Angeles and Long Beach, the two busiest U.S. container cargo hubs, as well as Oakland and Seattle-Tacoma.
The Pacific Maritime Association on Monday repeated its call for the union to consent to federal mediation to help clinch a deal, saying "significant issues remain unresolved" after seven months of contract talks, including differences over wages, pensions and work rules.
The union remained silent on outside intervention in negotiations but instead urged greater "direct participation" of executives from the PMA's 11-member board of directors.
"Both sides need the right people in the room to get things finalized," union president and negotiating committee chairman Robert McEllrath said. "Indirect negotiations won't get us over the finish line."
The PMA insisted in its statement that its board had been "intimately involved in these negotiations," since before bargaining began in May.
The two sides last met face to face on Dec. 22, capping a round of bargaining that followed an exchange of proposals. There was no word from either party on plans for further talks.
(Reporting by Steve Gorman; Editing by Mohammad Zargham)

Govt finalises rules for coal mines auctionGovt finalises rules for coal mines auction
Foxconn suspends operations at Chennai plantFoxconn suspends operations at Chennai plant
Bank of Maharashtra to raise up to Rs 1 000 crore via tier-I bondsBank of Maharashtra to raise up to Rs 1 000 crore via tier-I bonds
Indian Railways opens up Rs 90 000 cr FDI opportunityHi Guest
Indian Railways opens up Rs 90,000 cr FDI opportunity
The Rs 63,000-cr Mumbai-Ahmedabad high-speed corridor and Rs 14,000-cr CSTM-Panvel suburban corridor are two of the largest projects. Foreign investors can put in as much as Rs 90,300 crore (Rs 903 billion) in India’s rail infrastructure through the foreign direct investment (FDI) route, suggests a list of projects released by the railway ministry.  The Rs 63,000-crore (Rs 630 billion) Mumbai-Ahmedabad high-speed corridor project is the single largest.   The other big ones include ...

Middle-class sexism: who cares© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b05d1bc-7ff6-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Simon Kuper: Many educated women and men have unexamined sexist assumptions© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b05d1bc-7ff6-11e4-adff-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vinod Khosla condemns Indian govt s decision to ban UberVinod Khosla condemns Indian govt's decision to ban Uber
BS Reporter | Bengaluru Dec 13, 2014 12:34 AM IST
Silicon Valley-based billionaire and prominent venture capitalist Vinod Khosla on Friday condemned government’s decision to ban internet-based taxi aggregator Uber following the alleged rape incident in Delhi recently. He said the situation should rather be used as an opportunity to fix the problem of safety, and the government could perhaps use its unique identification programme, Aadhaar, to enhance and strengthen security measures in the country.
“The right reaction to an incident like Uber is not to say let’s ban; banning it is exactly the wrong reaction. Almost every new thing will have some good consequences and some negative ones. And if you are good, you negate the negative ones over time,” Khosla said during an event jointly organised by information technology industry body Nasscom and Khosla Labs. “The one thing to realise is that every time technology makes a big difference with something, there are people who don’t like it. There’s a natural tendency to oppose anything new in most people.”
Khosla, an American businessman of Indian origins was one of the co-founders of Sun Microsystems — the company that created the Java programming language.
Following the alleged rape of a 27-year-old executive in Delhi over the last weekend by a driver of an Uber taxi, the company’s service was banned not only in Delhi but most of its important centres like Bengaluru, Mumbai and Hyderabad. A First Information Report has been filed against the company and the police are debating whether or not there is a case for criminal liability against it. The accused driver was found to have a criminal record, and Uber has been criticised for not conducting proper background check on its drivers.
As reports about the Delhi case emerged, it was also revealed that one US-based Nidhi Shah had travelled with the said driver in November and raised a red flag on him to the company. But Uber sat on the complaint.
Almost a week after the case, on Thursday the US-headquartered taxi aggregator “acknowledged” it must do better to ensure safety of its passengers, and said “We are implementing measures to ensure critical rider feedback is escalated immediately and immediate action is taken in every instance. We are also re-reviewing rider feedback on every driver partner across India, to make sure nothing has been missed.”
Addressing a crowd of entrepreneurs and startup teams, Khosla said, the ban on Uber seemed to him a “shortsighted” and “knee-jerk” response.
“As soon as I heard of the incident, my first reaction was that this is such a big opportunity to use Aadhaar-based technologies, which are unique to India. The Aadhar technologies can be combined with things like police verification and could be used to not only solve the problem of security through Uber and taxi cabs, but even in general,” Khosla said. “We should use this opportunity to make not only Uber better, but essentially all transport companies and even other services better.”
“Most people view problems as just problems, but entrepreneurs view problems as opportunities. To me, if there isn’t a problem, there isn’t a possibility,” he told the audience of young entrepreneurs.
Khosla added that Aadhaar could even play a role in having security checks and identity cards for electricians, plumber, domestic helps, and other such workers.
With the Narendra Modi-led NDA government showing support for the continuing of Aadhaar project, several stakeholders in the Indian software product ecosystem have come forward to encourage developers to building Aadhaar-enabled applications.
Among others, information technology (IT) industry body Nasscom, and startup incubators Khosla Labs and AngelPrime have decided to hold hack-a-thons where engineers would be required to write codes using Aadhaar's open-source application programming interface (API).

Regulators  job is not to boost mkt: Rajan |  Good relationship with RBIRegulators' job is not to boost Sensex, says RBI chief Raghuram Rajan
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 10.01PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(Rajan, who has kept interest…)
NEW DELHI: Unfazed by criticism that central bank is keeping interest rates high, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said the role of regulators is not to boost the Sensex.
"Financial stability sometimes means regulators, including the central bank, have to go against popular sentiment. The role of regulators is not to boost the Sensex but to ensure that the underlying fundamentals of the economy and its financial system are sound enough for sustainable growth.
"Any positive consequences to the Sensex are welcome but are only a collateral benefit, not the objective," Rajan said while addressing a Ficci function.
Comprising shares of 30 bluechip companies, S&P BSE Sensex is a benchmark of Indian stock market.
He said that in addition to inflation, a central bank has to pay attention to financial stability.
"This is a secondary objective, but it may become central if the economy enters a low-inflation credit and asset price boom," he added.
The RBI Governor's statement assumes significance as industry has criticised the RBI for not reducing interest rates even when both the wholesale and retail inflation are at a multi-year low.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley too on several occasions had nudged the RBI to cut rates and the issue also figured during a debate in the Lok Sabha earlier this week.
Rajan, who has kept interest rates unchanged since January, had yesterday emphasised that interest rate cut by itself would not lift the economy.
"It is not the only thing which is holding back economic growth. But it would have some impact," Rajan said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Originalism and the Positive Turn: my response to Steven SmithMy essay, Originalism and the Positive Turn, is now online at the Liberty Law Forum. It responds to Steven Smith’s essay (my previous post on Smith is here ; my post on Mike Rappaport’s response is here ).
From the introduction to my essay:
The new originalism has long faced two different kinds of critics: the external and the internal. The external critics are not originalists at all. Some of them simply reject all forms of originalism, but many instead argue that the new originalism is inferior to the old one. The old originalism, they say, at least had the courage of its convictions. “At least we were arguing about something!” these critics might cry. “Now, I don’t know what the debate is about anymore!”
Originalists themselves often mistrust these external critics. After all, those who are unsympathetic to a philosophy often have bad judgment about what are the best parts of that philosophy. Other external critics may not have kept with originalism’s development.
New originalism also has internal critics. The internal critic continues to adhere to, or at least sympathize with, the “old” originalism. This critic’s worry is that an originalism that yearns to be too flexible or too popular may lose whatever it was that made originalism good in the first place.
In recent years, Steven Smith has become the most important internal critic, as his Liberty Law Forum essay continues to show. Smith argues that it is time for originalists to do away with “original meaning.” Meaning is too manipulable, he says, too easily detached from the actual goals of the original enactors. We should instead look for what he calls the “original decision.”
I disagree, for reasons that are simultaneously narrow and deep. On its own terms, I think Smith’s proposal should largely collapse back into original meaning. But Smith’s proposal also reveals a foundational disagreement about originalism’s goals, and I think Smith is on the wrong side of it.
And one of my favorite paragraphs:
This emphasis on originalism’s legal status—which I and others have proposed—is the positive turn. What does it accomplish? The positive turn answers the dead-hand argument famously leveled against originalism: The earth belongs to the living, so why should constitutional law be controlled by the decisions of the dead? The Constitution continues to control precisely because we the living continue to treat it as law and use the legal institutions it makes, and we do so in official continuity with the document’s past. The same thing is true of the other parts of our law—old statutes, old precedents, and old deeds all continue to have legal force today unless other valid legal rules upset them. So the decisions of the dead still govern, but only because we the living, for reasons of our own, receive them as law.
You can read the whole thing here .
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

The Sony hack and the line between transparency and retributionBy Alyssa Rosenberg December 12, 2014 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Director Judd Apatow has never particularly had a reputation for careful parsing of the issues, so perhaps it’s not entirely surprising that yesterday, he tweeted : “Releasing private Sony e mails [sic] to hurt people is the same as releasing nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence. Why are they ok to print?” He was comparing the deliberate violation of individual actresses’ privacy to a much more indiscriminate attack on a corporate entity that happens to have embarrassed some of its employees. But while the leaks are fundamentally different, there is a better question Apatow might have posed: how do we define the difference between a leak that offers us transparency, and one that feels more like retribution?
Sony Pictures Entertainment headquarters in Culver City, Calif. on Tuesday, Dec. 2, 2014. The FBI has confirmed it is investigating a recent hacking attack at Sony Pictures Entertainment, which caused major internal computer problems at the film studio last week. (AP Photo/Nick Ut)
It’s easy to understand what’s wrong about the theft of actresses’ intimate pictures earlier this summer . The images were stolen from the women who produced and owned them, rather than leaked in some sort of ploy to parlay a sex tape into a career. Their release served absolutely no purpose other than to make the women in question feel vulnerable, and to communicate that they have no right to privacy that might interfere with someone else’s entitled voyeurism. The desire to leer at Gabrielle Union or Jennifer Lawrence is not actually a meaningful public interest that overrides a woman’s right to her privacy and property.
The Sony hack is a more confounding event, in part because the sheer size of it means that there is both trash and treasure in the cache. Some of the salary data released in the hack , for example, help put hard data behind the general sense that there are significant gender disparities in Hollywood. And for movie fans, there is certainly some interest in seeing emails that confirm that the wranglings and courtships that are involved in putting a project together do, in fact, look a lot like the machinations we saw on “Entourage.”
Yet other information, rather than providing any sort of genuinely new information, mostly serves to confirm our previous perceptions. The dumb, racist jokes about President Obama’s taste in movies that Sony Pictures Entertainment co-chairman Amy Pascal and Scott Rudin, an influential producer, exchanged in email definitely reinforce the idea that Hollywood takes racial justice most seriously when it garners someone a shot at an Oscar statuette . They’re probably worth commenting on,  as I did yesterday .
But they don’t actually provide connective tissue between unattractive bad behavior and decisions Pascal and Rudin made about what projects to greenlight, what directors to support and what actors to cast. As of now, it seems like Pascal will make a pilgrimage to New York to accept ritual forgiveness from Rev. Al Sharpton, and business in the overwhelmingly white film industry will continue pretty much as before.
Similarly, it’s embarrassing for New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd that the hack involved emails that show her giving Pascal’s husband, a former Times reporter, a look at a column about Pascal prior to its printing , as well as the two women fawning all over each other after publication. But it’s also not new that Dowd has behaved this way: in 2012, a fellow Times reporter let a CIA source have an early look at a Dowd column about “Zero Dark Thirty.” And once again, it seems unlikely that the Times will do much about it, especially as Dowd transitions over to the magazine.
“Because Sony is a powerful entity, the pretense can be floated that exposing the data has some importance,” Andrew Wallenstein, the editor in chief of Variety wrote in a meditation on the ethics of publishing information obtained from the hack . “But really, the press loves a great narrative just as much as a movie studio, and here we’re just casting Sony in the villainous role of the greedy capitalist machine getting what it deserves.”
The dividing line lies between what’s emotionally satisfying and what’s truly relevant, moving a story forward or helping point the way to actionable reforms. When members of the hacker collective Anonymous started making forays into social justice-oriented actions, it might have felt righteous in a mean sort of way for someone like revenge porn king Hunter Moore to get a taste of his own medicine  in the form of a doxxing that released his personal information. But revenge isn’t legislation or a shift societal norms: Badgering Moore did nothing to stop the theft actresses experienced earlier this year.
There are always going to be fights over which disclosures fall into which categories. And when the people insisting that hacks or leaks are irrelevant are doing so from their positions of power in government, we ought to be vigorous in our skepticism. But in an environment where Daniel Ellsberg doesn’t have to decide who gets a couple of physical copies of the Pentagon Papers, we’re all potential targets and all potential publishers. We can no longer outsource our opinions about what’s right and wrong to publish. We have to figure out these lines for ourselves.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Karachi comes to a halt after Imrans strikecallBy: Press Trust of India | Pakistan |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:23 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 12:24 am
Pakistan’s largest city and business hub was paralysed Friday on a strike call given by Imran Khan’s party as part of its countrywide protests against the Nawaz Sharif government for allegedly rigging last year’s polls.
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf chief Khan claimed that the strike by his party in Karachi was a big success and vowed to continue the campaign to create a “new Pakistan”.
The cricketer-turned-politician reached Karachi to a rousing welcome in the afternoon as the city remained paralysed due to the PTI’s strike call addressed hundreds of charged up workers and supporters at the Nursery junction on the Shahrah-e-Faisal road leading to the Airport.
The PTI announced the end of the shutdown after Imran ended his speech and headed for the airport.
“Today the citizens of Karachi have supported us and the people of Lahore will also support us on December 15,” Khan, clad in a white shalwar kameez with the PTI flag draped around his neck, said.
Markets, shops, educational institutions and petrol pumps remained closed in many parts of the metropolitan city since early morning and with sparse public and private transport on the roads the city wore a deserted look as PTI leaders, workers and supporters held protest sit-ins at around 38 points in the city blocking main arteries and roads.
At many points, including the upscale areas of Clifton and Defence, the protest sit-ins were dominated by women workers and supporters of the party.
The strike was enforced by the PTI as part of its ongoing protest against alleged rigging in the last general elections by the Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz).
They was no major incident of violence reported from any part of the city although a small PTI rally going from Lyari to join the main rally in Nursery was dispersed in panic after unknown miscreants threw a cracker in the crowd.
He said the PTI protests and sit-ins in different cities of Pakistan would continue until a judicial commission holds inquiry into the rigged election results.
Political analysts credited the PTI’s successful and largely peaceful strike to the late night announcement by the chief of the Mutthaida Qaumi Movement (MQM) Altaf Hussain that he supported Khan’s right to protest.
The PTI call to shutdown Faisalabad earlier this week ended in violence after clashes between its workers and those of the PML(N) and police.
Sharif reduces power tariffs to upstage anti-govt protests
Islamabad: Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif Friday reduced nationwide power tariffs to provide relief to people in an apparent bid to upstage protests by opposition leader Imran Khan in Pakistan’s commercial hub Karachi. Sharif Friday announced the reduction in power tariff by Rs 2.32 per unit and hinted at further reduction in petroleum prices next month. “The aim of my government is to end power shortages and reduce continued…

Movie without ascriptWritten by Pratap Bhanu Mehta |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:16 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has enormous reservoirs of political capital, refreshingly grand ambitions for India, and still strikes enchantingly nice notes. But the government is floundering. The gap between what he proposes and what the government disposes is growing wider. There is new energy in some parts of government. Some reforms, like more power to the states and the GST, look promising. The extent of regulatory rot created by the previous government is so deep that change will take time. The largest shake up of India’s power structure in decades will take time to congeal into a pattern. The mistakes of past governments are being rewired into this government faster than the innovations. But the cumulative effect is, increasingly, that the government is like a Bollywood film: a big lead, some sets, some good lines, a few meaningless fight scenes, but fundamentally, no script. We cannot break into a song just yet.
The lack of script is evident in the absence of a framework for growth. The government has taken modest steps to help private investment. But there is a fundamental contradiction in its strategy. At India’s stage, you cannot get growth up without increased public investment. The finance minister wants to practise American-style fiscal conservatism with low taxes and a low deficit, while the prime minister’s dreams are premised on Chinese-style infrastructure growth. This contradiction will come out soon. But not one government scheme, from so-called smart cities to inordinately expensive bullet trains, has a credible financing plan behind it.
The second missing ingredient of a script is administrative disarray to the point where you cannot tell the difference between the current and the previous finance ministers in all the irrationalities they share. The government will probably commit to sticking to the 4.1 per cent fiscal deficit target. Revenue shortfalls are immense. So what will happen? First, expenditure cuts. Not officially but by irrational stealth, do some dodgy juggling, don’t release money till March 31, do random compression on expenditure without assessing their rationality. Second, the government will give Vodafone the relief it wants. But the revenue shortfall will imply pressure on the income tax department to increase collection. Guess what that will do for increasing confidence in tax administration. These are standard administrative pathologies of the Indian state. All the signs are: no reversal.
The third missing ingredient is an understanding of legal risk. The current coal bill in Parliament, for example, is full of potential legal howlers, whose net effect will be to create more litigation down the line. But neither the government nor the opposition understands the importance of legal and regulatory homework that a 21st century state requires. Legal hubris did the previous government in, and the institutionalisation (or lack thereof) of legal care in this government has too many shadows of the past. When continued…

Congress legislator  ex-MLA come toblowsBy: Express News Service | Hyderabad |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:09 am
A Congress MLA and a former MLA came to blows in front of hundreds of guests at a high-profile wedding function Friday morning.
Trouble started when Vamshichand Reddy, a Congress MLA from Kalvakurty in Mahabubnagar district of Telangana, arrived to attend the wedding of a former Congress MLA’s nephew at Madhapur. Officials said that Vishnuvardhan Reddy, a former MLA, greeted Vamshichand but objected to his personal security officer (PSO) asking him to make way for the MLA.
An enraged Vishnuvardhan reportedly slapped Vamshichand. The PSO was also roughed up when he tried to save the MLA from assault by Vishnuvardhan and his supporters.
Later, both leaders lodged complaints of assault against each other at the Madhapur police station. While Vishnuvardhan claimed that the MLA insulted him, Vamshichand said that he was questioned why he had come when he was not invited to the wedding. The MLA claimed that he was invited by the bride’s father.

Sakshi Maharaj expresses regret over Godse remarksNew Delhi, December 12, 2014
Updated: December 13, 2014 01:03 IST
Sakshi Maharaj expresses regret over Godse remarks
National Bureau
BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj, who compared Nathuram Godse with Mahatma Gandhi.
TOPICS
Lok Sabha
A united Opposition, led by Congress president Sonia Gandhi, forced BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj on Friday to express regret for describing Mahatma Gandhi's assassin Nathuram Godse as a 'patriot', while compelling the NDA government too to disassociate itself from the episode.
As the Opposition’s slogans against the BJP MP and the government — “Hey Ram, hey Ram; Gandhi ke hatyare ko diya samman [Oh God, Gandhi’s killer is being honoured]” and “Doshi sarkar hai hai [down with the guilty government]” — rang through the House, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan asked Sakshi Maharaj to apologise.
Apologies galore
Given the spate of expressions of regret made in Parliament this week, she added sarcastically that perhaps she needed henceforth to set aside the first five minutes every day for apologies. Leader of Congress Mallikarjun Kharge warned the government that the Opposition would not allow the government to have its way just because it had a majority.
Leader of the Congress in the Lok Sabha Mallikarjun Kharge warned the government on Friday that the Opposition would not allow the government to have its way just because it had a majority.
He was speaking on the demand of a united Opposition that BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj express regret for describing Mahatma Gandhi’s assassin Nathuram Godse as a “patriot.”
During the din, Union Parliamentary Affairs Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu, stressing that the MP had already withdrawn his remarks, said the government and the BJP condemned and disassociated themselves from such comments.
He criticised the Congress, saying that Gandhiji would never have approved of such conduct. The Speaker then again prodded Sakshi Maharaj, who said, “I express regret before the House and the country.”
Trouble began in the morning when the Speaker, after making a reference to the December 13, 2001 Parliament attack on the eve of its anniversary on Saturday, said she had rejected notices for an adjournment motion and suspension of Question Hour to take up the issue. The Congress, RJD, Trinamool and Left MPs trooped into the Well raising slogans.
Earlier, Congress leader Jyotiraditya Scindia, along with a dozen party MPs, held a protest near the Gandhi statue in the Parliament complex against the remarks of Mr. Maharaj. “Unless he [Maharaj] apologises in the House, we will not allow the House to function,” Mr. Scindia said.

Pineapple Express  Storm Brings Floods to CaliforniaHELP
[{"id":15048938,"hedshort":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","description":"","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"RADAR - Rain and Ice Impacting Parts of the South","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUweather80F196_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":14519615,"hedshort":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","description":"","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"Dow Jones Industrial Average","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Test/ABC_News_APPLETV_THUMBS_DOW_JONES_LIVE_1280X720_16x9_608.jpg"},{"id":20969244,"hedshort":"EXPLORE.ORG: Deep-Sea Camera Off North Carolina Coast","description":"Live look at the Frying Pan underwater cam in Cape Fear, CD","image":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_992.jpg","hed":"EXPLORE.ORG: Deep-Sea Camera Off North Carolina Coast","thumb":"http://a.abcnews.com/images/Video/explore_AppleTV_20140725_16x9_608.jpg"}]

Santelli: 3 numbers to memorizesantelli: 3 numbers to memorize
WTO talks on duty-free trade in IT goods collapseWTO talks on duty-free trade in IT goods collapse
Harsh lessons from hack attack on SonyHarsh lessons from the hack attack on Sony
Emails on Angelina Jolie may embarrass but hackers are a threat
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1a97a850-8206-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rosneft to supply oil to Essar refineriesUpdated: December 12, 2014 00:40 IST
Rosneft to supply oil to Essar refineries
Lalatedu Mishra
Tweet
PTI
Essar group Chairman Shashi Ruia (right) and Rosneft President Igor Sechin exchange documents after signing an agreement at Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Thursday.
TOPICS
energy and resource
Supplies are likely to begin next year
Rosneft of Russia, the world’s largest public sector oil and gas company, and Essar Global Fund Ltd., an investment fund of the diversified Essar group, have signed key terms of oil and oil products supplies to Essar’s refineries.
Supplies are likely to begin in 2015.
The document was signed in New Delhi in the presence of visiting Russian President Vladimir Putin and Prime-Minister Narendra Modi, Essar said in a statement here.
Since Russia is affected by economic sanctions imposed by the U.S. and the EU due to its alleged involvement in Ukraine, Rosneft, with this deal, will have a secured market outlet for its oil and oil products. Essar will have a reliable and stable partner as a supplier of oil and oil products to its refining facilities. “The strategic potential of reached agreement between Rosneft and Essar can hardly be overestimated,” Head of Rosneft Igor Sechin said.
“The implementation of the contract will fuel significant growth in the goods turnover between two countries,’’ Mr. Sechin said. “We are happy to partner Rosneft for long-term supply of crude oil and products. This provides good long-term raw material security to our refineries,” said Essar group Chairman Shashi Ruia.
Essar group company Essar Oil owns the second largest single site refineries, having a capacity of 20 million metric tonnes annually.

ISIS twitter accountis-twitter-account...    Cached
In a major breakthrough, the alleged handler of the most influential pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account was arrested from an apartment here in the early hours today.
IS Twitter account handler Mehdi Masroor Biswas was in touch...
The Times of Indiamoments ago
Alleged pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account handler Mehdi Masroor Biswas was in touch with ISIS combatant stationed in Iraq, a top police official said.

Shiv Kumar Yadav Uberthreatening-a-dec-16-uber...    Cached
A day after he allegedly beat up and raped a 27-year-old woman who had hired his vehicle, police Sunday evening arrested Uber driver Shiv Kumar Yadav from a remote ...

Moving forward on insuranceUpdated: December 12, 2014 02:02 IST
Moving forward on insurance
parliament
The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, which aims to increase the flow of foreign investment into the capital-starved insurance industry, is now just a step away from getting into the statute books. The Bill was first introduced in Parliament way back in 2008 but failed to receive support from parties across the political spectrum, including from the BJP, which now heads the government. The Rajya Sabha select committee, which went into the provisions in detail and whose report was tabled in Parliament on Wednesday, has recommended a 49 per cent composite cap on foreign investment while retaining the condition that management and control of the company has to remain in Indian hands. With the Cabinet quickly adopting the amendments suggested by the select committee, the stage is now set for the Bill to be introduced in the Rajya Sabha where despite the Congress’s support the Bill is not likely to have easy passage. The Congress has hinted that it would like to delay the Bill at least until the Budget session in order to make the government ‘sweat’, as one party member has said. In effect, the party wants to do to the BJP what the latter did to the Congress on the same issue when it was leading the government.
Political games aside, the adoption of the Bill is expected to open the tap for the flow of foreign investments into the insurance industry as foreign players have been waiting for the increased limit. Backed by a higher level of ownership, foreign companies would also be willing to share technical expertise with their Indian partners. The 49 per cent cap will include both foreign direct investment (FDI) and foreign portfolio investment. Though this might disappoint those who would have liked the entire limit to be appropriated for FDI, the fact is that there are not too many companies that are profitable and mature to list on the stock markets. The scope for FII investment is therefore limited. As the committee has rightly observed, incremental foreign investment should ideally be used to increase the capital base rather than to buy out local promoters who might want to liquidate a part of their stake. Segments such as health insurance require sharp focus, and the market is also big given that the social security system is weak in the country. The committee has done well in not agreeing to lower the limit of paid-up capital from Rs.100 crore for health insurance players; a lower threshold would have made it easy for non-serious players to enter the sector. Expansion of the insurance industry is also important for the development of the infrastructure sector as the industry is typically a provider of funds for long-term investment. This augurs well for the BJP government’s focus on developing infrastructure.

House narrowly averts government shutdown  Senate up nextHouse passes $1.1 trillion spending bill, measure goes to Senate
Effort to save $1.1 trillion spending bill marks a rare moment of teamwork between Obama and Boehner
The House of Representatives averted a government shutdown on Thursday, narrowly passing a $1.1 trillion spending bill despite strenuous Democratic objections to controversial financial provisions.
The vote followed a long day of drama and discord on Capitol Hill that highlighted fraying Democratic unity and featured an uneasy alliance between President Barack Obama and House Speaker John Boehner, enemies in past budget battles but on the same side this time in pushing for passage.
John Boehner
Jonathan Ernst / Reuters
U.S. House Speaker John Boehner walks to his office after passage of a spending bill on the House floor at the U.S. Capitol on December 11, 2014.
U.S. House Speaker John Boehner walks to his office after passage of a spending bill on the House floor at the U.S. Capitol on December 11, 2014. (Jonathan Ernst / Reuters)
A vote on the measure was delayed for hours after Democrats revolted against provisions to roll back part of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law and allow more big money political donations, while conservative Republicans objected because the measure did not block funds for Obama's immigration order.
Democrats said Republican leaders, flexing their new political muscle after big wins in the midterm elections that will give them control of both chambers of Congress next year, had gone too far in trying to roll back Dodd-Frank.

Telangana tax authorities scan transactions at Amazon and Flipkart for complianceTelangana tax authorities scan transactions at Amazon and Flipkart for compliance
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Dec 12, 2014 08:48 PM IST
Telangana government's commercial taxes department has asked for product sale transaction details from e-commerce companies Amazon and Flipkart to verify if the orders placed with the dealers in the state by these firms were accounted for.
“Under the Value Added Tax (VAT) law, the transactions involving the dealers of Telangana irrespective of whether the product was delivered to a customer within the state or to someone outside, are taxable here. We want to see if such transactions, handled by the e-commerce companies, are being complied with our tax provisions,” V Anil Kumar, commissioner of the state commercial taxes department, told Business Standard.
The department, however, is not looking at the destination bound transactions involving dealers in other states for compliance issue, according to him. It was not yet known as to what proportion of these transactions involves local dealers and what proportion involves dealers from outside the state, he said.
The departmental teams had launched inspections and raids at courier service points and other facilities used by the e-commerce firms for product delivered about 20 days ago before the senior officials called the representatives of the two companies to furnish relevant transaction data.
B Revathi Rohini, additional commissioner (Enforcement) of the commercial taxes department, said they had verified over 150-odd large-size transactions of Flipkart involving 39 local dealers. About 30 dealers were found to have fully complied with the tax laws, according to her. The department has started the verification process with Flipkart as it mostly uses dealers for placing and delivering the orders of respective products.
This exercise coincided with a drop in tax collections in November leading to speculations that the e-commerce business had started denting the tax-base of the state. However, the authorities deny this claim. “It is another matter that we have started losing Rs 60 crore a month on account of a drop in petrol and diesel prices as these products contribute substantially to VAT collections,” V Nagi Reddy, principal finance secretary, said.
Explaining the ongoing verification of e-commerce transactions, Reddy said the revenue department was actually trying to grapple with the situation before the e-commerce turns into a major issue to deal with.
The perceived revenue loss on account of e-commerce business, according to revenue principal secretary B R Meena, would be at the level of a few crores of rupees as of now. He said they would know the full picture about tax compliance and the impact of e-commerce business once the ongoing verification was over.
According to the Nagi Reddy, the impact of e-commerce business needs to be understood in totality as many product parcels delivered on e-commerce platforms usually carry the TIN number of states like Karnataka, which means the tax was paid elsewhere instead of at the actual point of sale. “The revenue department is seized of the matter,” he said when asked if there was any proposal to enforce the tax laws on every e-commerce transaction.
“The purpose of the ongoing drive has been to seen if the transactions that are permitted to be taxed under the existing law are accounted for by the dealers and the e-commerce companies. We are not looking at the transactions involving the products delivered by the dealers from outside the state,” the commercial taxes commissioner said.
Revathi Rohini said the department was about to begin the verification of the data provided by Amazon and they would also be checking the transactions of e-commerce portal Snapdeal regarding tax compliance issues.

Energy Stocks Lead a Decline After Oil Price SinksThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

Vinod Khosla meets Andhra CM Naidu for tech initiativesVinod Khosla meets Andhra CM Naidu for tech initiatives
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Dec 12, 2014 08:47 PM IST
Amercian businessman and venture capitalist Vinod Khosla today met Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu for possible collaboration with the government on various technology initiatives.
Khosla's team and the state government are working on launching the service delivery application called eMunicipality and ePOS devices for fair price shops among other things in the state, according to a press release issued by the chief minister's office.
The chief minister and Khosla also discussed the possibility of face-to-face mentoring sessions at the AP's Startup Village an also guide the government in curriculum development for the leadership academy, proposed under the Startup Village initiative, it said.
During their meeting Khosla also suggested to the government to collaborate with California-based non-profit organisation CK-12 whose stated mission is to reduce the cost of, and inrease the access to, K-12 education, it added.

This Winter  You Can Get Tattooed At A Famous New York Museumreddit
Amanda Wachob is a fine arts graduate and a tattoo artist, a formidable pairing that explains why her inked designs are so unique. At first glance, the skin masterpieces look like watercolor images, dripping off of limbs in a wild array of colors. But, no, they are indeed permanent tattoos.
Permanent tattoos that have attracted the attention of a venerable arts institution -- New York's New Museum.
Wachob will be moving from parlor to gallery this winter, working with the New Museum Store on a project called "Skin Data." She'll be inking 12 lucky fans inside the shop on a first-come, first-served basis (reservations can be made simply by emailing store@newmuseum.com). All of the lucky tat recipients get to choose from 23 designs, listed in full on the New Museum's website . The exclusive sessions, a hefty $500 each, will take place from December 20 to January 17.
Not only will brave participants receive their very own Wachob skin original, they will take part in a collaborative investigation launched by the tattoo artist and a neuroscientist named Maxwell Bertolero. The two collaborators have been gathering information related to voltage and time, using Wachob's own tattoo equipment, and translating that data into visual representations. The video below gives a bit of a preview:
"Although technology plays a significant role in the making of a tattoo, it is often hidden or overlooked. Skin Data ventures into this invisible realm in order to give expression to tattoo technology's attendant processes and information," the project site explains. Using more technical jargon, the visual representations are a bit more complex:
The design's color, which is based on a spectral scale, is determined by the tattoo machine's voltage and plotted by 1:1 mapping, while the duration of the machine's pulse determines the length of the color band.
In essence, each of Wachob's 12 sessions will produce a "visual representation" -- or, a print -- which will be available at the New Museum Store, as a special edition of 20. This is merely one way Wachob blurs the line between fine art and tattooing, pushing innovation beyond the canvas.
"The most challenging thing has been to change the way people think of tattooing," Wachob explained in a previous interview with The Huffington Post. " There's so much that can be done on and off skin ."

No proposal to exclude tax payers  govt employees from TPDS'No proposal to exclude tax payers, govt employees from TPDS'
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Dec 12, 2014 07:54 PM IST
The government today informed Parliament that there was no proposal to exclude tax payers and government employees from the ambit of the Targeted Public Distribution System (TPDS).
"There is no proposal under consideration of the government to exclude tax payers and government employees from the purview of TPDS," Minister of State for Food Raosahed Patil Danve said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.
Under the National Food Security Act notified in September 2013, the state governments are required to evolve the criteria for identification of priority households and identify beneficiaries within the coverage set for each state for receiving subsidised foodgrains under the PDS, he said.
In a conference held in July this year on this issue, the Minister said that it was suggested to the state governments that "while identifying eligible households, they should ensure that scheduled caste and schedule tribe households are included, except those in government service, public sector undertakings or autonomous institutions or income tax payers."
The food law, which grants legal right over highly subsidised foodgrains to the country's two-third population, has been implemented by only 11 states and Union Territories so far, while the rest 25 states/UTs have not yet rolled out the scheme.
Recently, the Centre gave ultimatum to these 25 states/UTs to implement the law by April 5 else it will not allocate subsidised foodgrains for distribution to APL (above poverty line) families under the PDS.
The Centre also warned states, which have partially implemented the law, to put in place all necessary infrastructure including online data of beneficiaries by February else will withhold foodgrains allocation to those beneficiaries who are not in the online list.
The food law was to be implemented within a year after its passage in Parliament. The government has extended deadline for implementation of the law twice till April 4, 2015.
 

Russia mulling abolition of visas for Indians: MinisterDenis Manturov
(Russian authorities are…)
NEW DELHI: Russia today said it is mulling abolition of visas for Indian businessmen and tourists and a decision in this regard could come soon.
Russian authorities are discussing abolition of visas for Indian businessmen and tourists, Russia's Minister of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov said here a day after President Vladimir Putin's visit.
Abolition of visas mainly for entrepreneurs and also for tourists was discussed, he said after a meeting with the leadership of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( FICCI ) here.
It is discussed regularly in Russia, "The next step is abolition of visas for tourists and entrepreneurs. We constantly discuss it, and I think the process to settle it will not be long," Manturov told the Russian Itar-TASS news agency.
The minister did not comment on when visas would be abolished, saying it was under the jurisdiction of the Foreign Ministry and migration services.
Last month, India launched the much-awaited electronic visa facility for visitors from 43 countries, including Russia.
Now, a visitor from these countries will just have to apply for an e-visa on the designated website and pay the fee online to get an electronic travel authorisation ( ETA ) within 72 hours.
In a boost to their "special strategic partnership", Russia will build at least 12 nuclear reactors in India besides manufacturing advanced dual-use helicopters as the two countries signed 20 agreements in oil, gas, defence, investment and other key sectors yesterday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Putin, in their annual summit, also vowed to take the close ties to a "new level" as both sides outlined a new vision and expand manifold cooperation oil, gas, electric power production and nuclear energy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rs 5 trillion worth infra plans to be taken up in 5 years: Nitin GadkariBJP
(Projects worth Rs 1.8 trillion…)
MUMBAI: Infrastructure projects worth Rs 5 trillion can be taken up in the next five years, Union Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari today said as the NDA Government moves to tackle land and environment clearance issues that have stymied such ventures.
"Nearly Rs 2.8 trillion worth projects were stuck before I took charge. We must do a lot in the infrastructure sector. We believe projects worth Rs 5 trillion can be taken up in the next five years," he said at an event here.
Projects worth Rs 1.8 trillion have already kick- started after the BJP-led Government took charge in May-end, he said this evening.
The Minister said projects have been delayed due to various issues, including land acquisition, environment clearance and public protests, among others.
"There are various issues that needed to be addressed to ensure speedy approvals. Besides, each project has its own set of issues. We are now seeking information about each project and trying to address them individually."
Gadkari said the Government will take measures to ensure projects become cost effective so that they can be undertaken on PPP (public-private partnership) model.
"We need to make projects cost and quality effective. If measures can be taken to reduce the cost of construction and the States and the Centre give some relaxation on taxation at certain levels, projects can become viable and we can do them on PPP model. We want to do ports and water transport projects under the PPP model."
Development of inland water transport and ports will itself help increase GDP grow by an additional 2 per cent, he said, adding it will also generate employment.
During the previous Manmohan Singh administration as many as Rs 28 trillion worth infra plans were stuck due to policy inaction and land acquisition issues, among others.
In June 2013, the UPA Government set up a monitoring cell under PMO which cleared projects worth Rs 8 trillion. But banks still say there is no demand for project loans.
Gadkari said his Ministry's focus will be to give priority to water-ways followed by rail and roads. "Inland water transport is the cheapest and pollution-free among all the other means of transport. We want to encourage water transport system."
He hinted at forming a national waterways authority on the lines of the one existing for highways.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Police officer fired for not using forceBy Radley Balko December 12, 2014 Follow @radleybalko
Here at The Watch, we’ve looked extensively at how difficult it can be to fire cops who use excessive force, even when independent bodies have found that they’ve done so on multiple occasions. So what can get a cop fired? In the case of one campus police officer in California, it was his decision  to not use force on a possibly suicidal student.
According to local news reports, an unnamed officer with the California State University, Monterey Bay Police Department responded to a call in February about a troubled student at a university dormitory. Jeff Solomon, president of the Statewide University Police Association (SUPA), the union representing the officer, told The Huffington Post that the call came from a student’s father who was worried his son might hurt himself or attempt to commit suicide.
The  student was black , according to information the officer’s lawyer shared with the Monterey County Weekly.
The officer was working alone, so he called the municipal Marina Police Department for assistance in calming the student down, according to accounts given to local news outlets by both Solomon and Marina Police Chief Edmundo Rodriguez.
The situation escalated when the CSUMB officer stepped away to get the student a glass of water, Solomon told HuffPost. The student became agitated again, stood up and raised his voice, prompting the three Marina officers to restrain him on the bed and use two stun guns on him. They reportedly asked the CSUMB officer to use his stun gun to control the student’s legs, but Solomon says the officer refused, saying it was neither justified nor in the student’s best interests.
The complaint against the officer was filed by the Marina officer who came to assist. Rodriguez, the Marina chief, claims that the officer “froze,” putting the other officers at risk. Solomon, the union head, told the Huffington Post that the officer had a 20-year history with no disciplinary actions. He also questioned why three officers would need stun guns to restrain a 150-pound student. The student’s father, the one who initially called the police, has also defended the officer for not Tasing his son.
In a statement in a SUPA press release, the student’s father, who also remained unnamed, expressed gratitude for the CSUMB officer’s actions.
“It defies logic and is extremely disappointing that, at a time when law enforcement is under fire for using more force than necessary , an officer is being terminated for attempting to use civilized methods to resolve a situation.”
Given that the original complaint was that the student was potential suicidal, you also have to wonder why the response ultimately included four police officers but no mental health professionals. Local coverage from the Monterey Herald here .
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Rajan sings different tune  pitches for  Make for IndiaRajan sings a different tune, pitches for 'Make for India'
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:25 AM IST
As the Narendra Modi government goes on an overdrive in its  ‘Make  in India’ campaign, there is a word of advice from  Reserve Bank  of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan.
Amid the slowing of the world economy, Rajan on Friday cautioned the government against too much focus on merchandise export-led growth through this campaign and advised to supplement it with ‘Make for India’.
However, since domestic demand tends to get overstimulated, the government will have to frame suitable fiscal policies and RBI itself will have to ensure inflation remains  low, Rajan said in his Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture here.
He  said the path  of  disinflation may not be as  steep in India as in industrialised nations and disclosed that  RBI  will  talk to the government on the timeline beyond 2016 to keep inflation at four per cent, plus-minus two per cent.  
To finance domestic demand responsibly, he advised that it be financed primarily through internal  sources and suggested some more budgetary benefits  for savings in this regard.
The finance ministry has already started preparing for the Budget for 2016-17.
“The world is unlikely to be able to accommodate another export-led China,” Rajan said in his address, organised by industry body Ficci, in New Delhi on Friday.
Clarifying he was not suggesting pessimism for exports, he said, “I am counselling against an export-led strategy that involves subsidising exporters with cheap inputs, as well as an undervalued exchange rate, simply because it is unlikely to be very effective at this juncture.”
Rajan, formerl chief economic advisor in the finance ministry, said India would have to compete with China, which still has some surplus agricultural labour to draw on, when it decided to push manufacturing exports. “Export-led growth will not be as easy as it was for the Asian economies that took that path before us.”
Besides, industrial countries had themselves been improving capital-intensive flexible manufacturing, so much so that some manufacturing activity was being “re-shored”, he said. “Any emerging market wanting to export manufacturing goods will have to contend with this new phenomenon.”
If external demand growth is likely to be muted, India has to produce for the internal market. “This means we have to work on creating the strongest sustainable unified market we can which requires a reduction in transaction costs of buying and selling across the country,” the governor said.
Improvements in the physical transportation network would help but so would fewer, but more efficient and competitive intermediaries in the supply chain from the producer to consumer, he said.
At a time when the Centre is struggling to evolve a consensus with states on the issue of a national goods & services tax (GST), Rajan said: “A well designed GST Bill, by reducing state border taxes, will have the important consequence of creating a truly national market for goods and services, which will be critical for our growth in years to come.”
He also said the government would have to frame suitable fiscal policies and RBI itself would have to ensure inflation remained low, since domestic demand tends to get overstimulated.
He further pointed out that the path of disinflation might not be as steep in India as in developed nations and the glide path as advocated by the Urjit Patel committee suited the country.
He said RBI would consult the government on the timeline beyond 2016 to keep inflation at 4% (plus or minus 2%), and suggested domestic demand had to be financed responsibly, as far as possible through domestic savings.
“Our banking system is undergoing some stress. Our banks have to learn from past mistakes in project evaluation and structuring, as they finance the immense needs of the economy,” he advised. They (banks) would also have to improve their efficiency as they compete with new players like the recently licensed universal banks, as well as the soon-to-be licensed payment and small finance banks.
“At the same time, we should not make their task harder by creating impediments in the process of turning around, or recovering, stressed assets. RBI, the government, as well as courts have considerable work to do here,” Rajan said, pitching for financial inclusion and some Budget sops to boost savings.
“The income tax benefits for an individual to save were largely fixed in nominal terms until the recent Budget; this means the real value of the benefits has eroded. Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure the country’s investment is largely financed from domestic savings,” he said.
Rajan said it was worth debating whether India needed more institutions to ensure deficits stayed within control and the quality of Budgets remained high.
“A number of countries have independent Budget offices and committees that opine on Budgets. These offices are especially important in scoring budgetary estimates, including unfunded long-term liabilities that industrial countries have shown are so easy to contract in times of growth, and hard to actually deliver.”
In addition to inflation, he said, a central bank had to pay attention to financial stability. This was a secondary objective but might become central if the economy entered a low-inflation credit and asset-price boom. “Financial stability sometimes means regulators, including the central bank, have to go against popular sentiment.”
The role of regulators was not to boost the Sensex but to ensure the underlying fundamentals of the economy and its financial system were sound enough for sustainable growth, he said. “Any positive consequences to the Sensex are welcome but are only a collateral benefit, not the objective.”
While emphasising on policies to attract foreign direct investment to fund the country’s current account deficit, Rajan said policies should not compromise India’s interests.
In this regard, Rajan said, the requirements to patent a medicine in India were perfectly reasonable, no matter what  international drug companies said. He also said policies should not focus only on FDI but promote young entrepreneurs, arguing “if we make it easier for young Indian companies to do business, we will also make it easier for foreign companies to invest, for both are outsiders to the system”.
This meant a transparent and quick legal process to deal with contractual disputes, and a proper system of bankruptcy to deal with distress — both issues the government had taken on, he said.
Noting that India did not belong to any power bloc, Rajan advised it, besides other emerging countries, to not only ensure quota reforms in the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank but inject new agenda, new ideas and new thinking into the global arena. “No longer will it suffice for India to simply object to industrial countries’ proposals; it will have to put some of its own on the table.”

Hedge fund boss denies misleading investorsUK hedge fund founder Magnus Peterson denies misleading investors
Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39c0d22a-8223-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Retail inflation falls  but so does factory outputRetail inflation falls  but so does factory output
VivaAerobus to Start Service from Mexico to Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport in March of 2015VivaAerobus to Start Service from Mexico to Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport in March of 2015
Hiking FDI cap would bring another wave of growth in the insurance industryHiking FDI cap would bring another wave of growth in the insurance industry
Adarsh scam: Ex-Maharashtra chief minister Nilangekar withdraws petition in Bombay High CourtAdarsh scam: Ex-Maharashtra chief minister Nilangekar withdraws petition in Bombay High Court
COAL BLOCK ALLOCATION CASE: Madhu Koda among 7chargesheetedBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:43 am
The CBI filed a chargesheet on Thursday against former Jharkhand chief minister Madhu Koda, former Union coal secretary Harish Chandra Gupta and five others, including three public servants, in connection with the allocation of the Rajhara North coal block in Jharkhand in 2008 to Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Limited.
The special court had on September 4 returned the final report filed by the CBI in the case, observing that the agency had failed to give any plausible explanation to its queries and that there was no legally admissible logic or reasoning in the final report.
The CBI has also filed chargesheets in two other coal block allocation cases, as well as a closure report in a fourth case.
Besides Koda and Gupta, the Rajhara North coal block chargesheet has been filed against Vini Iron and Steel, former Jharkhand chief secretary Ashok Kumar Basu, the then director (mines) in Jharkhand Bipin Bihari Singh, the then section officer in the Jharkhand department of mines Basant Kumar Bhattacharya, the promoter of Vini Iron and Steel Vaibhav Tulsiyan and an individual named Vijay Joshi.
They have been charged with criminal conspiracy and cheating under the IPC, with sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act also applied for abuse of official position.
The CBI had filed an FIR in the case on September 3, 2012. “The allegations against former Jharkhand CM Madhu Koda pertain to abuse of official position and recommending an ineligible company for coal block allocation,” said a CBI official.
A screening committee in Jharkhand had vetted applications from 210 companies and selected 10 for coal block allocations. According to a CAG report of the Jharkhand revenue sector, when recommendation of the screening committee was sent in June 2007 to Koda, who was then CM, he modified and altered the names and made final recommendations to the Centre without providing any reasons.

Inmates of juvenile home beat constable to death inMeerutWritten by Amit Sharma | Meerut |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:42 am
Inmates of a juvenile home on Thursday night beat a constable to death and injured five others, including an inspector, near Sarajkund park here after the officers allegedly snubbed their request for cigarettes, police said.
“A case of murder and physical assault has been registered against 25 inmates of the juvenile home. Security will be reviewed and action will be taken to ensure that such incidents do not recur,” DIG Ramit Sharma said.
District Magistrate Pankaj Yadav ordered a magisterial inquiry into the incident Friday evening.
According to the police, 15 inmates were being taken to the home after a court appearance on Thursday when they allegedly demanded cigarettes from the accompanying police team. After they were snubbed, they allegedly called for help and attacked the officers with bricks and cricket bats.
The minors managed to overpower constable Om Prakash and beat him to death, police said. No arrests have been made so far.
The body of the constable was sent to his parents’ house in Bulandshahr district. The officer is survived by his wife and five children.

Delhi confidential: GuestappearanceBy: Express News Service |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:40 am
At a media event on Friday, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar was stumped by a member of the audience — former Samajwadi Party leader Amar Singh. When Singh, who stayed mum for a long time, finally asked a question, Parrikar replied: “I recognised you, but you kept quiet for so long that I started doubting it.” As the audience burst out laughing, Singh said, “I don’t know whether I should take it as a compliment.” Later, when he “warned” Parrikar that the murky defence industry is as good as entering a “room full of smoke”, the minister responded saying, “I would walk into the room and take a shower later.”
Power yoga
Within days of Prime Minister Narendra Modi urging the world to dedicate a day to yoga, the Permanent Mission of India in New York launched a massive diplomatic blitzkrieg. Led by India’s Permanent Representative Asoke Mukherji, the mission held three rounds of consultations with the missions from countries across the world and 177 co-sponsors came on board within 90 days. However, Pakistan refused to be a co-sponsor, although they supported the resolution.
Changing loyalties
The elections for the Rubber Board member from the Rajya Sabha has defied the equations in the Upper House. In the elections held on Thursday, Joy Abraham, MP from Kerala Congress (M), a constituent of the UPA, lost to CPM’s K N Balagopal by 19 votes. The UPA has 75 votes in the House, but Abraham got only 48. The CPM MP managed to get 67 votes, which includes some from the BJP as well. Although both members had claimed that the Congress promised to support them, the party, at the last minute, sent a message to all its members to vote for Balagopal.
Aadhaar fan
During Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s meeting with chief ministers last Sunday, the PM’s focus on UPA’s ambitious Aadhaar project came to the fore. The PMO had instructed the Unique Identification Authority of India to prepare a catalogue summarising the entire Aadhaar project and its benefits, to be distributed to the CMs who attended the meeting. The UIDAI, which had barely four-five days to do so, brought out a handy brochure and gave it to the CMs. It is now sending out the same brochures to other relevant officials in states.
Nobel bash
As Kailash Satyarthi received Nobel Peace prize in Oslo, the Norwegian mission in New Delhi celebrated the honour in grand style this week. During a feast organised by the mission, the Capital’s elite mingled with children and staff from Satyarthi’s organisation, Bachpan Bachao Andolan, and many of his supporters from the civil society. A video of the NGO’s anthem, written by Satyarthi and sung by Jasbir Jassi, was also played at the event, which was also attended by Union minister of Mines and Steel Narendra Singh.

RBI Governor  Finance Minister Discuss Economic SituationRBI Governor  Finance Minister Discuss Economic Situation
Coal India Unions to Meet on December 15 Over Mines BillCoal India Unions to Meet on December 15 Over Mines Bill
With $60 for oil  here s what it means for IndiaWith $60 for oil  here s what it means for India
UPDATE 1-U.S. oil drillers cut rigs  scaling back in Permian - Baker HughesUPDATE 1-U.S. oil drillers cut rigs  scaling back in Permian - Baker Hughes
Free-falling oil intensifies pain for U.S. inflation bondsFree-falling oil intensifies pain for U.S. inflation bonds
Retail inflation at new low as food  vegetables turn cheaperHi Guest
Retail inflation at new low as food, vegetables turn cheaper
Cheaper food items helped retail inflation drop to a fresh low of 4.38 per cent in November - the fifth consecutive month of decline - a development that can strengthen the case for interest rate cut by the RBI. This is the lowest level of Consumer Price Index (CPI) based inflation since the government started computing the new series of data in January 2012. It stood at 5.52 per cent in October 2014, while same was over double the current level at 11.16 per cent in November 2013. The food ...

Rapist driver s first victims were from his villageEYE BROWSE
Rapist driver's first victims were from village
While villagers are happy to hear the news of his arrest, most are scared to talk about him. Seemingly, Shiv Kumar Yadav remains a terror to his fellow villagers.
Mail Today –  Thu 11 Dec, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: There is an uneasy calm in this tiny dot of a village, which until last week had a slim chance of becoming a dateline in the national dailies.
Now, under the harsh glare of the media spotlight, Mainpuri, rape suspect Shiv Kumar Yadav’s native village, is readying for some uncomfortable questions it had chosen not to answer all these years.
“Sach baat batayein to yeh hai ki agar aaj hum kuch bolenge to humko yeh darr hai ki wo kal ko bahar aake humare hi peeche pad jayega (To tell you the truth we are worried that if we say anything now, he will come out and get after us),” said Kamla Devi, Yadav’s next-door neighbour in Ramnagar village.
While villagers are happy to hear the news of his arrest, most are scared to talk about him. Seemingly, Shiv Kumar Yadav remains a terror to his fellow villagers.
However, over the last few days, ever since Yadav was arrested for allegedly raping a female passenger in Delhi, some have gathered the courage to talk about his past.
Yadav is the son of a retired primary school teacher and hails from a family of rich farmers. He exercised considerable clout in the area and people allegedly refused to make complaints against him, fearing a backlash.
However, since the news of his arrest spread, the womenfolk in the village have made several appalling claims about his misdeeds.
When the Mail Today team took a tour of his village, the neighbouring village and his school, no one admitted to knowing Yadav well, or even being friends with him.
"Such people cannot have friends. He thought he could get away with anything,’’ says Sita Devi (name changed), a 30-year-old, who claims Yadav raped her when he visited the village in 2013.
"It was in August last year that Yadav cornered me when I had gone out of the house at night. He had a country-made pistol in his hand and forcefully dragged me into the fields and raped me," the woman said.
"I did not know him then. It was later that I was told he is Shiv Kumar Yadav who was a known criminal in the locality," she added.
Criminal past
Sita Devi, who lives in a neighbouring village, added: “The police was bribed so that he could go scot free. Even my medical examination was done a day after I lodged a complaint. He managed to convince the cops to book him under frivolous sections. He even hired our lawyer and paid him Rs 30,000 to get him out on bail after his arrest."
Today, Sita Devi hopes she will get justice.
"I had gone to the mahila thana twice and recorded my statement. But no action has been taken so far. We are so poor that we could not raise our voice. He has been living his life happily so far in Mathura while I have been living with shame and humiliation every day," she said.
Lalita (name changed), a Class IX student, who initially hesitated to speak to us, said later that she was once molested by Yadav when she was walking back home one evening.
"Whenever he (Yadav) would visit the village, girls were asked to stay at home. We were not even allowed go out to play during his stay. Such was his reputation," she said.
"Women in the village dreaded him. Every time he visited his family, we would step out only with male members. We lived in fear when he was here. He should be hanged," said Jyoti, another neighbour.
Yadav’s mother Ganga Shri, meanwhile, is a picture of distress.
"In high school, he studied science. His father wanted him to be an engineer. He was good in studies. I don't know how he could commit such a crime. The villagers are treating us like criminals. We have nowhere to go now,” she said between sobs.
Walking to the fields with her other son, who is mentally challenged, for her day's work, Ganga Shri said Yadav always had a passion for driving. First it was bikes, and then he took to driving cars.
"He is educated, has a good job and comes from a good family. I can't believe what he has done," she said.
Recommend

Air India set to lease out 12 floors of Nariman Point buildingRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
In a move that could help loss-making Air India (AI) improve cash flows, the state-owned airline is close to finalising lease agreements for 12 floors at the Air India building at Mumbai’s tony Nariman Point to the government’s income-tax and service tax departments. If the latest phase of asset monetisation is concluded, most of the sea-facing prime property would have been leased out, a top AI official told FE.
“We expect this deal to be concluded soon as lease rentals in south Mumbai have softened and are now closer to what the government departments expect. However, we will not offer any discounts below the market rate. The IT department is looking for eight floors and the service tax department wants four,” the airline official based out of the New Delhi head office said.
South Mumbai’s AI building, which till early 2013 used to house the corporate headquarters for the flag carrier, currently has State Bank of India and Tata Consultancy Services as tenants with five of the 23 floors between them. AI has retained the top two floors, while a part of the ground floor has been leased by the newly formed Bharatiya Mahila Bank.
Though AI has been facing major difficulties in monetising land assets as required under its 2012 turnaround plan (TAP), what helps in this case is that lease rentals have dropped by as much as 37% since 2012-13. From Rs 350 per sq feet per month, rents in the last six months for Nariman Point Grade A buildings, are down to Rs 220-225 per square feet per month, a report released in October 2014 by real estate consultant CBRE South Asia Private said.
During 2012-13, the AI board had estimated that it can earn about Rs 36-40 crore annually by letting out 15 floors in this building where each floor is about 10,000 sq ft divided into two – sea view and non-sea view.
AI officials said that the Directorate General of Shipping (DGS) had also shown initial interest in leasing floors at the AI building in 2012-13. However, this didn’t go ahead as the Air India board struck to its asking price of Rs 350 per sq feet, which DGS was unwilling to pay. While the DGS had offered between Rs 280 and Rs 290 per sq ft per month as rental, the income-tax and service tax departments offered to pay rents of Rs 300 a sqft a month.
At a time when outstanding debt is over Rs 40,000 crore and accumulated losses stand at about Rs 30,000 crore, land monetisation can give a major fillip to AI’s TAP.  As per the original targets, the airline is required to rent, sell or re-develop its properties across the country to gather revenues of Rs 5,000 crore in the next 10 years. This includes 106 properties across India, as well three in Tokyo and London. AI also has land parcels in Hong Kong, Nairobi, Mauritius, Mumbai, New Delhi, Gurgaon, Chennai, Kolkata and Coimbatore, most of which are yet to be sold or leased.
Ravindra Dholakia, independent member on AI’s board, told FE on the sidelines of an event last month that the airline is unable to sell its properties because in several cases it hasn’t been able to establish ownership and, as a result, could only lease these properties and not sell them.
“We, being a public sector unit, can’t take commercial decisions by ourselves and require at least three levels of approvals from different levels, including the government. The best we can do is to hook on to some other public sector enterprises  – that are making profit – and are in need for such kind of premises. We have no other options,” Dholakia said.
In the case of the airline’s iconic property at Nariman Point, which served as its headquarters until recently, Dholakia said that by the time the airline decided to sell the property, the real estate price of the area had already taken a beating as companies started moving to Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) from the financial hub of Nariman Point.
Incidentally, last week AI signed an MoU with National Buildings Construction Corporation (NBCC) under which each land asset will be individually evaluated for a particular mode of monetisation process.
Post Comments
More from companies

Grundfos focusing on solar pump solutions in IndiaRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
After creating a space for itself in the domestic pump market over 15 years, Grundfos India — the local unit of Denmark-based water pump manufacturer Grundfos — is looking to benefit from the NDA government’s focus on infrastructure development while maintaining its global trail of robust CSR practices.
The Chennai-based company that has laid down plans to double its revenue in India to $100 million over the next five years recently announced a project, along with the Grundfos Foundation and Sunlit future, to bring clean water to 100 villages across India.
The first phase of the project that is to be co-sponsored by the Grundfos Foundation aims to cover 28 villages across states like Odisha, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh. The Grudnfos Ffoundation is the trust created by founder Poul Due Jensen in 1975 and holds close to 88% of ownership in the Danish company.
Grundfos regards solar energy and access to clean drinking water in India as both a challenge and an opportunity for its India business. The local unit has sold close to 9,000 solar pumps and has already set up solar solutions in Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar and Chhattisgarh.
It estimates the sales of its solar pumps to stand at 6,000 pumps in 2014 and with an expected sales growth of 20-25% for 2015, the category is considered the fastest growing business segment.
Although India is predominantly an industrial pump market for the company as it accounts for more than half of the sales, the water utility segment is also a focus area given that currently on average only 7% of India’s sewage systems is being treated currently. Grundfos wants to tap opportunities around government’s plans to develop 100 smart cities and have already started providing some products for the DMIC project in Gujarat.
As part of its growth strategy , the Indian subsidiary of the Danish company may see investment of close to 40-50 million euros in the coming years also as it plans to set up a new plant near Pune. Currently, the company which clocks in annual revenue of close to Rs 360 crore .
Besides a production unit at Thoraipakkam, Chennai, Grundfos also has SEZ facility about 70 km from the plant that is used for exporting some components to Europe and assembled products to its sister companies in Africa. Indian operations also take responsibility of selling to adjacent markets like Bangladesh, Bhutan and Maldives.
(The writer was in Bjerringbro at the invitation of Grundfos)
Post Comments
More from companies

India in top half in terms of corporate governance  but enforcement an issueRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Philip Armstrong, senior advisor, corporate governance at International Finance Corporation (IFC), feels corporate governance in India is steadily improving. In a chat with Nitin Shrivastava, he says that though regulations in India are among the best globally, what is lacking is enforcement and that corporates should follow corporate governance practices not just in letter, but also in spirit. Excerpts:
IFC continues to assess multiple potential investments at any point of time. How important are the environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors in making the final call on investing in a particular firm?
Once we have gone through the investment process, every transaction IFC undertakes has to go through the E&S process — environmental and social responsibility. We look for factors like whether the company or business creates jobs and transforms society while having financially and fundamentally sound prospects and management. On the corporate governance side, we don’t look at every single company; what we do is try to look at high-value transactions or where there is a high appearance of risk in the business. At the same time, we do not use ESG assessment to negatively screen companies for investment, but seek to identify the risks and, accordingly, plan how we should go about improving the company’s value.
How do you rate India in terms of corporate governance?
In terms of laws and regulations, India is definitely in the top half; the weakness lies in the enforcement. It takes a long time to take action against any corporate misdemeanour. For example, the recent prosecution of Satyam was probably by Indian standards quite quick, but it takes you a long time to take action against some significant corporate misdemeanour. To me, the real issue is that no matter how updated the laws might be, they should be consistently and effectively enforced in a timely manner because that develops a culture of compliance in the companies so that they know that the laws are not to be negotiated, that the laws are meant to be enforced. However, recently it’s being noticed that Sebi has certainly improved its enforcement capacity. That has sent a very strong signal in the markets, domestically and outside. To summarise, in terms of corporate governance, India is definitely in the top half, but regularising laws and enforcement is an issue.
Which are the sectors or sort of companies that IFC finds it difficult to invest?
As an organisation, we normally do not invest in state-owned companies or businesses that have political linkages or affluence. Similarly, the tourism industry is very difficult to invest in, not that we don’t invest here. This sector is difficult to regulate and supervise. It tends to embrace a much more complex set of circumstances. There are issues around the culture, environment, etc. It’s a difficult area to engage in. We feel there is strength in the banking sector. We are very active in the oil and gas and the mining sector. We are helping a lot of large mining MNCs, helping them in supply chain, services, etc.
India continues to remain IFC’s largest portfolio exposure at nearly $5 billion. What are the main issues you see with regards to corporate governance in India?
The boards needs to be carefully chosen; professionalism and independence are required. The selection of independent directors should not be just a box-ticking exercise to meet regulatory norms; it needs to be value-accretive, and independent directors should provide real strategic guidance based on their professional expertise. Also, gender diversity needs to be there, as it adds another measure of thinking and skill-set in decision-making. The second thing is related-party transactions. Indian companies need to take an independent consideration of such transactions, it is an area of great risk. The third issue, I would say, is a lack of focus on environmental and social responsibility with respect to committing time and efforts for uplifting community.  The final problem in my opinion is the role of institutions in India in scrutinising the work of the auditing profession and corporate governance.
Post Comments
More from companies

Tata Chemicals bets big on non-commodity businessRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Tata Chemicals is betting big on the non-commodity business, comprising branded products, nutraceuticals and others. The company feels sales from the non-commodity business will touch 50% of its overall turnover in the next seven years with the introduction of a number of food items (branded products) and nutraceutical ingredients (food additives).
After branded salt, pulses (dal) under iSakthi brand, the company entered masalas (chillies, turmeric and coriander (CTC)) range with a launch in Punjab recently. This masala range would be introduced in other states according to state specifics (taste requirements), said R Mukundan, managing director, Tata Chemicals.
Post Comments
More from companies

A flawed background check systemUpdated: December 13, 2014 00:54 IST
A flawed background check system
R. K. Raghavan
Tweet
The Hindu
FINE PRINT: “If Uber had given an undertaking that the background of each of its drivers would be vetted, it is liable; otherwise it is not.” Picture shows the offender Shiv Kumar Yadav being produced at a court in New Delhi. Photo: Shiv Kumar Pushpakar
TOPICS
crime, law and justice
India does not have a single national database of crimes and criminals that would have exposed the Uber cab driver’s record
Following the unfortunate Uber taxi episode in the national capital, there is again an animated debate whether the justice system in India is doing its part in ensuring the safety of women. Sweeping remarks have been made on the state of law and order in Delhi, a megapolis which has a positively bad reputation in matters of crime. However, what is good is that the media has spoken out in unison after the incident against Uber’s inability to conduct a background check against the offender— this is one ground to believe that those in public service cannot afford to be indifferent or inactive and will have to scrutinise their performance closely.
The incident has exposed the many chinks in the armour of the administration. The most shocking information is perhaps the fact that Shiv Kumar Yadav, the 32-year-old offending cab driver, has a criminal past. In 2003, he was arrested in Uttar Pradesh for attempted molestation. He was again arrested in 2006 for carrying illegal weapons. He was also charged with arson and booked under the Goondas Act. And in 2011 and 2013, he was involved in two separate cases of rape and robbery. This is the record of a serial criminal whom Uber brought under its flimsy arrangement of contract drivers. It looks as if no serious background check was done on Yadav before he was allowed to ply his vehicle under the Uber tag. One document that is in circulation is a certificate supposedly issued to Yadav by the Delhi transport department, the authenticity of which the latter has questioned.
Certificates for a bribe
A case has been registered against Uber and the legal validity of this will be known if and when Uber is taken to court. It is not known what obligation rested with the company in terms of verifying the character of each of the drivers it employed. If it had given an undertaking that the background of each of its drivers would be vetted, then it is liable; otherwise it would not. In any case we need one comprehensive administrative probe and report to bring out all the facts on Yadav’s past. This would enlighten the public on the system’s shortcomings and would help examine how they can be remedied.
Uber has, no doubt, been grossly negligent in providing security. According to media reports, the cab did not have a GPS that would have helped in tracking the vehicle’s movements. We are also still unclear about what background checks were done on Yadav before he was hired.
Readers must know that the background checks, as they are done in India, have two broad features. First, the prospective employer approaches the police to obtain information on the potential employee’s history. Some States and Police Commissionerates have a system whereby they agree to do a record search and give all the available information for a fee. However, many others do not entertain private requests saying they simply do not have the time for it. It is this unhelpful stance of many police forces that breeds corruption and distortion. It is unfortunately true that a job applicant can get a certificate with half-truths or wrong information if he or she is willing to grease the palms of police staff. There are instances of policemen, who are not associated with either the clearance process or with day-to-day policing, issuing character certificates, without any checks, to an applicant for a price.
There are also several specialised agencies which are hired by major private corporations to get background checks done on job applicants. These agencies confront many stumbling blocks in the form of bureaucratic indifference and hostility. Ultimately in most cases they manage to get only half-baked police reports which they pass on to those hiring them because they have no other option. Each of these reports costs about Rs. 3000. In such a scenario, Uber may not even have got all the dope on Yadav, even if it had sought this information. The fact is that we are saddled with a corrupt administration bolstered by a corrupt society, which is far too willing to pay speed money to anyone in authority. It is against this setting that the recent Delhi incident and the processes that govern radio taxi services have to be viewed.
Unlike many other countries in the West, India does not have a single national database of crimes and criminals that would have exposed Yadav. The much-touted Crime and Criminal Tracking Network and System, which would have served the purpose, has remained a dream. The Rs. 2000 crore project has managed to cover only a few States; the majority of States are still outside its ambit.
Mechanisms to track criminals
The Central government should ask someone who is an independent authority and who is of repute to have a quick look at this and impose a deadline by which we can have a dependable database that can be quickly accessed online. Actually the ideal situation would be for the National Crime Records Bureau and the State Crime Rerecords Bureaus to upgrade their capacity quickly, for issuing clearance certificates to individuals for a prescribed fee. A national register of sex offenders also needs to be built immediately and maintained by the NCRB to serve as a reference point for all employers, both private and government. This is important to set up a mechanism to track down dangerous criminals.
It must also be remembered that sexual assaults on women cannot be totally eliminated. They can only be reduced in terms of numbers, that too with a more alert and conscientious law enforcement agency. Building deterrence with more stringent laws can help only a little. What is also required is a calculated denial of opportunities to predators, both in public places and in homes, where, incidentally, a large number of sexual assaults by close friends or relatives go unpunished.
It is unfortunate that some women’s organisations resent helpful suggestions from well meaning civil servants on how women should adopt a few safety precautions to avoid being assaulted. The charge often made by most of the activists is that the administration is attempting to curtail women’s freedom by giving patronising advice. Nothing can be farther from the truth. The whole dialogue between women and the police could break down if such a mindset dominates any healthy exchange of views. This is why we plead for moderation and a spirit of understanding, which could help in tackling a problem of this magnitude.
(R.K. Raghavan is a former Director of the CBI and D. Sivanandhan is a former DGP of Maharashtra.)

Venture Capital Takes a Step in the Right Direction on Diversityreddit
The National Venture Capital Association (NVCA) announced Monday the formation of a task force to help its members increase opportunities for women and minorities. On the surface, this looks like just another news release by an industry under fire; but I think there is much more to it. The NVCA is providing true leadership and challenging its members to clean up their act.
I have long been critical of the venture-capital community for encouraging frat-boy behavior and tolerating the exclusionary hiring practices of companies that they have invested in. I have called out the CEOs of prominent venture-backed companies such as Twitter and Dropbox and said that a skill that VCs commonly tout, "pattern recognition," is a code name for sexism and racism.
So when I received an invitation, in May 2014, to speak on the main stage at NVCA's marquee conference, Venturescape, and to be part of a discussion group on sexism in venture capital, I was dubious. I asked Venky Ganesan, who was the chair of this event and who had invited me, whether I was walking into some kind of an ambush. I joked on Twitter that I felt like a hen going into the foxhouse.
I was surprised when, after I criticized their system for being male dominated and demanded that it be changed, the audience of 700 VCs cheered. They didn't deny the problem or attack me for speaking up, as a few prominent VCs have done in the past. NVCA chief executive Bobby Franklin said improving diversity in gender and race was a personal mission for him because it would improve the innovation, productivity, and performance of the companies that the venture community invested in -- and better the overall economy. He agreed that VC firms should be proactive in correcting their gender imbalance and disclosing diversity data, and promised to work towards making this happen.
So the intentions seem to be good. But the challenges are greater than the NVCA imagines they are. The 2011 survey that they cite, which was conducted by Dow Jones VentureSource, reported that 89 percent of venture capital investors were male and 11 percent were female, and that, of these, 2 percent were African American or Latino. These self-reported data are inaccurate.
A study by Babson College found that in U.S. venture-capital firms the proportion of women partners was only 6 percent in 2014 -- having fallen from 10 percent in 1999. An analysis by Dan Primack, of Fortunemagazine, of the top 92 venture-capital firms revealed that, of the 542 partner-level VCs in these firms, only 23, or a paltry 4.2 percent, are female. VCs tend to fund people who are like them -- typically, nerdy males. This entrenches discrimination against women and minorities. The Babson research revealed that only 2.7 percent of the 6,517 companies that had received venture funding from 2011 to 2013 had women CEOs. The proportions of black and Hispanic CEOs were surely much lower.
VC firms simply won't release data on the diversity of the leaders of companies they invest in. For many years, technology companies too refused to release their data because they knew it would cause them public embarrassment. But, one after another, led by Google, they started releasing the data. Though not nearly as bad as the VCs' numbers, the numbers were low. But the revelations have led the tech companies' CEOs to recognize the problems and commit their companies to addressing the issues that have led to excluding women and minorities. They have acknowledged that it was harming their companies' competitiveness and performance. The venture-capital system needs to do the same now.
The majority of venture funds have produced lower returns than the public markets have and thus have shortchanged the individuals, the state pension funds, endowments, and foundations investing in them. In doing the right thing and addressing diversity, the NVCA is ensuring its own survival. And, as Menlo Ventures partner Venky Ganesan said to me, it is about making a difference. He wants to make sure that his three daughters see a venture-capital system different from the one he has been a part of.
Vivek Wadhwa is a fellow at Rock Center for Corporate Governance at Stanford University, director of research at Center for Entrepreneurship and Research Commercialization at Duke, and distinguished fellow at Singularity University. His past appointments include Harvard Law School, University of California Berkeley, and Emory University.
Follow Vivek Wadhwa on Twitter: www.twitter.com/wadhwa
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

3 Tips to Work Smarter When Your Disconnectedreddit
How many books have most of us read on leadership, performance, or marketing, for business?
What about psychological books, or perhaps, we've even drifted off into the area of new age Law of Attraction books?
We are always in search of the answer.
Many of us have given time to analyzing ourselves, our habits, our environment and opportunities to try and find the 'HIDDEN KEY' as to why we often feel as though we are failing, falling behind or are in some way not on top of our game.
This feeling we carry may not be apparent to others, though it is at the basis of how people disconnect from us as a leader.
Many of us do not want to feel uncomfortable feelings, we believe we should always feel good. For some of us we continue pursuing one thing after another, in hopes that we will finally feel fulfilled, satisfied or valued. Instead, we often feel judged. The biggest judge, of course, is the one within.
At work, the judge berates, devalues and criticizes every mistake, decision or conversation; it undermines confidence and trust in the self to be successful.
Some of us think we must ignore or deny these uncomfortable feelings, especially when we are trying to get the work done--we feel if those feelings are unleashed, we might as well crawl under our desk for the day. In reality, judging or stopping our feelings by dismissing what we feel, makes us feel worse.
To understand what triggers the disconnect, especially on the job, as a leader, would actually bring not only relief, but an ability to manage our emotions successfully. And if we can manage our emotions successfully, we learn how to manage others too.
If we start questioning our inner judge, which tries to monitor what we feel by stuffing bad feelings aside rather than allowing them, we start to experience freedom. The questioning of the judge, means we find the truth. We learn what is really 'lacking' is only our perception. The belief system we have of ourselves and the world around us, is changeable.
Change begins when we check into our thoughts throughout the day and challenge the ones, which are linked to a negative belief.
How often do we beat ourselves up? It is a clue as to what drives us and how we show up to other people. If we think negative thoughts, we let other people know through our own words and actions. As a leader it is detrimental to receiving their loyalty, collaboration and respect. We set ourselves apart from our true goals and gaining a team mentality when we are without the awareness, in which we're acting from internal judgments that are not being managed.
The judge living within us makes our lives more difficult. So, how to simplify?
1. Dare to connect to your emotions during the day. Know how you feel. Better yet, understand what is causing a feeling. Once you do, it will not be driving you unconsciously.
2. Whatever you resist persists. Don't avoid or deny negative emotions, again have awareness that you feel a certain way and then ask the question, "Is this feeling have validity for what is going on in this exact moment?" Most of the time it does not, and when it does, get to the WHY.
3. Make a choice. When you recognize your feelings and negativity is there--accept it and then make a choice. "I feel this way, and even though I feel this way, what can I do that is counter intuitive to the feeling, which will show my subconscious programming that I am breaking a pattern or belief?" And then act on it...and sometimes to act on it, just means to be conscious of it so you stop perpetuating a cycle in your professional relationships.
Photo By The Crystal Fairy
Follow Tracy Crossley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/tracycrossley
More:

Rinkins Report: Plan and Execute Your Way to Startup Successreddit
Quentin L. Whitehead, Sr. recently celebrated the one-year anniversary of leaving his former job as a paint salesman at a home repair chain to now living his dream as an author and motivational speaker.
"I was very excited to be able to step over the threshold of leaving my job and following my dream. I was always miserable and frustrated at my job," said Whitehead, author of The Top 10 Tips for Student Success.
He is not alone. According to a recent report by staffing agency Kelly Services, a stunning 48-percent of employees expressed unhappiness in their current jobs. Whitehead is now the co-founder and co-owner of Men of Visions Worldwide, LLC, a motivational and empowerment company with offices in Fayetteville, North Carolina and Miami, Florida. He said he developed the courage to pursue his dream by honing his craft and building psychological strength.
"I knew I had a dream. It just had not come true yet. Keeping my dream before me helped me endure the frustration and misery. I also had to pay my bills and take care of my family," Whitehead revealed. "It is also a psychological process. My mentor, Kevin Bracy, always talks about going through the dream, struggle and victory phases. We have to go through those phases to be successful."
Whitehead has no regrets about leaving a stable job.
"Since starting my business I have been able to purchase a home, create my own revenue, and quadruple my income," he said. "Make sure that when you start your business that your business pays for itself. And, manage your business properly."
He also encourages employees to maximize their current situations.
"I try to maximize every situation possible. So, when I was selling paint, I would try to improve my diction, enunciation, and sells pitch. Those skills are helping me today as a motivational speaker," he shared. "Remember: No matter what your dreams are it's possible for you to achieve them."
Many people dream of leaving their jobs for the lure of entrepreneurship. Yet, many don't know how to create a practical plan to build a successful firm. Melinda Emerson is in the business of helping people create sustainable firms. Emerson is the founder and CEO of Quintessence Multimedia, and wrote Become Your Own Boss in 12 Months (Adams Media) to help aspiring entrepreneurs successfully transition from having a job to starting a business. The small business expert says you must have your personal life in order before launching a business.
"Before anyone leaves their job and starts a business. They must have a life plan," Emerson disclosed. "You must know and understand what you want to do and identify the market opportunity. You must also get support and buy-in from your family. Getting into business can be emotionally taxing. It won't work without getting that buy-in from your spouse and family."
Also known as SmallBiz Lady, the Philadelphia-based small business expert developed the Emerson Planning System with these tools for startup success.
Have a Solid Financial Plan- "Your financial plan will be different depending on where you are in your life. If you have great savings and an excellent credit score, you have a head start. If not, you may want to consider improving your savings and credit score. It is also helpful to be debt free. Before I started my first business, I got a home equity loan and paid off every bill I had even my car. I got myself down to the bare bones of my bills. That's what it takes to build a profitable and sustainable business. Because you may have to go a year or two without a paycheck. In most cases, it takes 18-to-36 months to break-even, and even more time to replace a corporate salary."
Take a Skills Inventory- "When you go from working for a business to working for yourself, you may go from doing three or four jobs to now being responsible for every job necessary to run your business. You may have to learn how to run a blog, or figure out QuickBooks, or fix your equipment. You have to jerry-rig and learn how to fix things. Remember, now that you are working for yourself, you can't just call the IT department. You may need to take some time to learn many of these skill sets before you leave your job to start your business."
Find Your Moonwalk- "You must have a marketing plan. You must also figure out who is going to buy from you and why. You cannot be all over the place. Find your moonwalk. You have to be able to set the world on fire and distinguish yourself in the marketplace. The marketplace doesn't need another basic graphic designer. You must create a place in the market where you can compete."
Develop a Business Plan- "You must craft a business plan with the numbers and sales projections. You need to figure out if you have a business or an expensive hobby. You need to know if your income meets and exceeds your expenses. If you generate a lot of activity and you have no money coming in, then, you have an expensive hobby."
Melinda Emerson is also founder and patron of the Melinda F. Emerson Foundation for Small Business Success. Find out more information at www.MelindaEmersonFoundation.org
Zach Rinkins is the Associated Press award-winning host/producer of the Rinkins Report . Find out more at www.RinkinsReport.com or on Twitter @RinkinsReport and Facebook @RinkinsReport
Follow Zach Rinkins on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RinkinsReport
More:

RBI Governor s word of caution on  Make in India  campaignComments
Sounding a note of caution on Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Make in India’ campaign, Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan on Friday said too much focus on manufacturing and an export-led growth path may not work in India as it has done for China. Instead, the focus should be ‘Make for India’, which will produce for the internal market.
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan laughs while replying to a question during a news conference after the bi-monthly monetary policy review in Mumbai on Tuesday. (Reuters)
“I am counselling against an export-led strategy that involves subsidising exporters with cheap inputs as well as an undervalued exchange rate, simply because it is unlikely to be as effective at this juncture,” Rajan said while speaking at the Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture organised by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (Ficci).
“I am cautioning against picking a particular sector such as manufacturing for encouragement, simply because it has worked well for China… India is different and developing at a different time... we should be agnostic about what will work,” the RBI governor pointed out. “When we discuss ‘Make in India’ as something which is focused on manufacturing…an attempt to follow the export-led growth path that China followed… I don’t think such a specific focus is intended.”
Stating that such a strategy will not pay for India due to the tepid global economic recovery, Rajan said, “Other emerging markets could absorb more, and a regional focus for exports will pay off. But the world as a whole is unlikely to be able to accommodate another export-led China.”
Modi unveiled the ‘Make in India’ campaign on August 15, inviting foreign investments with a view to make India a global manufacturing hub.
When external demand growth is muted, it is critical to produce for the internal market, he added. “This means we have to work on creating the strongest sustainable unified market we can, which requires a reduction in transactions costs of buying and selling throughout the country.”
Ahead of the forthcoming Budget, Rajan also pitched for incentivisation of domestic savings, a move that would boost investments. “Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure that the country’s investment is largely financed from domestic savings.”
Rajan said it is not the role of the regulator to boost the Sensex: “Financial stability sometimes means regulators, including the central bank, have to go against popular sentiment... Any positive consequences to the Sensex are welcome but are only a collateral benefit, not the objective.”
Rajan also said RBI will hold talks with the government about an appropriate timeline for the 2-6% medium-term inflation goal.

@shamiwitness: The man the western media calls an IS  expertComments
The person identified as @shamiwitness on Twitter and considered one of the “most influential” accounts supporting the Iraqi terrorist group IS (Islamic State) was often quoted by prominent newspapers and researchers. Channel 4 from UK put out a story on Wednesday claiming that @shamiwitness was an Indian based out of Bengaluru working for an “Indian conglomerate” in the city.
Most of them began to find his views through Twitter and his blog, which would be passionate pieces in defence of the IS and its leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi. The last post written on June 15, 2013 makes a case for Baghdadi who was in the middle of a dispute with al Qaeda’s leader Ayman al Zawahiri. In an earlier post on May 14, he attempts to explain the civil war in Syria and was clearly on side of the Islamist rebels who were advancing against government forces at that time.
Even prominent newspapers like The Telegraph and Daily Mail in the UK would quote @shamiwitness as an authentic voice of the IS. When the Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, which worked with the Syrian government to remove chemical weapons, @shamiwitness was furious. He called the award a “humiliation” to those killed by chemical weapons used by troops loyal to Bashar al-Assad’s government in Syria.

Magic mushroom in Queen Elizabeth II s gardenHallucinogenic magic mushrooms in Queen Elizabeth II's garden
AP
print
A mushroom with hallucinogenic properties was found growing at Buckingham Palace but no one suspects Queen Elizabeth II of cultivating the magic mushroom.
The Amanita muscaria was found growing wild in the extensive palace gardens during preparations for a television show.
The mushroom's hallucinogenic properties have long been known and it has commonly been used in rituals.
Palace officials said Friday there are several hundred species of mushrooms growing in the palace gardens, including a number of naturally occurring Amanita muscaria.
The mushroom can be beneficial to trees but can be poisonous to humans.
Officials say mushrooms from the garden are not used in the palace kitchens.

Lower IQ found in kids exposed to high chemical levels in pregnancyBy Gail Sullivan December 12, 2014 Follow @g_forcewinds
File photo. Di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP) is often found in seafood. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
Chemicals found in food and common household products have been linked to lower IQ in kids exposed to high levels during pregnancy.
Previous research linked higher exposure to chemicals called "phthalates" to poor mental and motor development in preschoolers. This study was said to be the first to report a link between prenatal exposure to the chemicals and childhood development.
Researchers from Columbia University’s Mailman School of Public Health studied exposure to five types of phthalates, which are sometimes referred to as “hormone disruptors” or “endocrine disruptors.” Among these, di-n-butyl phthalate (DnBP) is used in shower curtains, raincoats, hairspray , food wraps, vinyl and pill coating , among other things — but according to the EPA , the largest source of exposure may be seafood. Di-isobutyl phthalate (DiBP) and Butylbenzyl phthalate (BBzP) are added to plastics to make them flexible. These chemicals may also used in makeup, nail polish, lacquer and explosives.
The researchers linked prenatal exposure to phthalates to a more than six-point drop in IQ score compared with kids with less exposure.
The study, “Persistent Associations between Maternal Prenatal Exposure to Phthalates on Child IQ at Age 7 Years," was published Wednesday in the journal PLOS One.
"The magnitude of these IQ differences is troubling," one of the study’s authors, Robin Whyatt, said in a press release . "A six- or seven-point decline in IQ may have substantial consequences for academic achievement and occupational potential."
While phthalates are banned from use in children’s toys and child-care products, they may be present in other products that do not list them as an ingredient.
The participants in the study were 328 low-income mothers from the New York City area and their children. To determine the level of phthalate exposure, researchers looked at urine samples collected from the mothers during their third trimester of pregnancy. Then they gave the children, all aged seven, the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children, an IQ test.
They compared children of mothers with the highest 25 percent of exposure to the chemicals to children of mothers with the 25 percent lowest exposure while controlling for other factors known to affect IQ, including maternal IQ and education and quality of home environment.
They found the children of mothers exposed to more DnBP and DiBP had IQ’s that were 6.7 and 7.6 points lower, respectively, than the children of others. They found a link between those chemicals and certain aspects of IQ, including the children's processing speed, perceptual reasoning and working memory. They found that BBzP also affected child perceptual reasoning.
The mothers’ level of exposure to the chemical was not unusual compared to a national sample from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. “Because phthalate exposures are ubiquitous and concentrations seen here within the range previously observed among general populations, results are of public health significance,” the researchers wrote.
"While there has been some regulation to ban phthalates from toys of young children," lead author Pam Factor-Litvak said in a press release, "there is no legislation governing exposure during pregnancy, which is likely the most sensitive period for brain development. Indeed, phthalates are not required to be on product labeling."
Avoiding phthalates is impossible, but the researchers suggest pregnant woman reduce exposure by not microwaving food in plastics, avoided scented products like dryer sheets and avoiding plastics labeled 3, 6, and 7.
Gail Sullivan covers business for the Morning Mix blog.

CBI charges Koda  others in Jharkhand coal scamWe're sorry! This page is not available.
Please visit the hindustantimes.com homepage.
Advertisement

Prudent system is key in policymaking: Yashwant Sinhaeconomy, business and finance
The key to better policymaking in the government is not about having a think-tank, but a strong system that enables the expertise of the people to get reflected on the policy framework, asserts former Finance Minister Yashwant Sinha.
“On the one hand, we need civil servants, thinkers, and brilliant people. On the other, we need systems which will enable their brilliance to get reflected more markedly in government policies. Policymaking should not happen by accident. It should be a clearly demarcated highway on which you are going,” he said, while delivering the G Ramachandran Memorial Lecture organized by the Southern India Chamber of Commerce and Industry here.
He felt that the Planning Commission should have been much more responsible, but it failed to think. “Unfortunately, the body that should have been responsible is the Planning Commission. They stopped thinking themselves. So, I hope that the revamp of Planning Commission will fill that gap and together with a system that will bring a structure to help the government identify the issues, force the government to think about those issues and formulate necessary policies. This will help clear the mess in the policymaking. And, if necessary pressure is put, I am sure we will achieve the goal,” he added.
Mr.Sinha also said present policymaking was far more participatory than it was in sixties and seventies.
Replying to a question on the delay in implementation on GST, he said there were indications that the Centre was committed to introducing GST Bill. “I hope it will work out a mechanism to address the concerns of states,” he added.

Meet Kalyani Gomathinayagam  the Indian doctor who treated Ebola patients in LiberiaMeet Kalyani Gomathinayagam, the Indian doctor who treated Ebola in Liberia
Priyanka Vora , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, December 12, 2014
First Published: 21:56 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:17 IST(13/12/2014)
The Ebola case management centre run by the group Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) at Foya in Liberia shut down on Thursday after the region did not report any new cases of Ebola Virus Disease (EVD) since October 30.
Kalyani Gomathinayagam is the first Indian doctor who treated Ebola patients in Liberia. (Photo credit: MCF)
Dr Kalyani Gomathinayagam, the first Indian doctor to volunteer in Ebola-affected West Africa, was working at the centre for six weeks as a volunteer. She returned to India in October.
On Friday, MSF inaugurated a three-day exhibition in Mumbai to describe the work they are doing in Africa, which was still reeling under the Ebola epidemic. They visitors got a glimpse of the work Dr Gomathinayagam did there.
Speaking from her hometown Madurai, Dr Gomathinayagam said, "You are almost sick when you walk out of the high risk unit, where the patients are admitted. There was a time when I had a headache and had self-quarantined myself." Dr Gomathinayagam must have treated approximately 2,200 patients at the facility.
Dr Gomathinayagam, the only Indian doctor in the area at that time, is on leave and is spending some quality time with her family. "We all have sleepless nights, thinking if I did everything correctly." Owing to the contagious nature of the disease, any health care provider coming in contact with a suspected or a confirmed case of EVD is expected to wear the personal protective equipment (PPE). The PPE reduces the possibility of the provider of the provider coming in contact with any body fluids such as sweat and urine, which is known to contain the germs responsible for spreading of EVD. "We always entered the high risk unit with a buddy (another doctor). The pair had to keep a close watch on each other, so that we do not end up exposing ourselves to the infection," recalled Dr Gomathinayagam.
The PPE made it challenging for the doctors to spend more time with the patients. "We were constantly getting dehydrated because of the PPE and so every hour we spent in the high risk unit had to be utilised optimally. Here, as a doctor you have limitations; you cannot order any blood tests and examine the patient like you do in normal circumstances," she said, who treated an entire family who had contracted EVD.
"One of our staff's sister developed EVD; her mother, husband and children contracted the infection from her. Some survived, we lost others'. We also had patients who had contracted EVD while caring for their neighbours who suffered from EVD," she said.
"People were scared to come to the facility unit because of ignorance and the fear of exposing themselves. They did not want to believe that they had contracted EVD; they thought if you send them to the hospital they will not come back," she added.
Experts said that the concentrated efforts for EVD have adversely impacted the accessibility of healthcare in the affected regions.
"Many healthcare workers were affected with Ebola," said Gomathinayagam, who plans to go back to one of the other seven centres which are still functioning.
"My experience will help me to handle cases better. We cannot be complacent, even one case of Ebola is enough to start the epidemic," she said.

Death of Tamir Rice  12-year-old shot by Cleveland police  ruled a homicideBy Abby Ohlheiser December 12, 2014 Follow @abbyohlheiser
(Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner’s Office)
Tamir Rice, the 12-year-old boy who was shot and killed by a Cleveland police officer  last month, died from a “gunshot wound of torso with injuries of major vessel, intestines and pelvis,” according to an autopsy released on Friday. The Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner’s report ruled Rice’s the death a homicide.
The African American boy was fatally shot by a white Cleveland police officer on Nov. 22. Officers had responded to a 911 call reporting a person pointing a gun — which turned out to be a toy pistol missing its orange safety cap. Video footage of the shooting shows Officer Timothy Loehmann, 26, shooting Tamir within seconds of arriving on the scene.
Editor's note: This video contains graphic content. The family of Tamir Rice, the 12-year-old boy who was shot and killed by police while carrying a BB gun in a Cleveland park, authorized the release of surveillance footage showing the incident. (Cleveland Police)
Medical Examiner Thomas P. Gilson wrote in the report that “it is my opinion that Tamir E. Rice, a 12-year-old black adolescent male, died as a result of a gunshot wound to the abdomen which injured his inferior vena cava, intestines, and pelvis. The decedent was shot by law enforcement during legal intervention.”
The Rice family has filed a wrongful death suit, arguing that Loehmann and his partner, Frank Garmback, used excessive force against the 12-year-old. Among other things, the lawsuit claims that Tamir lay on the ground after being shot in the abdomen for four minutes before receiving medical attention. He died the next day.
Two years ago, Loehmann struggled to complete his firearms qualification training , records show. “He could not follow simple directions, could not communicate clear thoughts nor recollections, and his handgun performance was dismal,” a 2012 memo from Jim Polak, deputy chief of the  Independence Police Department , reads.
The full autopsy report is below, via WKYC .

Bill Nye: Stop calling Sen. Inhofe a climate change skepticBy Abby Ohlheiser December 12, 2014 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.) speaks to reporters on Capitol Hill. (Susan Walsh/AP)
There are a lot of words one could use to describe Sen. James Inhofe’s position on climate change, but some scientists and science communicators are most concerned with two of them: “skeptic” and “denier.”
In a statement released this week, several dozen people from the science world asked the media to stop calling Inhofe (R-Okla.) and others who do not believe in the scientific evidence supporting climate change “skeptics.” Instead, the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry argued, it would be more accurate to call Inhofe and the others “deniers.”
“We are concerned that the words ‘skeptic’ and ‘denier’ have been conflated by the popular media,” reads a letter released by the group . The statement is signed by Bill Nye and Carl Sagan’s widow, Ann Duryan, along with several prominent scientists.
The group issuing the letter has “skeptical” in its name. The implication here is that the word is properly applied to the work of the letter signers, but not those with an opposite view of climate change. “Proper skepticism promotes scientific inquiry, critical investigation, and the use of reason in examining controversial and extraordinary claims,” the statement says.
Inhofe has said that he doesn’t believe catastrophic climate change is real and that “global warming” could be “beneficial to mankind.” He is sometimes seen taking to the Senate floor on cold days to inform his colleagues that “global warming” must be false. He also wrote a book called “The Greatest Hoax, How the Global Warming Conspiracy Threatens Your Future.”
At issue, according to the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry, is how news organizations describe Inhofe’s position. A New York Times piece from November referred to Inhofe as a “prominent skeptic of climate change.” Days later, the group’s statement noted, NPR called Inhofe “one of the leading climate change deniers in Congress.”
“These are not equivalent statements,” the group said.
Although some scientists and educators have previously objected to the use of “skeptic” to refer to people who agree with Inhofe, the debate has taken on a new urgency: Inhofe is probably going to lead the Environment and Public Works Committee when the Republicans take over the Senate in January, giving him even more influence.
The Washington Post doesn’t have a set policy on the usage of the words; past news coverage has used the terms “denier” and “skeptic” interchangeably. For instance, here is a headline  referring to Inhofe as a “denier of human role in climate change.” This week, Wonkblog went with “skeptic, ” but only between quotation marks.
Of the two words, “denier” is older, lexicographer Kory Stamper told The Post.
“Its earliest uses were religious: deniers of the Gospel, deniers of Jesus Christ, and so on,” Stamper, an associate editor at Merriam-Webster, wrote in an e-mail.
Now, the word generally carries one very specific connotation, as part of the phrase “Holocaust denier.” Stamper notes that “denier” tends to “imply a resolute refusal to look at established facts or evidence; it’s got a much more dogmatic ring to it than ‘skeptic’ does.”
By contrast, “skeptic has been in solid and varied use from the early 1600s onward,” Stamper said.
But its earliest usage applied to a mindset that we might understand as similar to agnosticism these days: Early on, a skeptic was “someone who thought that true knowledge was impossible, or that all knowledge is uncertain.”
Stamper points to the following line from John Donne’s Juvenalia (1631): “The Skeptike, which doubts all, was more contentious, than either.”
Although skepticism has kept this association with religious non-believers, or atheists, its usage today is much more broad. It can mean someone who doubts “a particular point of knowledge.” It can mean someone who doubts that a certain statement is true. Or it can refer to a disposition.
“Nowadays, the second ‘general doubter’ sense is the most common; the use of ‘skeptic’ to refer to an atheist is perhaps the least common in modern prose, though still common enough to merit entry into most dictionaries,” Stamper wrote in an e-mail.
“And that’s where the rubber meets the ‘skeptic’ vs. ‘denier’ road: Writers tend to use words that are more familiar to them, and ‘skeptic’ is much more common in modern English prose than ‘denier’ is. ‘Denier’ also has that extra whiff of dogmatic, insistent rejection of established fact that ‘skeptic’ doesn’t (due to its common appearance in ‘Holocaust denier’), so maybe uses of ‘climate-change skeptic’ are seen as less judgmental or biased as uses of ‘climate-change denier’ are. It’s hard to say definitively.”
The implication is that there may be both “deniers” and “skeptics” when it comes to climate change, something suggested by a 2013 piece in Scientific American : “There are people who agree that humans are warming the planet, but then wonder about the exact details of the effects,” it reads. “How much will it exactly warm? Will it warm equally everywhere?”
Inhofe’s record takes it further than Scientific American’s tentative model for a “skeptic” on this topic. His book specifically calls global warming a “hoax,” merely a liberal conspiracy that’s designed to advance a liberal environmental agenda.
So, what would Inhofe call himself? We asked him — and in short, Inhofe dismissed the entire argument as “extreme environmentalists” arguing over “semantics.” In a statement, his office said: “Senator Inhofe is focused on how the President’s global warming agenda is putting small businesses out of work, making it more costly for farmers to deliver food to our tables, and sending jobs overseas where energy is more affordable.”
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Saradha scam: Angry Mamata dares Modi  Shah to arrest her  backs Madan MitraEmbarrassment mounted for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her Trinamool Congress after the CBI arrested state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra in connection with the Saradha scam on Friday.    
 
He is the first minister of Bengal to be arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in any case, and the fourth Trinamool leader to be held by the probe agency in the chit fund scam.
 
Accusing the Centre of adopting bullying tactics after Mitra’s arrest, Banerjee lashed out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah and dared them to arrest her.
 
“CBI may take Madan to SSKM Hospital. I will go to meet him . Let me see whether Amit Shah’s goondas and Narendra Modi’s police can arrest me,” she said.
 
“It (the arrest) is unfortunate, shameful and deserves to be condemned. It’s sheer political vendetta. Can the CBI and the Centre go out of their jurisdiction and act like this?” she added.
 
The Saradha chit fund scam trail is hounding Banerjee’s government unlike any other challenge she has encountered during her stint in power so far and Mitra’s arrest triggered fresh calls from opposition leaders for her resignation.
 
Opposition parties have repeatedly accused the CM of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
 
The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
 
The CBI arrested Mitra around 4 pm after questioning him for about three hours during which he denied taking any money from Saradha, said an official privy to the development.
 
According to the official, who did not want to be named, Mitra stood his ground despite CBI officers confronting him with evidence.
 
“In the Saradha chit fund scam, RC 4 S/14, case relating to Saradha Realty, CBI has arrested Madan Mitra, a cabinet minister in the government of West Bengal on prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy, cheating and misappropriation as well as deriving undue financial benefits from Saradha group,” said a CBI statement.
 
“CBI has also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipta Sen (Saradha Group chairperson) on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case,” the statement added.
 
Within an hour of the arrest, the Trinamool tore into Shah, who had launched a scathing attack on the Bengal CM last month, laying the foundation for the 2016 assembly elections in the state.
 
“The arrest of our cabinet colleague seems to be an act of vendetta. It appears CBI is controlled not only by BJP but also by Amit Shah. We strongly condemn this action. Neither the governor, nor the assembly speaker was informed before the arrest,” said Subrata Mukherjee, state panchayat minister.
 
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case.
 
The CM’s stated position is none from her party took any money from Saradha. She also points to the group’s operations having started during the Left rule, which she ended.
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
Read: TMC is without political friends, fighting a lonely battle for staying in power
 
The group folded up in April last year, leaving its investors, largely from rural areas with little access to formal banking facilities, in the lurch.
 
The opposition mounted pressure on the CM after Mitra’s arrest.
 
“Madan Mitra’s arrest shows that Trinamool leaders are neck deep in Saradha scam, and the dots are leading to Mamata Banerjee’s doorstep. It’s time for her to resign taking moral responsibility,” said Sidharth Nath Singh, BJP national secretary.
 
State Congress president Adhir Chowdhury, too, demanded that the CM step down.
By any yardstick Mamata Banerjee is facing the worst point of her political life after coming in power in Bengal in May 2011. She is without friends at the centre. Worse, all the parties that she is approaching for alliances are declining.
Last month, both her former ally, Congress, and the the Left leaders rebuffed her when she said in the national capital that she is ready to tie up with any party (even with her bitter opponents like the Left) to fight communalism (read BJP).
"In 2011 when she tied up with Congress and swept into power in Bengal, she was at the zenith of her career. Within three years, she reached the lowest point. Her personal image, that of impeccable honesty, is gone. The popularity of the party is under a big question mark. And she now has the CBI on her trail, something that could be said about other regional party leaders, but not about Mamata earlier," said COngress leader Abdul Mannan.

Conversion row: Muslims converted in Agra return to offer Friday namaz‘We were too scared to resist conversion’
Prashant Jha , Hindustan Times  Agra, December 12, 2014
First Published: 21:47 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:11 IST(13/12/2014)
Comments
Monira Begum interrupts her husband sharply, “You don’t know how to speak. Let me tell the story.” Her husband is Ismail – who is the recognised leader of Ved Nagar’s Muslims, caught in the ‘conversion’ controversy since Monday. Ismail registered a complaint with the police. But his real boss appears to his begum.
Muneera Begum, one of the 300 Muslims who converted to Hinduism in Agra, talks to Samajwadi Party leaders and clerics. Raju Tomar/HT
It is late evening as we are huddled around a fire in the slum, when Begum narrates the sequence of events – how Nand Kishore, who lives in the neighbourhood, came twenty days ago promising that Modi sarkar would give them BPL cards. He returned a few days to list everyone’s name; on Monday, Kishore came with others to set up a stage, asking the men to bathe and wear a skull cap and women to come in burqas.
Aligarh bans conversions on Xmas, Sangh unfazed
 
“It was after they put tikas on forehead of men and said you are now Hindus that we realised what had happened. One of them even took off one man’s skull cap and stamped it under his feet to say your faith has changed now. Till then, we thought it was just an event to hand over BPL cards,” says Begum. She said there was never any quid pro quo - of turning Hindus for a BPL card. "It is BPL after all, not something that would make us crorepatis. They misled us." Why did they not resist it right then? Ismail says, “We were scared.” His wife throws him an angry look, “I was sleeping, but if I was up, let me tell you, riot or no riot, I would not have allowed it.”
The man Ved Nagar’s Bengali Muslims have to confront now too lives close-by. 
Ajju Chauhan, co-convenor of the Bajrang Dal in the state, cannot stop smiling. Though he has not been named as an accused, he was present on Monday – and is relishing the media attention. Chauhan gets a friend to click his picture on the phone and whatsapp it to a local media representative; he gives a byte to a national Hindi news channel; and he laughs when asked about a common acquaintance – a Bajrang Dal leader in Meerut. “Saharanpur riots made him a hero. He just spent a month in jail but is now out.”
It is now Chauhan’s turn to project himself as the ‘hero’. He counters the Begum’s version. “It was all voluntary. We have ‘sankalpa patra’, a commitment paper, from 387 of them with details of their past Hindu ancestry, their original castes, and their consent to turn back to Hindu faith. They have backtracked because maulanas have put pressure” When asked if he would share these papers, Chauhan hesitated, “We will give it to the administration tomorrow.”
Though the incident may have been a setback – after all, the Muslims stuck to their faith – Chauhan and the Sangh Parivar see it as a triumph. The details don’t matter anymore, and the familiar mix of belligerence and victimhood is at play. “Thousands of people are converted to Christianity and Islam, but when a few convert to Hinduism, there is such a hue and cry. Make no mistake, Hindu society is now aware. Modi sarkar was formed because of this awareness in Hindu society.”
Chauhan pats the central government on its back for the stance it took in parliament. “We are completely satisfied, for we wanted a debate on conversion and a strong anti conversion law. This incident has established it as a national issue.” Chauhan says that the Aligarh plan – of converting 5000 Christians on Christmas – will happen as scheduled. What if the government bans it? “It will become even bigger. Suppress and it will blow up.”
If the Hindu right is aggressive, conservative Muslim outfits are getting into the act. Using the moment, the MIM  has quickly set up an ad-hoc district committee.
Mohammed Idris Ali, the party’s district convenor, was leading a protest at the Agra collectorate on Thursday. When asked about the demands, he said, “Ban RSS, VHP, Bajrang Dal and Dharma Jagran Manch; ban all ‘ghar vaapsi’ events; take action against Ajju Chauhan and stop the Aligarh event.” 
Circumstances propelled them to the national limelight, but Monira Begum and the Muslims of Ved Nagar now want to return to their anonymous lives of eking out an existence by selling scrap – and praying as they have always done, to Allah. It was the first Friday after the controversy, and all of them did their namaaz prayers – some in the mosque, and many in the slum itself in full public view – to send out a message. “We were Muslims, we are Muslims, and we will remain Muslims.”

Giant European Particle Collider Ready for 2nd RunThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

http://twitter.com/Matth...http://twitter.com/matth...
Russia mulling abolition of visas for Indians: Minister of Industry & TradeDenis Manturov
(Russian authorities are…)
NEW DELHI: Russia today said it is mulling abolition of visas for Indian businessmen and tourists and a decision in this regard could come soon.
Russian authorities are discussing abolition of visas for Indian businessmen and tourists, Russia's Minister of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov said here a day after President Vladimir Putin's visit.
Abolition of visas mainly for entrepreneurs and also for tourists was discussed, he said after a meeting with the leadership of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( FICCI ) here.
It is discussed regularly in Russia, "The next step is abolition of visas for tourists and entrepreneurs. We constantly discuss it, and I think the process to settle it will not be long," Manturov told the Russian Itar-TASS news agency.
The minister did not comment on when visas would be abolished, saying it was under the jurisdiction of the Foreign Ministry and migration services.
Last month, India launched the much-awaited electronic visa facility for visitors from 43 countries, including Russia.
Now, a visitor from these countries will just have to apply for an e-visa on the designated website and pay the fee online to get an electronic travel authorisation ( ETA ) within 72 hours.
In a boost to their "special strategic partnership", Russia will build at least 12 nuclear reactors in India besides manufacturing advanced dual-use helicopters as the two countries signed 20 agreements in oil, gas, defence, investment and other key sectors yesterday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Putin, in their annual summit, also vowed to take the close ties to a "new level" as both sides outlined a new vision and expand manifold cooperation oil, gas, electric power production and nuclear energy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Is $50 oil the new $100 oilis $50 oil the new $100 oil
GDP to grow at 665 in 201516 says JaitleyGDP to grow at 665 in 201516 says Jaitley
Sensex sees worst week in 3 yearsSensex sees worst week in 3 years
September retail inflation eases to 6.46%September retail inflation eases to 6.46%
Odisha urges Centre to allow states for taxing tobacco productsOdisha urges Centre to allow states for taxing tobacco products
Supply glut sends Brent crude to $60 per barrelSupply glut sends Brent crude to $60 per barrel
With $60 for oil  $40 seems a likely possibility. Here s what it means for IndiaWith $60 for oil  $40 seems a likely possibility. Here s what it means for India
Senate appears set to pass spending Bill  timing uncertainSenate appears set to pass spending Bill  timing uncertain
Parrikar likely to allow arms agents  impose steep fines for wrongdoingParrikar likely to allow arms agents, impose steep fines for wrongdoing
Ajai Shukla | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:29 AM IST
Publicly enunciating his impending policy initiatives, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday indicated he could soon allow defence companies to have representatives in India; impose financial penalties on errant vendors rather than blacklisting them; and focus procurement on giving soldiers essential combat kit such as boots.
On the emotive issue of One Rank, One Pension (OROP), a key demand of ex-servicemen who are demanding equal pension for retirees of equal rank who served for equal time, Parrikar promised it would come through in four to eight weeks, but retirees would get somewhat less than they hoped for.
On terrorist infiltration from Pakistan, Parrikar promised a policy within six months, that would "end or at least reduce these blatant attacks". Significantly, Parrikar echoed the military's line that India had military options short of full-scale war.
The defence minister spoke at a "conclave" in New Delhi on Friday, organised by the Aaj Tak television channel.
The ministry of defence (MoD) had banned "arms agents", or representatives of foreign defence suppliers, after the Bofors kickbacks scandal in the late 1980s. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) government has proposed to remove this ban and legalise registered representatives. Parrikar said, "Whether you call them middlemen or agents or lobbyists or representatives, they should be formalised and legalised."
Endorsing the policy revision initiated by his predecessor, Arun Jaitley, Parrikar said company representatives served useful purposes, e.g. as a convenient channel of communication between the MoD and the company.
Parrikar warned that doubts about "defence agents" were aroused when their fee structure included a success fee, or a percentage of the contract value.
Instead, the ministry would demand the company submits full information about its representative's fee structure and method of payment. "We would require a clear agreement, deposited with the MoD in advance with heavy financial penalties if you violate (the agreement)."
Parrikar rejected the blacklisting of companies that violated procurement norms, recommending punitive monetary penalties instead. Citing the example of Italian corporation, Finmeccanica, which faces severe restrictions after the MoD blamed its subsidiary, Agusta Westland, for corruption in the sale of AW-101 VVIP helicopters to India, Parrikar also said Finmeccanica had 39 subsidiaries, some of which were involved in crucial contracts with India. "Should we rule ourselves out of dealing with all of those 39 subsidiaries? There has to be a clear policy on that," said the defence minister.
The Finmeccanica companies involved in important MoD acquisitions include marine specialist, WASS (torpedoes); Selex Electronics Systems (radar and communications); Alenia Aeromacchi (aircraft); and Otomelara (naval guns).
Instead of blacklisting, Parrikar suggested that "How much you (the company) violated, pay the Indian government four to five times that, only then will you be permitted to participate in defence tenders."
Parrikar clarified that this was just "loud thinking" and that the actual policy on representatives and blacklisting would be announced in January 2015. On OROP, Parrikar said the MoD was identifying the financial cost. Estimating that ex-servicemen would get about 80 per cent of their demand, Parrikar said, "100 per cent satisfaction to everyone is never given in real life."
Parrikar expressed confidence in his own decision-making, saying he had the competence to understand complicated matters, isolate key issues and arrive at the right decision. Implying that his predecessor, A K Antony, did not go into details adequately, Parrikar said, "I get up early in the morning; I spend half an hour, or an hour reading a complicated file. Once you have good intentions, there can be no questions about the quality of the judgment," said Parrikar.
However, Parrikar declined to praise Antony for his probity, saying, "Honesty is not a solution". Instead, what was needed was "decision making ability".
Parrikar promised he would also bring wrongdoers to book. "You have to get into the muck to clear the muck… I am not scared of going into a room full of dirt. When I come out, I will go into a shower and clean it off," he said. Based on his interaction with soldiers in high-altitude posts, Parrikar says he will give the top priority to providing combat essentials such as boots to soldiers, even those who were not entitled to the high-quality clothing issued at Siachen Glacier.
"If I can give good boots and equipment in Siachen, why not to these soldiers?" said Parrikar.
Significantly, Parrikar indicated boots etc would be prioritised over high-cost combat platforms. Pointing out that 90 per cent of the procurement budget was already committed towards earlier contracts, he said, "If there are resource (constraints), I will prefer to settle the smaller amounts."

Twin deficits could be tamed with more imaginative approach: ManmohanTwin deficits could be tamed with more imaginative approach: Manmohan
Indvjal Dhasmana | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:28 AM IST
Amid the government struggling to rein in the issue of twin deficits — of current account and fiscal deficits — despite the recent drop in global crude oil prices, former prime minister Manmohan Singh on Friday said the problem could be tackled with a more imaginative approach.
“Fall in oil prices all over the world is the talk of the town. I would venture to think India is well placed to make better of this situation, provided we have the vision, provided we evolve into a meaningful national consensus to move ahead,” Singh said in his inaugural address at the Bharat Ram Memorial lecture in New Delhi.
The former prime minister said India’s balance of payments issue was now more manageable, with a decline in oil prices, and the fiscal deficit concern could be addressed more imaginatively.
The Centre’s fiscal deficit had touched almost 90 per cent of its Budget estimates for full 2014-15 in the first seven months itself, mainly due to low indirect tax collections and non-tax revenues.
Besides, India’s current account deficit widened to 2.1 per cent of gross domestic product in the September quarter of 2014-15, against 1.7 per cent in the first three months.
Singh, whose tenure as finance minister in the early 1990s had seen India embarking on economic reforms to tackle the balance of payments crisis, said the country was poised to take advantage of globalisation and engage in trade to finance its imports through exports.
“Today, we cannot grow in isolation... India is well placed to take advantage of this situation, provided we evolve a meaningful national consensus to move ahead,” he said. He, however, did not comment on the current policies to tackle the two deficits.
He said India could achieve a growth rate of eight to nine per cent if there was a “national consensus” on methods to take advantage of a globalised world. “I think India has the opportunity to move towards a growth rate of six to seven per cent and to eight per cent thereafter, even as many other emerging economies are not doing very well,” Singh said.
Except India, other emerging economies — like Brazil, Russia and South Africa — were not doing well, Singh said, adding the country was set for a eight to nine per cent growth. “We are working towards a growth rate of eight to nine per cent. There are opportunities, there are risks. India is currently at least poised to create a milieu in which its growth story can be another worthwhile chapter for the evolving global economies,” he said. Indian economy had grown over nine per cent annually for three years before being affected by the global financial crisis of 2008-09. The growth rate had fallen to 6.7 per cent that year.
Though the economy recovered from those lows, with huge stimulus in the two years to follow, growth again fell to sub-five per cent in 2012-13 and 2013-14.
In the current financial year, the government estimates the growth rate to be between 5.4 per cent and 5.9 per cent.
Singh said a meaningful solution to India’s problems of poverty, ignorance and diseases could be found only in the framework of rapidly expanding economies.
“There is a broad consensus that we need a growth rate of eight to nine per cent to create 10-12 million jobs a year, if we have to conquer unemployment within our lifetime,” he said.

Stick to a Holiday Budget With These Savings SecretsStick to a Holiday Budget With These Savings Secrets
 
Nov 14, 2014 5:39pm
Spencer Platt/Getty Images
With a wife and three young children, including a 5-week-old baby girl, Joel Steinhaus has a mighty long shopping list this holiday season.
According to the National Retail Federation, the average US family will spend $804 on gifts this holiday season and the Steinhauses plan to stick to a similar budget.
“We want it to be festive,” said Steinhaus, 32. “[But] we are concerned about finances obviously because you know, there’s a new mouth to feed.”
Tips for holiday shopping on a budget.
To help the family maximize their giving — without maxing out their credit cards — ABC News’ “Real Money” team introduced the Steinhauses to personal finance expert Vera Gibbons.
Gibbons said that by starting early and shopping smart with the following tips, the Steinhauses could score hundreds in potential savings.
1. Go for gift cards. Apps like Raise and Gift Card Granny let you buy gift cards at discounts of up to 30 percent off. You can give them as presents or use them yourself to double up on discounts at the store.
For example, using a gift card to purchase a 46-inch Samsung LED TV at RadioShack — originally $699.99 and now on sale for $479.99 — can save you an additional $62.
2. Compare deals. Apps like RedLaser , ShopSavvy and Buyvia instantly let you see prices at thousands of retailers, helping you score the lowest price.
“You’re saving time. You’re saving money. And you’ve got everything right there at your fingertips,” Gibbons said.
3. And finally, know when to shop. Gibbons said deals were starting earlier and earlier this season — so, forget Black Friday . The biggest price drops are expected to start the week before Thanksgiving.
ABC News’ Michael Koenigs contributed to this story.

Which States Blow the Most CashThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

Last-place Fox 32 imports producer from Weather ChannelLast-place Fox 32 imports producer from Weather Channel
posted on
Tweet
Scott Warren
Scott Warren, who was replaced after eight months as executive producer of The Weather Channel’s morning show, is taking charge of Chicago’s lowest-rated evening newscast.
WFLD-Channel 32 announced the hiring Thursday of Warren as executive producer of the Fox-owned station’s 9 p.m. newscast, starting December 17. He replaces Rehan “Ray” Aslam, who exited last week after nine years as a producer there.
Anchored by Jeff Herndon and Dawn Hasbrouck, Fox 32’s 9 p.m. newscast finished dead last in November among all local late-news programs, with a 1.6 Nielsen rating (66,078 households) — down 6 percent from the previous year.
In addition to his stint at The Weather Channel, which ended last October, Warren’s resume includes 11 positions in the last 14 years. Among them were executive producer jobs at KNTV-TV, the NBC-owned station in San Francisco, KTLA-TV, the Tribune Media station in Los Angeles, KTVU-TV, the Fox-owned station in San Francisco, and KTVT-TV, the CBS-owned station in Dallas. He also was managing editor at Yahoo!
Warren is the second producer from The Weather Channel to join a Chicago station in recent months. In August,  WLS-Channel 7 hired Jesse Hamilton, who headed prime-time hours at the Atlanta-based network, as executive producer of the ABC-owned station’s morning newscast.
PREVIOUS POST

Prosecute CIA torturers  say campaignersCIA torturers should be prosecuted, say human rights groups
Jane Croft in London and Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fa7076b6-8060-11e4-9907-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Risks high for Microsoft amid cloud gainsRisks high as Microsoft passes cloud milestone
Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1c149432-811a-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IT trade deal teeters as China digs inTrade deal on IT teeters as China digs in
Shawn Donnan, World Trade Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/50862ecc-814e-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Miners: race to the bottom© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3f0d4b9a-8125-11e4-896c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Not apprehensive of CAD  says RBI Governor Raghuram RajanUpdated: December 12, 2014 00:43 IST
Not apprehensive of CAD, says RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
Indrani Dutta
Tweet
The Hindu
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan flanked by Deputy Governor Harun R. Khan (right) and Rajiv Mehrishi secretary (Economic Affairs) during the Central Board meeting of the bank in Kolkata on Thursday. Photo: Sushanta Patranabish
TOPICS
central bank
The RBI Governor on Thursday said though the current account deficit has widened to $ 10.1 billion or 2.1 per cent of GDP in July-September period, it is still at comfortable levels.
While there are risks to the current account deficit (CAD) on account of gold imports, there is no need for apprehension as the falling oil price provides a cushion, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said here on Thursday.
To review priority sector lending norms
He also said the central bank was in the process of reviewing the priority sector lending norms to nudge foreign banks to set up wholly-owned subsidiaries.
After chairing the central board meeting here, Dr. Rajan, at a press meet, said a growth rate of mid-6s was possible next fiscal if certain actions were taken on everybody’s part to get the core sector investments going. “We do expect the growth rate to be above six per cent,” he said.
To a question on the issue of opening of wholly-owned subsidiaries by foreign banks, he said the RBI was in the process of reviewing, at the request of the Finance Ministry, the norms on priority sector lending as that was their primary concern. “When that process is completed in consultation with the government, we communicate the norms widely and then we will nudge them,” he said.
While the RBI was keen to try to encourage them to open subsidiaries here, there were also worries about systemic risks in large foreign banks which had been in India for long. “We are trying to create an incentive structure for them without forcing them. We have to be explicit about the costs and benefits,” Dr. Rajan said.
To a question on gold imports, he said that it had widened. “We are watching its direction... we are vigilant,” he added. “While it is difficult to maintain restrictions for too long, the falling oil prices is a good time to see what happens. Although uncertainties remain but with easing inflation, people will now invest more in bonds, stocks and fixed income securities rather than gold,” he said.
The Governor said the RBI was now gearing up to do payments banks and small finance banks. After that the criteria for universal bank licences were set to be re-examined and reframed, if necessary. Dr. Rajan also chaired the 14th meeting of the sub-committee of the Financial Stability and Development Council on Thursday.
The council reviewed the potential risks facing the financial system and a draft of the December 2014 issue of the Financial Stability Report (including Trend and Progress of Banking in India) was presented at the meeting. The sub-committee deliberated on issues such as deepening of currency derivatives market and uniform KYC across institutions.

CIA made serious mistakes  says BrennanCIA made serious mistakes, says Brennan
Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/595daac2-8165-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US oil price below $60 a barrelUS oil price below $60 a barrel
Gregory Meyer in New York and Neil Hume and Anjli Raval in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4df9588-8119-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Column: Not enough to build onShould mobile VoIP services be charged extra?
The government seems to be on an overdrive on regulatory and tax changes related to the real estate sector. With squeezed liquidity, sales of residential units slowing down and foreign capital all but drying up—at least for development projects—there was an urgent need to catalyse investment in the sector, not just for the sake of growth and to meet the unmet demands of housing and commercial space but also to make sure that there aren’t any major loan defaults that would cause stress in the system.
The first of these changes was heralded by the tax provisions related to the Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) and with Sebi finalising the regulations. While there was initial euphoria, the devil in the detail on the tax side has not just dampened the enthusiasm but, coupled with a high interest rate regime, has made the economics of this less than attractive at the moment. It seems that unless the tax issues are ironed out in Budget 2015, REITs will remain a mirage.
These announcements were followed by the press release, and more recently, the formal press note, on the changes in the FDI policy related to the construction-development sector. These changes have been on the horizon for several years and, to that extent, credit must go where due. That the new government was able to prioritise the sector and bring about the changes in less than six months of being in power speaks volumes about its commitment.
The intention of the changes is laudable—lowering of the bar on the limitations and conditions, both at the time of the entry and exit of foreign investors. However, one thing that hasn’t changed even with the change in the ruling dispensation is the big slip between the cup and the lip—there are just so many aspects in the new rules that will actually make it harder to attract foreign capital.
On the positive side, the size threshold has been reduced from 50,000 square metres to 20,000 square metres and, for plotted development, there is now no minimum land requirement. This should significantly improve the turnaround time to project completion and, at a time when willingness to take the development risk is low, it is hoped that smaller projects will turn around the fortunes of both developers and investors.
However, the catch here, and to my mind entirely unintended, is the limitation on when the FDI can be made. The new rules stipulate that the minimum capital of $5 million must be invested within six months of the date of all approvals. While this no doubt provides clarity on the meaning of an eligible “greenfield” project, it, in a single stroke, eliminates the projects that have the approvals but have been languishing for years for want of funds. It is critical that this aspect be resolved soon, lest this becomes another example of a well-meaning change that did not actually provide any real benefit.
The other interesting issue is on the lock-in of the foreign investment. It has been the stated policy that FDI in the sector should be sticky and for real development, and not for speculation. The big change is that instead of a period (three years) based lock-in, it is now linked to the completion of the project or the completion of the trunk infrastructure. Well-meaning again, since, if the project is completed, the investor should be able to exit notwithstanding any minimum period test. However, what if the investment is in a large, mixed-use project being developed in phases? Would completion mean the entire project, which could be a prolonged period, or would it mean the completion of each phase? There is also ambiguity on the condition of trunk infrastructure—would this apply only to a plotted development or even to development of a building? Whichever way one looks at it, it appears that the regulation on lock-in has actually become more stringent than it was!
The real silver lining seems to be in the clarification on shopping malls. Inserted at the end of the press note is a statement which clarifies that 100% FDI is permitted under the automatic route for operation and management of shopping malls. There are also relaxations in the case of affordable housing, where it has been specified that the conditions on minimum size and minimum capital will not apply.
Considering what is plaguing the sector, whether it is land acquisition, delayed approvals or high cost of financing, the new policy should have been a manna. However, with REITs having still some distance to cover, and the several open-ended questions that the new policy throws up, the free flow of dollars that the government may be expecting might not crystallise. If the theme of the new government is to improve the ease of doing business in India, this policy, with its many drawbacks, will certainly find it hard to qualify as helping India’s cause.
Abhishek Goenka

Editorial: Dont have a flawed GSTShould mobile VoIP services be charged extra?
Though the last word is yet to be spoken on it—state finance ministers are probably going to meet finance minister Arun Jaitley again, after the two meetings on Thursday and Jaitley will probably hold more meetings with the prime minister—chances are the Centre will accede to many of the demands made by the states. The Centre wants to show it has put in place a major reform, and this is its big chance. While giving in to state demands on putting the inter-state GST (IGST) in a divisible pool is a good move, the other concessions have to be weighed carefully in terms of what is being achieved. If Octroi and local body taxes are kept out of GST, this keeps the border checkposts alive, and defeats the purpose of a unified pan-Indian market. Similarly, while agreeing to keep petroleum products outside the GST framework will probably not raise the revenue neutral rate by much, it ensures that petroleum users like refineries don’t get input tax credits. As it is, as FE has reported before, many states have stopped giving full input tax credits on various goods, including if they are transported across state boundaries.
Keeping alcohol outside the ambit of the GST, similarly, robs the Centre of tax buoyancy; and the difference in tax rates across states will also necessitate border checkposts. Land has been kept outside the ambit of the GST, and rough calculations suggest this reduces the taxable GST base by anywhere between 10-15%. Indeed, it is these exemptions that explain the big difference between the 12% single-rate GST the Kelkar committee talked of and the 27% that is being talked of now—to be fair, since two rates are being proposed, 12% and 27%, the comparable number is probably around 18-20%.
While states like Gujarat and Maharashtra are understandably worried about the loss in tax revenues because once GST comes in and input credits have to be given on all items—that was their problem with the Centre’s proposal to zero-rate petroleum products—what they need to keep in mind is the additional taxes they will collect from the services sector under GST. A related point here is that if an average GST rate of 18-20% is to be charged on the services sector, it will be a big blow to the sector which is one of the few growth engines in the economy. When the finance minister meets the state finance ministers—the chief economic advisor is holding a GST meeting on Monday—he needs to impress this upon them. Of course, from the Centre’s point of view, if it is convinced GST will help increase the taxable base through superior information capture of value chains, it may not be a bad idea to accept a 5-year compensation instead of the current 3-year offer on the table—the catch here is that, the more things are kept outside the purview of GST, the higher the revenue neutral rate, and the lower the chances of capturing the full value-chain of production.
Post Comments
More from fecolumnist

Editorial: Some progress insuredShould mobile VoIP services be charged extra?
Amidst the gloomy news on the GST Bill, the good thing about the insurance bill is that at least it is through, now that the Select Committee has submitted its report. So, at a time when India’s health and life insurance needs are growing rapidly—according to the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority, the sector needs R55,000 crore in just the next 5 years—and Indian entrepreneurs don’t have the necessary financial muscle to put in more money, increasing the FDI cap will go a long way in ensuring Indians have better insurance cover. As one of the presentations to the Select Committee pointed out, while Indians spend R3 lakh crore on health expenses each year, just R20,000 crore of this is paid for by health insurers. Given the number of years the government has been pushing for this change, it is a big relief to investors to see it coming through—the irony is that while the BJP is currently piloting the Bill, it is the BJP that played spoiler all these years.
The composite cap for FDI and FII, and the ‘ownership and control’, of course, are two major concessions, though in keeping with India’s overall philosophy of bringing in FDI. In the case of telecom, for instance, while it was foreign partners who had the money and the technology to run the enterprises in the initial years, it was the local partners who got the biggest share of the benefits as they exited at huge premiums once the FDI caps were hiked, first to 74% and later to 100%. Indeed, with the fund-raising by some of the Indian ‘partners’ underwritten by the foreign investors, nameplate capitalism is the only term that best describes the policy. The Select Committee’s recommendation that incremental equity should be brought into company and not by way of buying the shares of the Indian promoter is worrying should it be accepted by the government. Apart from being a throwback to the old socialist days when profits were considered a bad thing, it could create a problem later when Indian partners want to exit. Right now, however, with investors looking to grow the insurance business, that is probably the last thing on their mind. At some point though, the government will need to address this as well as the issue of how giving foreigners control of an enterprise hurts India’s interests—after all, a government coming to power promising to abolish crony capitalism doesn’t want to be promoting nameplate capitalism. And, as our op-ed columnist Menaka Doshi asks, if two of India’s leading private banks are majority-owned by foreigners and that is not a problem, why should it be a problem in the insurance sector?
Post Comments
More from fecolumnist

Dear foreign investor  we love your money  not you!Should mobile VoIP services be charged extra?
After almost a decade of political wrangling, India seems set to enhance the foreign investment limit in insurance from 26% to 49%. If it happens, and the chances look good it will, the Narendra Modi-led government will undoubtedly count this among its early victories. But is it really a victory? Does this limit enhancement represent the new government’s economic approach, i.e. a more liberal foreign investment policy, simpler investment rules, more investment and more competition?
Maybe not! Because the hike in the FDI limit could likely be accompanied by two caveats. The first is endemic to our foreign investment policies, that ‘ownership and control’ should be vested with Indians. That means 51% of the business should be owned by Indians and that Indians should have the right to appoint a majority of directors or control the management or policy decisions. On the face of it, there is nothing wrong in stipulating that insurance businesses must be controlled by Indians. But this restriction contradicts the rationale for enhancing the FDI limit. In its representations to the Select Parliamentary Committee, the finance ministry argued in favour of raising the FDI limit by saying India needs large amounts of capital, technology and knowhow in the sector.
‘The Dept of Financial Services further explained that the rationale behind increasing the FDI limit to 49% is that insurance companies are regulated by stringent solvency norms and continuously require additional capital for growth, which partly get invested in key sectors like infrastructure. IRDA has estimated that the additional capital requirement of insurance sector would be R55,000 crore (R44,500 crore for the life sector and R10,500 crore for the non-life sector) over the next five years, which may not be taken care of by the limited domestic sources. Further, it was stated that the foreign equity potentially enables transfer of technical knowhow and better customer service through improved practices and competitive pressure. The FDI allowed in insurance sector in other countries, the sectoral FDI limits existing in the country for other sectors and the key provisions proposed in the Bill for safeguarding the interests of the policy-holders were also highlighted. Giving specific instances of quantum of FDI in different countries, the department submitted that it was 100% in Japan, South Korea, Hong Kong; 80% in Indonesia and 50% in China.’
Report of the Select Committee on the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2014
So we want their money, their technology and their expertise … but we won’t give them control? Why would a foreign investor put in half the capital and not expect equal control? If he doesn’t get it directly, he’s going find ways to exercise it indirectly, leading to all kinds of complicated structures and ‘front’ investors. Telecom is an appropriate example of how FDI limits were rendered virtually meaningless because the foreign telecom company funded a few individuals to hold stake on its behalf. The FDI limits and circumstances maybe different, but the underlying principle is the same.
It isn’t the first time I have asked this question of foreign investment policy. The bureaucratic response often is—‘But India is too important a market for them to ignore!’ I suppose we believe that no matter how unreasonable we are, foreign investors will come. Well, Indian insurance businessmen, who do business with these foreign investors, think otherwise.
‘The representatives of private sector insurance companies referring to the advantages of increase in the FDI limit pointed out that insurance being a capital-intensive and low-return business, it is a better option to expose foreign capital to a low-return industry, in place of scarce Indian capital. Foreign companies would bring in latest technology and provide access to global re-insurance market besides boosting infrastructure sector as foreign capital would be invested in government securities and sectors as per IRDA guidelines…
The private sector representatives also stated that there may be hindrances to the amount of FDI coming in, if the full management control lies with the Indian shareholders as per the provisions of the Bill. It was suggested that while the FDI limit may be increased to 49%, there should be no provision for control and instead it should be left to the shareholders to sort out amongst themselves, based on their shareholdings.’
Report of the Select Committee on the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2014
The report includes dissent notes by some MPs and they cite the global financial crisis, foreign insurance companies’ investments in complex derivatives and AIG’s bailout by the US government as instances why foreign insurance players should not be trusted. But can’t those fears be mitigated by stringent regulation? Two of our leading private banks are majority owned by foreign investors. Yet we think of them as Indian banks and trust RBI to regulate them effectively. Can we not trust IRDA to do the same, effectively regulate Indian insurance companies, irrespective of the colour of money funding them? Maybe therein lies the trouble. It is not the foreign investors we don’t trust, it is the lack of confidence in our own regulatory structures?
Worse still, the 49% limit includes FDI and FPI (earlier known as FII). This makes an IPO tough because, in an insurance company that already has a foreign partner—assuming the foreign partner wants to own 49% or thereabouts—the headroom for foreign portfolio investment will be zero or severely restricted. And foreign portfolio investors are an essential segment of our equity markets. Oddly enough, the Select Committee acknowledges this but doesn’t resolve it.
‘The Committee also notes the views expressed by secretary, Dept of Financial Services, that there is a requirement of huge amount of capital as defined by the regulator for stipulated solvency levels to maintain the trust level of stakeholders in life insurance companies through solvency under all circumstances. This enhanced foreign equity will not only help in expansion of insurance coverage, comprehensive and better portfolio management, and enable growth of pension sector, but also potentially enable transfer of technical knowhow and other better consumer services through improved practices and competitive pressures. The Committee observed that IPOs may not be the best route for raising capital in the insurance sector as FIIs face constraints due to sectoral foreign equity caps.’
Report of the Select Committee on the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2014
The second caveat? The Select Committee wants the hike in the FDI limit to be accompanied by fresh capital.
‘The Committee is also of the view that incremental equity should ideally be used for expansion of capital base so as to actually strengthen the insurance sector.’
Report of the Select Committee on the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2014
Again, the intention is noble—insurance needs more capital and, hence, the guiding policy should enable the inflow of fresh capital. Therefore, the emphasis on primary issuance of shares and a bar on secondary transactions (stake sales). But why should a law prescribe the nature of the investment transaction? Can we not leave this up to the two consenting adults to determine?
It is well known that, over the last decade, Indian insurance businesses often sought capital from their foreign partners. But since foreign ownership was limited to 26%, many foreign partners indirectly funded the business by funding the Indian promoter, in the hope that when the FDI limit is raised, the money will convert to equity. This happened for a host of reasons. Indian promoters didn’t have the money to invest in a growing, capital-hungry business, or they didn’t have the risk appetite, or they were getting the foreign funds cheap. Whatever the reason, these structures and side-letters (granting the foreign investor certain rights including conversion) were riding on the hope of a hike in the FDI limit.
If the Committee’s caveat persists, many of these structures will have to be restructured. That could put the foreign investor at a disadvantage.
Conversely, it may even hurt the Indian partner’s ability to exit (partially), discharge the foreign debt or invest his money elsewhere. Unless, of course, the Indian partner had no intention of honouring the debt or side-letters.
But even if all these silly structural complications are surmounted by lawyers and their hefty fees—and still more structures—the message this policy sends out to foreign investors is not flattering to India. The message is: We want your money, your technology, your expertise, but we don’t trust your intentions and we will prescribe to you the exact manner in which you can invest. But we want your money.
A Committee member I spoke to explained that the only way to achieve political consensus in favour of raising the FDI limit in insurance was to explain to the legislators the urgent need for additional capital in the insurance business. That pitch, he said, is justified only if the policy ensures new capital comes in. Hence the proposed bar on secondary transactions.
I wonder, if the BJP had a majority in the Rajya Sabha as well, would the Committee have dropped this clause?
The other argument in favour of this restriction is that, in a secondary transaction (Indian promoter selling stake to foreign investor), only Indian promoter stands to gain, and that is unacceptable.
Committee member Naresh Gujral admitted as much in his comment to CNBC TV18 when he said, “The idea is to strengthen the companies and not give windfall gains to a few select individuals in this country. You recall that this is exactly what happened during 2G. There were a few individuals that gained. So we want money to go into the companies and not into the pocket of a few rich individuals.”
This grouse finds mention in the Committee Report as well. MP Derek O’Brien, in his dissent note, states, “The Bill in its current form creates no impetus for increased foreign investments in the insurance sector to be channelled towards improving insurance coverage or social security for the poor. It is quite possible that a higher FDI cap will only result in Indian entities liquidating their stake, at several times their original investment, without any fresh investments coming in.”
Well, if the Committee’s recommendation makes it to the final form of the law, O’Brien has one less thing to complain about.
Let me add here that I am not suggesting that the Committee’s recommendations will definitely make it as law. They might if that’s the only way to get political consensus. Or they may not. Several lobbies are at work. This is merely a contemplation of our approach to foreign investment and an examination of how our legislators think.
In summation, we want foreign investment, foreign technology and foreign expertise. But we won’t trust the foreigners with control, nor trust our regulators to regulate them effectively. But then we don’t want Indian businessmen to profit either. Definitely not making any ‘windfall gains’.
My grumbling aside, hopefully, none of this will hurt India’s insurance sector. It is a big market and its return potential will draw foreign money. But that’s not the point. It is about how we choose to craft our investment policies. If even a historic majority and a right-wing government can’t fix that, then nothing will.
The author is executive editor at CNBC TV18. Views are personal
(Equal & Opposite is a column that explores business practices prompted by legal & regulatory action and vice-versa)
Post Comments
More from fecolumnist

A Piece of Cake. A Royal One  Thoughreddit
Copyright Listia
It is true and it did happen just a few days ago: Julian's Auction Beverly Hills has put up for auction a slice of Prince William and Duchess Catherine's 2011 wedding fruit cake.
The cake had no less than eight layers and was made by Fiona Cairns, who spent five weeks producing and three days assembling the cake inside Buckingham Palace in London. As it goes, fruit cakes are only getting better with time, in fact William and Kate kept the top three layers of their wedding cake and served it in October 2013, at the Christening of their first child, Prince George.
Copyright Listia
The slice of royal fruit cake had an opening bid of $500. Martin Nolan, executive director at Julien's, didn't expect it to go for more than $2000.
What is your guess for the final price of this piece of cake?
Copyright Listia
Well, the final price was $7,500 and the happy owner of the royally priced piece of cake is Gee Chuang, chief executive of the Silicon Valley startup Listia. Eric Davidson, Listia's PR/Communications Manager, told me that Listia intends to use the item bought at the auction as part of the company promotion in April 2015, on the royal couple's fourth wedding anniversary.
"Listia is a unique marketplace", said Davidson, "and we want to underline this by bringing on our market unique items. We are very different than other online marketplaces because we also provide a forum for the buyers and sellers to interact, exchange opinions, and tell stories about the items they sell. We also do not use any money in our transactions, we have Listia credits." Davidson says that Listia will "sell" the item for Listia credits during the company's promotional campaign.
The auctioned royal cake slice is accompanied by an authentic invitation to the 2011 wedding of Prince William and Dutchess Catherine.
Copyright Listia
Prince William and Duchess Catherine of Cambridge visited also a SportsAid workshop at the GSK Human Performance Laboratory. As part of their East Coast U.S. Tour, the royal couple met with President Obama and Hillary Clinton, and attended a Brooklyn Nets game and visited The Door, a service provider for disadvantaged people, located in the Village.
Ethics Disclosure: I do not accept to write about anything, unless it touches me in a meaningful way, awakening my creativity and sense of purpose. This is what I intend to exchange with my readers and followers. I have no affiliation with any of the people or businesses mentioned in this article.
Follow Cosmin Gheorghe on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CulturesWise
More:

Mexico sets rules for historic oil tenderMexico sets rules for historic oil tender
Jude Webber in Mexico City
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28791dd0-8181-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK spy chiefs asked for CIA report deletionsUK spy chiefs asked for CIA report deletions
Kiran Stacey, Political Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2921a12a-8164-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Commodity price falls hit Anglo AmericanAnglo American set to miss target as commodity prices fall
James Wilson, Mining Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b2bd0ea8-7fa0-11e4-b4f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anglo American behind $100m platinum fundAnglo American behind $100m platinum fund
James Wilson, Mining correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6451a51c-7163-11e4-b178-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

5 Reasons Housing May Be Headed for Troublereddit
The housing market has been on a roll recently, with some markets even recovering to their peak 2006 levels. That sounds good, until you remember what 2006 was like. In retrospect, it seems clear that those prices were overly inflated by a boom mentality. Can the same be said for the housing market now?
So far, home prices have been rising at a more measured pace than they were back in the frenzy of the housing boom. Still, there are at least five reasons to be cautious about the housing market.
1. The Fed is no longer keeping mortgage rates down
Quantitative easing is over. While the Federal Reserve is still keeping short-term interest rates near zero, it has discontinued the monthly bond purchases that were designed to push longer-term rates down. This was an important influence in getting mortgage rates to record lows.
So far, mortgage rates have been surprisingly stable, but without the Fed actively keeping them lower, there is no reason why normal market forces could not quickly send them higher -- especially if there is a whiff of inflation somewhere along the line.
2. Prices have been rising for more than two years now
According to the S&P/Case-Shiller U.S. National Home Price Index, the housing market bottomed out in February 2012 and has been rising ever since. The good news is that prices still are not as high as they were in 2006, nor has the rise been as steep. However, the closer prices get to those levels, the more you have to ask what would make them sustainable now if they were not sustainable then.
3. Some loan limitations are being softened
The Federal Housing Finance Agency recently announced that it would allow Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to back mortgages with down payments as low as 3 percent.
After the epidemic of irresponsible lending that went on during the housing boom, the government tightened loan standards. Higher down payment requirements made sure borrowers were more fit to meet their obligations, and would not be as exposed to fluctuations in home prices. By facilitating more low-down payment loans, the government is backing away from these cautionary measures.
4. A key banking safeguard has been eroded
Separately, federal regulators also announced they were easing a requirement that banks had to keep at least a 5 percent stake in mortgage loans they made. Risk retention requirements made sure banks had an incentive to make responsible loans. By letting banks completely sell off the risk in the form of securities, banks can free themselves of any ongoing responsibility for the loans they make.
5. Default rates are creeping back up
Mortgage defaults have slowed considerably over the past five years, but most recently they have risen for three straight months. They are still low, and it is too early to tell whether this change is a temporary blip or a true turning point. However, this is a trend worth watching.
The best way you can protect yourself from a setback in the housing market is to base your purchase decisions on what your income can readily afford, and not on the assumption that prices will keep rising. After all, buying a home means putting a roof over your head, and that should not be a speculative investment.
Also by Richard Barrington:

Hearst aims to maintain founders innovationHearst aims to maintain innovative tradition of founder
By Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/512aaaf8-5fb9-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Germany drops opposition to Canada dealGermany drops opposition to EU trade deal with Canada
Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin and Shawn Donnan in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e211340e-7659-11e4-a704-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RIP  Michel du Cille: Photojournalist. Storyteller. Visual genius.By Michael Cavna December 11, 2014 Follow @comicriffs
Painting by Michael Cavna (based on a TWP photo by Julia Ewan).
 
IT IS RARE to work with a visual genius. An artist with an unerring and singular eye.
It is rarer to know one who has a gift and passion for journalistic storytelling.
And it is more extraordinary still to meet such a visual journalist who also works from a place of boundless courage and profound compassion.
The Post was blessed with such an artist. His name was Michelangelo.
He went by “Michel,” for short. Michel du Cille. A Jamaican-born son of a minister. A man for whom photography seemed positively spiritual. He shot from the soul.
Michel, our dear colleague and friend, died on Thursday in Liberia, where he had returned to cover the Ebola crisis for The Post. He collapsed while traveling by foot. He was 58.
His loved ones include his wife, Post photographer Nikki Kahn, who is also in The Post family’s thoughts and prayers at this staggering time.
Michel, a three-time Pulitzer Prize winner for his coverage of a Colombian volcano eruption and a Miami crackhouse and Walter Reed Army Medical Center conditions — he also guided The Post’s Pulitzer-winning photographic coverage of the 2010 Haitian earthquake  — was known for focusing his humanity on a subject before he even lifted a lens.
It was an honor beyond words, Michel. Thank you for seeing, and sharing, the world through the light of dignity.
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

How you can return your health cover: Know morePositive sentiments help insurance turn a new leaf
Irda, through an amendment to the Health Insurance Regulations, 2013, has sought to bring more clarity to the concept of free-look period for such policies.
All new individual health insurance policies will now have a 15-day free-look period from the date of receipt. The policyholder can review the terms and conditions of the cover during this period and return the policy if it doesn’t suit his requirements. The free-look period will, however, not be applicable to individual health insurance policies with a tenure of less than a year.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has said that if the insured has not made any claim during the free-look period, he will be entitled to a refund of the premium paid minus the expenses incurred by the insurer on medical examination and stamp duty charges.
If the risk has already commenced and the policyholder wants to return the policy, the insurer will deduct the proportionate risk premium for the period of the cover. Where only a part of the risk has commenced, such proportionate risk premium with the risk cover will be deducted.
For unit-linked health insurance policies, in addition to the three deductions — medical examination expenses, stamp duty charges and risk premium — the insurer will repurchase the unit at the price as on the date of return of the policy.
In May last year, Irda had introduced the concept of free-look in health insurance and the amendments to the guidelines have brought in more clarity on the time period and deductions.
The cost of any pre-insurance medical examination generally forms part of the expenses allowed in arriving at the premium. However,
in case of products with term of one year and less, half of the cost is borne by the insurer once the proposal is accepted, except in travel insurance where these are not reimbursed. Insurers provide a list of hospitals and fees charged for pre-insurance medical examination and the report has to be from those hospitals only.
The regulator has clarified that cumulative bonus may not be allowed on benefit-based policies, except for personal accident cover. Defined benefit-based policies or hospital cash plans pay on the number of days the insured is hospitalised. On the other hand, indemnity-based plans pay the actual expenses on submission of original papers, subject to terms and conditions of the policy.
No-claim bonus, or cumulative bonus, is given by the insurance company to a policyholder in a particular year if there is no claim and is done by increasing the sum insured.
The amendments also mention that insurers will provide coverage to non-allopathic treatments. However, such treatments will have to be undertaken in a government hospital or in any other institute recognised by government or those accredited by Quality Council of India/National Accreditation Board on Health.
In 2002, Irda had come out with the concept of free-look period that allowed a customer buying a new life insurance cover to review the policy within 15 days from receipt of the document. If a customer feels that the new life or health insurance policy does not include all clauses promised at the time of sale, he can return it within two weeks.
The insurer will have to return the premium paid after deducting proportionate risk premium for the period of cover and certain other costs pertaining to stamp duty and medical examination of the proposer.
Experts say once a customer has paid the money for the insurance cover, he should call up the helpline number to find out the date of dispatch of the policy. If he wants to cancel the policy during the free-look period, the policyholder needs to fill out the free-look period cancellation form and send it to the insurance company along with the original policy document. Insurance experts says insurers’ customer care department calls up every customer after a policy is dispatched to ensure that he/she understands the fine print and is fully satisfied with policy details.
New customers of either health or life insurance must ensure that the coverage amount, policy specifications and other riders are clearly mentioned in the document. For a health insurance policy, it is essential to check for exclusions of certain ailments.
Insurance companies only accept written requests for cancelling or making changes to a policy. It’s important to keep documentary proof handy for any dispute in future. Analysts say getting back the premium after some deduction is a better option than carrying on with a policy that does not meet your requirements.
LOOK BEFORE YOU LEAP
* If the insured has not made any claim during the free-look period, he will be entitled to a refund of the premium paid minus the expenses incurred by the insurer on medical examination and stamp duty charges
* If the risk has already commenced and the policyholder wants to return the policy, the insurer will deduct the proportionate risk premium for the period of the cover
* Where only a part of the risk has commenced, such proportionate risk premium with the risk cover will be deducted
* For unit-linked health insurance policies, in addition to the three deductions — medical examination expenses, stamp duty charges and risk premium — the insurer will repurchase the unit at the price as on the date of return of the policy
* Cumulative bonus may not be allowed on benefit-based policies, except for personal accident cover
Post Comments
More from personalfinance

US lawmakers in narrow $1tn spending dealUS lawmakers in narrow $1tn spending deal
Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f9b0d32-81ae-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India thrash Belgium  enter Champions Trophy semisView Photo
India came back from two goals down to win 4-2 against Belgium in the quarter-fi …
Belgium had the psychological advantage going into their Champions Trophy quarterfinal match against hosts India having beaten the Sardar Singh-led side twice earlier this year – first 3-2 at the Hockey World League Final Round in New Delhi and then 2-1 at the World Cup in The Hague, Netherlands.
The 9th ranked Indians, who pulled off a stirring 3-2 win over 2nd ranked Netherlands in their final league tie, were hardly bothered by such statistics as they dished out an exhilarating brand of hockey to prevail over the 4th ranked Belgium side 4-2 to reach the semi-final of the Champions Trophy.
The Red Lions, who had maintained a clean slate in the league phase, did not take much time to hit the right chord, forcing their first penalty corner in the 10th minute, which resulted in a short corner after the onrushing Vokkaliga Raghunath denied them the opportunity to shoot at goal.
The noisy Kalinga Stadium crowd were subdued when Felix Denayer drilled home his drag-flick to PR Sreejesh’s right. India mounted raids from the right flank but Dharamvir Singh was denied twice by Belgium goalie Vincent Vanasch. Belgium seemed to seize the initiative when Sebastian Dockier made it 2-0 in the 18th minute, beating Sreejesh all ends up.
India woke up after conceding two goals
Trailing 0-2, India dug deep into their reserves and forced their first penalty corner – Rupinder Pal Singh fired home the set-piece to herald his team’s fightback. India were egged on by a boisterous crowd and evened the score when SK Uthappa scored in the 27th minute, tapping home a superb slide slap from Raghunath as both teams went into the half-time break with the scoreline reading 2 – 2.
Belgium gave the Indian defence a torrid time in the early stages of the third quarter and could have taken the lead again, but Florent van Aubel missed a sitter. The European side enjoyed numerical superiority as both Birendra Lakra and Rupinder Pal Singh were green-carded, but could not take advantage of it.
Undaunted by the Belgium belligerence, India pulled ahead for the first time when Akashdeep Singh slotted home after Vanasch thwarted an attempt from SV Sunil after Ramandeep Singh set it up from the baseline.
India virtually sealed the victory when Dharamvir Singh reaped the benefits of a quick counter-attack after Belgium were denied from scoring off their fourth penalty corner.
India could have been made to pay for Rupinder’s recklessness in the closing stages when he got a yellow card for his second green card of the match, but the Belgians could not inflict any damage to the 10 men.
India held firm to close out a memorable 4-2 win, to set up a mouth-watering semi-final clash with arch-rivals Pakistan on Saturday. Australia play Germany in the other semifinal.
Originally published on Sportskeeda.com here

Canvas Tab P666 review: Micromax s iron fistTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
Micromax’s new Canvas Tab could be the white knight for the company at least when it comes to their tablet business. And the knight is packing an iron fist this time in the form of an Intel 1.2 GHz dual-core Intel Atom Processor Z2520 (4 threads, 1 MB Cache) coupled with 1 GB of RAM.
The P666 is the first tablet from Micromax to have an Intel processor and here is what the tablet has to offer to the consumers.
Design and colour: The P666 is simple yet elegant when it comes to the looks. The sides of the tablet have a metal body while the rest is modified plastic. There is a Micromax logo at the back of the phone along with the camera. On the front there are sensors and a front camera along with the voice in speaker module at the top. Without breaking any norm for most tablets, the volume control panel and the power button is present at the tab’s left side along with the microSD and the micro-SIM slot. Also, there is a 3.5 mm jack for sound output at the top. The tab comes with a back sticker which explains to the user how to insert the new SIM or memory card. The tab, which weighs 310 grams and is 7.5 mm thin, is available only in two colours —white and black.
Display, sound and camera: The P666 sports an 8-inch IPS display with a WXGA (1200 x 800 pixels) resolution supported by 16 million colours. The screen also supports optimum brightness for videos. When it comes to sound, the P666 has better sound than any other tablet from its family. It is loud and when used with good-quality sound devices, the output quality is good. As in any tablet, the camera is not the P666’s strong suite. It sports a 5-megapixel back camera with no flash. The back camera can take good pictures in good light conditions. The front camera is a modest 2-megapixel which is not perfect for selfies or groupies but works well for all video chats.
Hardware and performance: This is definitely the P666’s strong suite. The tab as mentioned earlier sports a 1.2 GHz dual-core Intel Atom Z2520 processor which doles out a speedy performance coupled with 1 GB of RAM. No lags were noticed when the tab was running many applications at the same time but sometimes when heavy apps are run together, the tab takes time to respond. The tablet also gave a good gaming experience. The P666 comes with an internal storage of 8 GB with the Android 4.4.2 out-of-the-box installed. It is also backed by a 4400mAh battery that is rated to deliver up to 325 hours of standby time.
Operating system, apps and connectivity: The P666 comes with Android 4.4.2 pre-installed and also with a flurry of pre-installed apps like TrueCaller, Dr Safety, Cleanmate, SwiftKey, BookmyShow and hike. There is Java support for the phone and flash content is also supported by the browser. It also comes with Micromax’s home apps like MSecurity, MInsurance and MPick. The P666 also includes a lot of small casual games in the pre-installed bundle. When it comes to connectivity, the tablet supports 3G along with Wi-Fi.
Verdict: Micromax has been dominating the domestic market when it comes to Indian smartphone/tablet makers and the P666 is the perfect
device that can take up the firm’s fame to a new level but it faces severe competition from other manufactures. It is simple, elegant, easy to use, competitive but its price seems a tad heavy than expected.
* Estimated street price: Rs 10,999
Post Comments
More from industry

Trestor to bring Bitcoin-like digital currency in IndiaTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
Trestor Foundation, a non-profit private organisation, is looking forward to enter the digital currency market in India. It enables digital money along with a complete new payment and market system. Trestor aims to help under-developed and developing countries uplift their economies.
The Trestor Network or T-Net, is a decentralized peer-to-peer payment network that is powered by its users with no central authority or middlemen.
From a consumer perspective, T- Net is a computer program or mobile app that provides a personal digital wallet that allows a user to send and receive Trests with them. “Using Trests is as simple as using email or WhatsApp. Beyond this, the users are benefited with facilities such as; faster and cost efficient to transfer, Trests can be transferred at minimum (close to zero) fees. They can be easily sent to anyone, anywhere in the world without paying up to 55 – 60 % transaction fees,” said Kunal Dixit, Founder, Trestor Foundation.
Like Bitcoin:
T-Net is an open source, peer-to-peer network
T-Net transactions are irreversible, sent over the Internet, and counterfeit proof
T-Net uses an advanced form of the same underlying cryptography as Bitcoin
T-Net nodes can be run by anyone
Unlike Bitcoin:
T-Net transactions are fully confirmed in seconds (Bitcoin takes ~ 10 mins)
T-Net allows usernames for accounts (Bitcoin has long 26-35 digit alphanumeric addresses, these are impossible to memorize)
T-Net solves the double spending problem with consensus instead of proof-of-work (which is used by Bitcoin)
Consensus is the process by which the entire network agrees on the same Ledger. It is what keeps everybody on the same page.
Valuation:
“Trests are short for Trestor Donation Receipts (TDRs). Instead of issuing paper receipts to our donors, we issue electronic receipts aka ‘Trests’.  On the date of launch, January 5, 2015, the price of 1 Trest would be equivalent to 1 US cent. That is, you can buy about 160 Trests with a 100 Rupee note. The price would then change depending upon relative demand and supply,” said Dixit.
Trest have properties resulting from the system’s design that allows them to be subjectively valued by individuals. This valuation is demonstrated when individuals freely exchange Trests over the exchanges. Trestor Foundation has a mandate to keep the market for Trests deep and liquid, this helps in price stability. Trestor Foundation is the buyer of last resort in case of a market selloff; it is a seller if the market gets too heated, added Dixit.
Is it a digital bank?
“Trestor is neither a ‘brick and mortar’ nor a ‘digital’ bank because we are not a deposit taking institution. If a donor donates money to Trestor, she will receive ‘Trests’ i.e. our donation receipts; In exchange, the ownership of the donated capital shifts from her to Trestor Foundation. Her ‘Trests’ carry a certain market value, she can choose to either keep them or exchange them for Rupees over any of the major cryptocurrency exchanges,” said Dixit.
Revenue model:
“As a non-profit our priorities are towards fulfilling our mission ie. to create the most efficient Money, Payment and Market system for the world. Therefore there are no transaction fees for making any transaction over T-Net. We would be launching many other exciting products in 1st quarter of 2015, all of those would be free to use, we would not be charging for any other additional services / product development. Just like Wikipedia and Mozilla Foundation, a part of our donation capital would help us take care of our operating expenses and rest would be utilized to further our mission,” said Dixit.
T-Net goes live on January 5, 2015. Users can download the app on their smartphone or computer.
Post Comments
More from industry

Corning claims Gorilla Glass 4 twice as tough as any other glass in marketTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
Corning Incorporated on Thursday announced the introduction of Corning Gorilla Glass 4 to India’s consumer electronics market. Corning claims its product is up to two times tougher than any competitive cover glass design now in the market.
Amit Bansal, president, Corning Technologies, India, said the company was is constant touch with Indian OEMs to understand their requirements. “It is one of the fastest growing consumer electronics markets in the world and it therefore makes perfect sense to equip manufactures here with the very best in cover glass technology,” he added.
James Hollis, director, Sales and Engineering, Gorilla Glass, Specialty Materials  said the Corning Glass 4 had significantly improved damage resistance. He claimed it out performs all existing glass for sharp contact damage.Hollis said their data showed that most damage was caused to glass by drops on asphalt and not smooth surfaces.
The company claims Gorilla Glass 4 survives up to 80% of the time Soda-lime glass, as deployed in today’s commercial devices, breaks nearly 100% of the time. Gorilla Glass 4 is manufactured using Corning’s proprietary fusion draw process and maintains the thinness, durability, and optical clarity.
Post Comments
More from industry

Financials to lead FY16 downgrade in Sensex earningsStreet sees good show after stellar year
The Indian equity market may extend its strong momentum in 2015 even as fund flow from sovereign wealth funds slows down, says Neelkanth Mishra, managing director and head of India Equity Strategy, Credit Suisse. In an interaction with Devangi Gandhi, Mishra points out that the FY16 downgrade in Sensex earnings will be led by financials, given that stock prices are not reflecting risks associated with lending to sectors like metals and steel producers.
Why do you think India may emerge as the ‘island of  stability’?
Over the past six months, deflationary concerns have risen in several markets. Some of the decline in commodity prices is being ascribed to a supply response, but there is clearly a demand issue as well. Chinese growth is significantly over-reported; so, if one adjusts for this factor, the global growth looks worse. Real global GDP growth in CY14 stayed anaemic, and 2015 is expected to be only marginally better.  India, however, stands out as a rare economy with relatively strong growth — the growth gap between India and the world is expected to widen.
What about the impact of global slowdown and sharp fall in commodity prices, including that of crude oil?
The consensus view of lower commodity prices being a boon for India is perhaps directionally appropriate, but it overstates the advantages as the economic impact is likely to be only neutral-to-slightly-positive. We believe balance of payments surplus is unlikely to be higher than the $40-45 billion as  weaker exports and capital flows would offset the gains from cheap oil. First-order impact on inflation would be insignificant given that imported commodities are an insignificant part of CPI inflation — petrol and diesel together have a 2% weight in the index. Even second-order effects could get muted by the recovering economy.  The markets are much more linked to the world than the economy, given that 56% of Nifty revenues are not in INR, and of the rest, a large proportion comes from banks that lend to the first set.
Can it impact FII flows?
Given that a number of oil producing countries are big exporters of capital, these flows to India may slow down. We estimate that sovereign wealth funds backed by such countries have been investing $8-10 billion into India each year. The overall FII flows into the Indian market could come down from an average $20 billion in the last three years to about $10 billion next year.
This slowdown could be countered by investors exiting emerging market funds to put in money in India funds, which is a trend that has already started. Currently, though India’s weight in the emerging market basket has increased, it is more performance-linked — India has done well, but others have not. But the re-allocation from the funds that are under-invested — the eventual savers like pension funds, insurance funds, and Sovereign Wealth Funds — is unlikely to be rapid. They are much more considered in allocations, and even after they have committed, it would take them time to deploy the capital. They don’t move just because the market’s done well for one year. So, at least in the near term, the moderation of savings in commodity exporters will likely hurt equity flows into India.
What about the expected monetary easing by Japan and the euro zone?
If the Japanese central bank was to print more money, is it necessary that flows in India will go up? I don’t think so, because a lot of it can possibly go into de-leveraging. Even if a country doubles the quantitative easing — the primary money supply — if the money multiplier shrinks, then the eventual money available may not be that much. There are also multiple decision-points in between, at which funds can be diverted to various assets and countries. Therefore, it is wrong to correlate money printing directly to fund flows to India. But I think what it does impact is valuations: You can assume lower interest rates for a considerable time period while QE is happening. As a result, the propensity to still be invested in equities that are seemingly expensive but have higher growth opportunity would improve during QE. I am not correlating it to flows, but pricing expectations. Moreover, FII flows are not very strongly correlated with equity returns. So, I wouldn’t stress too much on flows.
The expectations on interest cuts are mounting.
What impact could, say a 50 bps cut, have on the financial health of Indian companies?
Even if there is a cut of 50 bps, on a base of 8% this translates into a 6% reduction in interest cost, assuming that this reduction is passed on. The interest coverage ratio of companies that account for one-third of loans in the system, is less than one, this decline will not make much difference, except for a handful. This is also because there are changes happening even at the Ebit level, i.e., their profits are shrinking as well. In case of metal producers, there has been a steep fall in metal prices globally, and a lot of steel companies are going to face stress, given that all of them have debt-to-Ebit ratio of five to six times. Even for smaller ones, the loans have just been restructured — very few have had loans written-off. In power plants, the restructuring can continue till the time the plants are not viable, given that there is a growing demand. However, in case of metal companies, the supply at such prices may not be viable.
These risks are not reflected in valuations of some the banks as people expect credit costs to come down, which I doubt. Earnings downgrades are likely because the consensus numbers for FY16 for financials are too high. So, most part of earnings cut (3-4%) on Sensex EPS will come from financials, materials and industrials, in our view.
Devangi Gandhi
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Microsoft  jokes over© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/3159abfa-7b0e-11e4-87d4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China charges Microsoft $140m in back taxChina charges Microsoft $140m for tax ‘evasion’
Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db5b55e6-752c-11e4-b1bf-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ultra-thin Oppo R5 smartphone coming to India soon  price expected to be Rs 25KRs 30KTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
Oppo India, a leading global technology brand with presence in North America, Europe and Asia, today announced that their latest from the R series – the Oppo R5 – will hit the stores this month. Oppo had unveiled the R5 on October 29 in Singapore. The smartphone is expected to be priced in the range of Rs. 25,000 – Rs. 30,000.
Oppo R5 is packed with flagship specifications in an ultra-thin body, which measures at just 4.85 mm, one of the thinnest phones in the world. In addition to the smartphone’s thickness, another major highlight of the phone is the adoption of higher-strength stainless steel in place of the commonly used aluminum alloy to make its unique micro-arc frame.
Oppo R5 specifications

India faces uphill task on final dayMore
Lyon and Warner put Aussies in driving seat against India
1st Test, Day 4 — Nathan Lyon grabs sixth five-wicket haul. David Warner smashes another hundred in Adelaide. Australia lead by 363 runs. India face uphill task on final day.
By George Binoy | ESPNcricinfo –  Fri 12 Dec, 2014 1:06 PM IST
Tweet
0
Warner and Kohli exchange words in Adelaide.Australia 7 for 517 dec and 5 for 290 (Warner 102, Smith 52*) lead India 444 (Kohli 115, Lyon 5-134) by 363 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Australia had a near-perfect day in their endeavour to be in a position to push hard for victory on Saturday in Adelaide. Offspinner Nathan Lyon used the considerable bounce in the pitch to hasten the end of the Indian innings during an extended first session, securing a 73-run lead for his side, after which David Warner scored a second hundred in the Test - for the second time in 2014 - to help stretch that advantage to 363 at stumps.
Another overnight declaration is inevitable, which means India will have at least 98 overs to survive if they are to leave for Brisbane with the series still level. One day of batting might not seem improbable, but the last time India batted at least that many overs in the final innings of an away Test was at Lord's in 2002, a match they still lost. Before that, it was in Colombo in 1997, and then in Adelaide in 1992. Such is the magnitude of the task ahead of Virat Kohli's men.
That Australia had so much time to try to force a win in this most emotional of Tests, despite losing most of the second day to rain, was down to Lyon and Warner. Lyon claimed three of the last five wickets to become only the second Australian spinner to take a five-for at home against India, after Bob Simpson in 1968.
India had resumed on 5 for 369, and Rohit Sharma and Wriddhiman Saha had survived opening spells from Ryan Harris and Mitchell Johnson without much trouble. Michael Clarke made his bowling changes after the first half hour and wickets came quickly. Rohit had just stepped out to loft Lyon for a boundary over mid-on, but when he advanced again next ball he wasn't to the pitch of it and chipped a return catch. India's tail was exposed early.
Peter Siddle was unwell and expensive on the third day but his pace was up on Friday and he swiftly breached the debutant Karn Sharma's defences. And had Siddle not dropped Mohammed Shami off Lyon on the deep midwicket boundary, Australia would have been batting sooner.
Though he had Saha for company, Shami slogged with abandon. His initial approach was questionable, but it brought valuable runs after Saha's dismissal - caught at slip off bat and pad, though replays indicated the decision was also questionable. Two balls later Lyon had Ishant at bat-pad to complete his five.
India's last wicket added 22 as Shami slogged between deep square leg and long-on. Siddle eventually found the toe end of his bat, and Shane Watson took a low catch at first slip to end the innings on 444.
Warner then got cracking. Not in the 45 minutes before lunch, when he was sussing how different batting conditions were from the first innings, but after the break, when he laid into India's specialist spinner and part-timer. He lofted Karn Sharma and M Vijay repeatedly over their heads, slapped through cover when their lengths were short, and reverse swept too. He hit Australia's first six of the Test - a towering blow over midwicket off Vijay.
Warner brought up his half-century off 63 balls, and then stopped by Phillip Hughes ' final score of 63 for the second time in the match. With his spinners proving ineffective - their ends had been swapped immediately after Karn dismissed Chris Rogers - Virat Kohli turned to Ishant Sharma but Watson glanced and flicked leg-side offerings to the boundary.
Varun Aaron had not been used until the 32nd over - presumably to keep fresh for any reverse swing - and in his second over he bowled Warner. The contest heated up instantly. Aaron and Kohli celebrated aggressively, but replays revealed a no-ball. Warner returned the cries of "come on," more than once as he returned to the pitch, and a ball later there were confrontations involving several Indians and the batsmen. The umpires intervened and Kohli had to calm his own emotions to rein in his players.
Aaron revved it up, but a bouncer deflected off Watson for four leg byes, a leg-side wide went to the boundary, and the batsman flicked to the midwicket boundary off consecutive deliveries.
At tea, with Australia ahead by 212 and a host of aggressive batsmen to follow Warner and Watson, a declaration before stumps seemed likely. But Watson and Clarke fell in quick succession and Warner slowed down. His second 50 took 91 deliveries and Warner celebrated the landmark with his customary leap and a gaze up at the skies.
There was another flashpoint soon after. Steven Smith reacted to an absurd appeal, prompting the bowler Rohit to exclaim, "What? What?" Several exchanges were made between players and there was a long conversation between Kohli and umpire Ian Gould.
There was no aggression in India's cricket, though, as Smith and Mitchell Marsh clobbered the bowling in the last half hour of the day. Marsh clubbed 40 off 26 balls and Smith was unbeaten on 52 at stumps. It is unlikely Australia will bat on Saturday.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Kotak Securities: Positive outlook on the ICICI Bank stockStreet sees good show after stellar year
Our recent interaction with the management of ICICI Bank reinforces our positive outlook on the stock. We believe management’s focus on stable growth with improving structural profitability is likely to continue.
ICICI Bank has continued to demonstrate its prowess in improving ALM, maintaining robust liability franchise, managing asset quality risk along with conserving capital.
Retail segment has continued to show healthy growth while SME and domestic corporate books have seen calibrated growth. Its asset quality has stabilized; fresh loan impairments have also remained within the management’s guidance.
At CMP, stock trades at reasonable valuation (1.7x FY16E ABV), after stripping the value for subsidiaries. We have marginally revised earnings upward for FY15/16E along with assigning higher multiples for its core business as well as subsidiaries on improving macros.
We reiterate BUY on the stock with revised TP of Rs.390 (Rs.364) using SOTP method, where the value of its standalone business comes to Rs.314 (2.0x FY16E ABV) and the value of subsidiaries at Rs.76 (holding company discount: 20% to the fair value of its subsidiaries at Rs.94).
Saday Sinha, banking analyst, Kotak Securities
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

OnMobile shares soar 5% as stock buy-back approvedStreet sees good show after stellar year
Shares of mobile value-added solutions provider OnMobile Global soared 5 per cent to touch the highest trading permissible limit for the day after the company’s board approved a share buy-back plan.
OnMobile’s scrip jumped 4.98 per cent to Rs 72.60 — its highest trading permissible limit for the day on the BSE.
At the NSE, it gained 4.97 per cent to touch its upper circuit limit of Rs 72.90.
On the volume front, 1.68 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over 5 lakh scrips were traded at the NSE during initial trade.
In a filing to the BSE yesterday, OnMobile Global had said: “The Board of Directors of the company at its meeting have decided on buy-back of equity shares of Rs 10 each from open market through stock exchange mechanism at a price not exceeding Rs 86 per equity share payable in cash for an aggregate amount not exceeding Rs 49 crore.”
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

BSE Sensex ends 251 points lower; nearly 2 000 stocks close in red on BSEStreet sees good show after stellar year
The BSE benchmark Sensex today slumped by 251.33 points to end at 27,350.68 and logged its worst weekly drop in three years on hefty losses in oil&gas, realty and metal shares, amid continued tumble in oil prices raising concern over the strength of the global economy.
As many as 11 of the 12 sectoral indices on BSE ended in the red. Overall, nearly 2,000 stocks closed down while just about 920 scrips managed to close up.
Besides global cues and oil price falling below key USD 60/barrel mark for the first time since July 2009, caution prevailed ahead of the retail inflation and IIP data to be released after trading hours today, traders said.
The BSE Sensex, after rising to 27,692.32 in early trade, succumbed to selling pressure in blue-chips and fell to day’s low of 27,320.05. It settled at a fresh six-week low of 27,350.68, down 251.33 points, or 0.91 per cent.
The index has dropped by a whopping 1104 points in the past week, its worst show since December 2011, during which it fell in four of five trading sessions.
The 50-share NSE index Nifty also plunged 68.80 points, or 0.83 per cent, to close at 8,224.10 after shuttling between 8,216.30 and 8,321.90 intra-day.
“There was weakness across sectors, which was brought about by the global concerns. Markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations. Markets were also cautious ahead of the inflation and IIP data scheduled post-market,” said Dipen Shah, Head- PCG Research, Kotak Securities.
Sectorally, BSE Oil & Gas index suffered the most by falling 2.63 per cent. GAIL, ONGC, Cairn fell between 2.5-4.6 per cent. RIL, IOC and HPCL fell in 1.5-2.5 per cent range.
In other BSE sectoral indices, Realty index fell 2.47 per cent, Consumer Durables by 2.28 per cent, Capital Goods by 2 per cent and Metal 1.45 per cent among others.
In the 30-share Sensex pack, as many as 23 stocks closed down. Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, BHEL, Bajaj Auto, L&T and HDFC were among big laggards. However, gains in Infosys, Maruti Suzuki and Sun Pharma cushioned the fall.
Small-cap index shed 1.50 per cent and Mid-cap index fell by 1.28 per cent, indicating selling by retail investors.
Foreign funds continue to remain net sellers on the domestic bourses which weighed on the sentiment and added to the selling, equity brokers said. Overseas investors sold shares worth net Rs 808.27 crores yesterday.
Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities
Markets closed the week with losses of about 3-4% on the benchmarks. There was weakness across sectors, which was brought about by the global concerns. Markets are concerned about a global slowdown, as reflected in demand from major oil producing organisations. Markets were also cautious ahead of the inflation and IIP data scheduled post-market. According to media sources, GST bill will now be taken up in the next session of the Parliament. Fiscal reform in and outside the budget will be a major determinant of the market’s movement over the next few weeks and months. Economic growth as well as interest rate movements will be determined by what measures are taken by the Government to put the economy on a high growth path. Globally, developments in China and EU hold the key for the global markets, including India.
View on Rupee
Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research
2014 remains a volatile year for the rupee exchange rate, despite some significant recovery in India’s current account deficit. With an expected rise in US interest rate regime, there is a high probability of a significant decline in demand for rupee from FIIs in the short run, leading to further depreciation. In this context, the RBI’s decision to not cut rates may help reduce the volatility in exchange rate until India regains its position as a lucrative investment destination.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Saradha scam: CBI arrests WB Transport Minister Madan MitraSaradha scam: CBI arrests WB Transport Minister Madan Mitra
BS Reporters | Kolkata Dec 13, 2014 12:45 AM IST
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra, a close aide of Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), for his alleged links to the Saradha chit fund scam, after an interrogation that lasted a few hours on Friday.
The setting in the morning was dramatic when Mitra reached the CBI office at 10:55 am, five minutes ahead of time. The CGO complex of the investigative agency in Salt Lake was teeming with policemen. Four of the five gates were closed, and bore a sign saying ‘all gates closed due to administrative reason’. The move was in anticipation of a ruckus by the minister’s followers.
Mitra was asked to appear before the CBI on Thursday but had sought a day’s time. It is understood he refused to answer several questions posed by the agency which precipitated the arrest, on prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy, cheating and misappropriation, as well as deriving undue financial benefits from the Saradha group. The CBI also arrested Naresh Bhalotia, legal advisor of Sudipta Sen and Saradha group, on Friday, on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds.
Chief Minister Banerjee condemned the arrest. “The  Trinamool Congress will hit the streets tomorrow (Saturday) in protest against the arrest. This is a dangerous and disastrous game. This is undemocratic, unethical and unconstitutional,” she told mediapersons.
Mitra had been served summons by the CBI last month. However, he evaded questioning on health grounds.
Mitra broke down after his arrest on Friday. “I heard he has been taken to SSKM hospital. I will go to SSKM to meet Madan Mitra. I dare Narendra Modi and Amit Shah to arrest me," Banerjee said.
Asked if the minister would resign, Banerjee said, “Out of courtesy, Mitra had submitted his resignation, but I will extend courtesy and not accept it. He continues as transport minister. This is a challenge from the central government. We are accepting the challenge. A new battle has begun. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will bite the dust in the coming elections. We do not seek power. We are ready to support any party which wants to fight against the BJP,” she said.
Mitra's name had cropped up after CBI interrogated his former aide, Bapi Karim, immediately after the agency took charge of the investigation. Among many other allegations, Mitra headed Saradha's employee union.
A video footage of Mitra started doing the rounds after the Saradha scam came to light. In the footage he was seen addressing depositors at a Saradha function dated July 29, 2009. “I am thankful to Sudipta Sen. He has proved himself by spreading his empire outside Bengal. I am proud the Saradha group has its roots in Bankura's Bishnupur, from where I have been elected to the Assembly," he was heard saying.
In May 2014, the Supreme Court had directed the CBI to probe the operations of deposit-taking firms, including Saradha. The apex court also wanted the agency to looking into the “larger conspiracy” angle.
Apart from Mitra, the other people with direct TMC links who have been arrested by the CBI are Srinjoy Bose, an MP and a former director general of the West Bengal police, Rajat Majumdar, and suspended MP Kunal Ghosh.
Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee had earlier given Mitra, Bose and Ghosh a clean chit last year when she sarcastically directed a question to rival CPI(M): “Kunal chor, Tumpai (Srinjoy) chor, Mukul (Roy) chor, ami chor, aar apnara sobai sadhu? (Kunal a thief, Srinjoy a thief, Mukul a thief, I am a thief; and you are all saint?)”
On Thursday, the Opposition parties lost no time in pointing out that three of Trinamool leaders were behind bars. “When will the others join them?" asked CPI(M) leader Md Salim.
Chargesheet in Saradha Tours and Travels case:
 
Sudipta Sen, promoter, Saradha Group
 
* Debjani Mukherjee, key-aide of Sudipta Sen
* Kunal Ghosh, former TMC MP, CEO of Saradha's media wing
Chargesheet in Saradha Realty case:
* Sudipta Sen, promoter, Saradha group
 
* Debjani Mukherjee, key-aide of Sudipta Sen
* Debabrata Sarkar, East Bengal club official
* Rajat Majumder, TMC leader and former West Bengal police chief
* Sandhir Agawrwal, businessman
* Sajjan Agarwal, businessman and father of  Sandhir Agawrwal
* Sadananda Gogoi, Assamese singer

Lupin: New product launches to drive earnings  upgradesLupin: New product launches to drive earnings' upgrades
Ram Prasad Sahu |  Dec 12, 2014 10:35 PM IST
Even while the broader indices were down, Lupin’s stock extended its gain for two trading sessions on launch of the anti-inflammatory Celebrex drug in the US. Lupin is one of the four generic players in the US for the drug, which has annual sales of $2.5 billion. Analysts at Motilal Oswal Securities (MOSL) expect the company to gain a market share of 15-20 per cent and believe staggered launch of the product by new generic players would mean a lucrative opportunity. They peg  sales from the product in the first year to touch $75 million and expect the company to generate net profits of $23-$25 million over next year, adding two to three per cent to earnings per share in FY16/FY17.
In addition to the near-term trigger of Celebrex, the company had launched eight products so far in FY15. It also has a robust pipeline of 200 cumulative Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) filings with the US FDA, of which over a 100 have been approved. US formulation sales were up 21 per cent over a year to $202 million (Rs 1,271 crore) in the September quarter and analysts expect a similar trajectory (20-25 per cent y-o-y growth) for sales in the US over three years. The triggers for the strong growth, according to MOSL analysts, are scaling up of niche portfolios like oral contraceptives and ophthalmology and low competition products such as Renagel (kidney disease), Welchol (anti-cholesterol) among others. In fact, launches can potentially lead to an earnings upgrade by analysts. The US is the largest market for the company, generating revenues of 44 per cent.
The India business is also expected to add to the company's top line. Lupin registered sales of Rs 1,560 crore in the first half of the current financial year in the domestic market, growing 23 per cent, is expected to maintain this momentum. For the trailing 12-month ended November, the company outperformed the sector with sales growth of 12.5 per cent versus the sector average of 10.1 per cent. The company gets 22 per cent of revenues from the Indian market.
Given the consistent performance, the stock has been re-rated and commands premium valuations. Despite premium valuations at 19 times its FY17 earnings estimates, analysts say, it is justified, given the US pipeline, scaling up of Japanese opportunity and strong top line growth in India. In addition to niche launches and base business growth, key trigger would be acquisitions in other world markets.

China economy hit by Apec-blue air push© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d9a6cb8-81e0-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India on alert after oil spill in SundarbansIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Authorities on India’s eastern coast are on alert after a tanker and another vessel collided, spilling more than 350,000 litres of furnace oil into the waters of the Sundarban tidal mangrove forests in neighbouring Bangladesh.
“We are taking all precautionary measures,” Pradeep Vyas, additional director of India’s Sundarban Biosphere Reserve, told Reuters on Friday.
The Indian Coast Guard and Border Security Force are both monitoring the situation, and boats are patrolling the rivers that connect the Sundarban region, which straddles the border between India and Bangladesh, he said.
On Tuesday, an oil tanker carrying 358,000 litres of furnace oil and another vehicle crashed together. That caused the tanker to sink in the Shela river, in the Sundarbans, and spill its cargo into a complex network of rivers and canals, according to Mohammad Yunus Ali, chief conservator of forests in the Ministry of Environment and Forest.
Both Sundarbans include large swaths of protected areas that host a diverse wildlife, including threatened species such as the Bengal tiger, rare dolphins and the estuarine crocodile.
Yunus denied that the oil slick was moving towards India and said clean-up efforts were continuing. “We have been trying seriously to clean it within the quickest possible time,” he said. It was unclear when the process would be completed, he added.
Seven members of the sunken tanker’s crew managed to swim ashore, but the boat’s captain, Mokhlesur Rahman, was still missing as of Friday evening.
The Bangladesh government has filed a lawsuit against the owners of both ships.
The chief wildlife warden in the state of West Bengal told Reuters the spill had not yet had any impact on the tiger reserve territory or marine life on the Indian side of the border.
“It may happen, and if it happens we have to deal with it,” said Ujjwal Kumar Bhattacharya, the chief warden.
Post Comments
More from economy

TCS shares close 1.5% down on boursesStreet sees good show after stellar year
Shares of IT giant TCS closed 1.5 per cent down today as investors became jittery after the company said it is undertaking a performance-based workforce restructuring.
The bellwether stock lost 1.48 per cent in share price to end the day at Rs 2,455.70 on the BSE. During the day, it fell by 2.62 per cent to Rs 2,427.
At the NSE, TCS shares went down by 1.49 per cent to settle at Rs 2,455.
TCS today said it is undertaking a performance-based workforce restructuring, but it is not a “retrenchment” exercise and the company may exceed its target of hiring 55,000 new professionals this fiscal.
Without giving any specific numbers for employees to be affected by this “continuous” restructuring process, the HR head of the country’s largest software exporter said “it is not that everyone being relieved is a bad performer.”
“It is not a special process. It is a continuous process,” TCS EVP & Head – Global HR Ajoyendra Mukherjee told reporters in Bengaluru.
His comments follow reports about TCS undertaking a significant performance-related restructuring of its workforce, which may also lead to some employees being asked to leave the company.
Downplaying it as a “regular exercise”, Mukherjee also said that the company is on track to meet its gross hiring target of 55,000 employees in the current fiscal ending March 31, 2015, and may even exceed it.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Italy hit by strike against labour reformsItaly hit by general strike against labour reforms
By Rachel Sanderson in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/12482bb6-81d9-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The fight to get Fort Hood shooting victims Purple Hearts passes a hurdleBy Dan Lamothe December 12, 2014 Follow @danlamothe
Lt. Gen. Jack Stultz, and his wife, Lauralyn, pay their respects at a remembrance ceremony for the five Army Reserve Soldiers who died in the shooting at Fort Hood, Texas. The ceremony was held at the Headquarters, U.S. Army Reserve Command, Fort McPherson, Ga., on Nov. 18, 2009. (Photo by Timothy Hale/ U.S. Army)
Army Maj. Nidal M. Hasan ambushed fellow soldiers and civilians at Fort Hood, Tex., on Nov. 5, 2009, unloading more than 200 rounds of ammunition and killing 13 people. He argued later that he was waging jihad against the United States because of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and its aggression against Muslims. He offered no apology for his actions, and was sentenced to death.
Despite the horror of the shooting and Hasan’s stated intentions, the dozens of people wounded and killed in the attack have gone without an honor that might have been bestowed upon them in similar circumstances in a war zone: the Purple Heart. The medal is one of the military’s most recognizable decorations, and typically awarded for wounds in a war zone. But the Army’s criteria for the award says it can be authorized in some other scenarios, including in international terrorist attacks against the United States.
Five years after the assault at Fort Hood, the Army has declined to award any of the victims the Purple Heart. It has also declined to call the attack terrorism — a decision that has remained an emotional flashpoint with victims and their families and prevented those under fire at Fort Hood to receive combat-related benefits.
Legislation that passed in the House on Thursday could force the Pentagon into considering the case once more, however. As noted in USA Today , lawmakers led by Sen. John Cornyn (R-Tex.) included language in the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act that would require the Defense Department to review the Fort Hood case for Purple Heart recipients. The Senate is expected to vote on the legislation soon.
“As a country, we must ensure that the dead, the wounded, and the families of the victims receive the full honors and benefits bestowed upon soldiers who are wounded or killed in overseas combat zones,” the senator said in a statement . “Unfortunately, we have not yet lived up to that commitment. To date, no Purple Hearts or the civilian counterpart, the Secretary of Defense Medal for the Defense of Freedom, have been awarded to the victims. Many of the benefits associated with serving in combat zones have been similarly withheld. This is wrong, and it requires our immediate attention.”
For Cornyn and others, there is little question that the attack in Fort Hood meets the criteria for a Purple Heart. Unlike some other shooters in recent attacks on military bases, Hasan’s plan was to wound as many soldiers as possible because they were “going against the Islamic Empire,” according to testimony in his trial. Before the attack, Hasan also had communicated numerous times with Anwar al-Awlaki, a radical American-born cleric who served as one of the chief propagandists for al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, which operates from Yemen.
The administration has previously treated the Fort Hood as a “workplace violence” incident. Last year, the Pentagon said that adhering to “the criterion for award of the Purple Heart is essential to preserve the integrity of the award.”
“To do otherwise,” it said in a position paper , “could irrevocably alter the fundamental character of this time-honored decoration.”
Awarding the Purple Heart to those killed and wounded at Fort Hood would raise questions about what military benefits they deserve and haven’t received. But the Pentagon has made exceptions to its typical policies before. As outlined in this Army news release , for example, service members who were injured during the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks received the Purple Heart for actions on U.S. soil. Then-Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld announced the decision within days of the attacks, saying it was appropriate given the unprecedented nature of the attacks.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Malala bursts into tears seeing her bloodied dress; Satyarthi offers comfortCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
The sight of blood-spattered school uniform she was wearing the day the Taliban shot her, made Pakistan’s teen Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai burst into tears, prompting fellow awardee India’s Kailash Satyarthi to comfort her saying “you are so brave”.
The blue tunic, white headscarf and white trousers, stained brown by dried blood, are on display at an exhibition dedicated to the 17-year-old education campaigner and her fellow 2014 Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailash Satyarthi, which the activists jointly inaugurated in Oslo.
Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai look at her blood stained school uniform at the opening of the Nobel Peace Prize exhibition at the Nobel Peace Center in Oslo. (AP)
As she was touring the exhibition yesterday, the sight of her blood-soaked school uniform, which were displayed in a glass case, made the global teen icon burst into tears, Norwegian news agency NTB reported.
Satyarthi, 60, comforted her with a hug and a kiss on her head. “You are so brave, you are so brave,” he told her.
Honouring Malala’s own wish, the uniform has been made part of the “Nobel Peace Prize exhibition 2014 – Malala and Kailash” at Norway.
This is the first time Malala’s uniform is being shown in public.
Uniform worn by Malala Yousafzai when she was shot by the Taliban gunmen. (AP)
The uniform has been kept by Malala’s family since she was shot in the head by a Taliban gunman in October 2012.
The bullet which hit Malala in the head went through her neck and lodged in the muscle above her shoulder blade. After the shooting she was moved to Birmingham in the UK for extensive surgery.
Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai speaks at the Nobel Peace Prize Concert in Oslo. (Reuters)
On Wednesday, Malala became the youngest person ever to receive the Nobel Peace Prize.
Malala and Satyarthi were awarded the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

HC dismisses plea for action against internet firms like UberRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
The Delhi High Court today dismissed a plea seeking action against all internet companies, like Uber, which have failed to appoint a grievance officer in compliance of the court’s earlier order.
A bench of justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul dismissed as withdrawn an application filed by K N Govindacharya, saying if there is non-compliance of its order, then a contempt petition be filed.
The High Court had on August 23, last year directed internet companies to display on their website the name and contact details of a grievance officer to deal with complaints by internet users as mandated under Information Technology (Intermediaries) Rules.
The application, filed through advocate Virag Gupta, had contended that despite the August 23, 2013 order by the High Court, it has not been implemented by the Centre.
Additional Solicitor General (ASG) Sanjay Jain refuted the contention and said the Centre has from time to time issued advisories to the intermediaries to appoint a grievance officer and the Secretary, Information Technology, was not at fault as claimed by the applicant.
He also said that another advisory on similar lines will be issued soon as a measure of abundant caution.
The application had sought a direction to the Centre to prosecute all such companies, including Uber, which had failed to appoint a grievance officer.
Uber, a driver of which had allegedly raped a 27-year- old woamn in Delhi, had never appointed a grievance and was doing huge business which reflected failure of governance, the plea had said.
It had also said that more than 20 such taxi companies and thousands of other companies for various services were still operating and doing business in India without complying with various laws and orders.
Post Comments
More from companies

Steinmetz group sues UK home secretary© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6aa42b08-820a-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dip in factory output  low inflation raise rate cut callsIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
In a fresh setback, industrial production saw the sharpest contraction in three years of 4.2 per cent in October, though retail inflation dipped to 4.3 per cent, putting pressure on RBI to cut rate to boost growth.
Factory output as measured by Index of Industrial Production (IIP) declined due to contraction in manufacturing, capital goods and consumer items.
“It not only reflects slowdown in investments but also the deep rooted slackness in consumer demand which requires bringing down the interest rates urgently,” said Ficci President Sidharth Birla while commenting on IIP data.
“It would also need faster implementation of government’s intentions to introduce reforms in which states have major role to play,” he added.
The factory output for the month under review was the lowest since October, 2011 when it had recorded a contraction of 4.74 per cent.
IIP had declined by 1.2 per cent in October last year. For September, it was revised to 2.8 per cent from the provisional estimates of 2.5 per cent released last month, according to the official data.
For the April-October period, IIP is up 1.9 per cent, as against 0.2 per cent in same period of last fiscal.
Manufacturing output, which constitutes over 75 per cent of the index, contracted by 7.6 per cent in October, compared to a dip of 1.3 per cent in same month last. For April- October, the sector saw an output growth of 0.7 per cent, compared to a contraction 0.1 per cent in the year-ago period.
The production of capital goods, a barometer of demand, declined by 2.3 per cent in October, as against a growth of 2.5 per cent in same month of last year.
For the April-October period, capital goods output is up 4.8 per cent, as against a dip of 0.2 per cent a year ago.
Meanwhile, according to the Consumer Price Index data, cheaper food items helped retail inflation drop to a new low of 4.38 per cent in November — the fifth consecutive month of decline.
As per the IIP data, consumer goods output too contracted by 18.6 per cent in October as against a decline of 5 per cent logged a year ago.
For the April-October period, the segment showed a contraction of 6.3 per cent, compared to a decline of 1.7 per cent in the same period of 2013-14.
Overall, 16 of the 22 industry groups in manufacturing showed negative growth in October.
As for the retail inflation, this is the lowest level CPI- based rate of price rise since the government started computing the new series of data in January 2012.
It stood at 5.52 per cent in October 2014. It was more than double the current level at 11.16 per cent in November 2013.
The food inflation also came down to 3.14 per cent in November as against 5.59 per cent in the previous month.
Post Comments
More from economy

London airspace closed due to traffic contro...You are here: Home > Collections
London airspace closed due to air traffic control failure
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 09.43PM IST
Tags:
England
(NATS, Britain's national…)
LONDON: Airspace over London has been closed due to a computer failure, European air traffic control body Eurocontrol said on Friday.
NATS, Britain's national air traffic service, said it suffered a technical problem at its air traffic control centre in Swanwick , southern England.
"We apologise for any delays and our incident response team has been mobilised," NATS said.
London's main Heathrow airport said that no flights were taking off or landing. Gatwick airport , which also serves London, said no flights were taking off although flights were arriving.
Manchester airport in northern England said it was unaffected by the airspace closure and was ready to accept diverted flights.
The BBC said that the airspace closure was expected to last until 1900 GMT.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Post Prime-Ministership  Manmohan Singh still fails to evoke much response as public speakerPost Prime-Ministership, Manmohan Singh still fails to evoke much response as public speaker
Arup Roychoudhury |  Dec 13, 2014 12:36 AM IST
Delhi this winter has been all about high-profile seminars and conclaves. And, even in a calendar packed with speaking engagements by the powerful and the influential, this particular event, held on Friday, stood out. It was the first major public appearance by Manmohan Singh since he demitted office as the country’s long-time prime minister earlier this year.
The topic of the seminar he was addressing was ‘India’s growth trajectory in a fractured world economy’, a subject, one would think, right up the renowned economist’s alley. Fellow panelists included Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan, and UK economist-author of Indian origin, Meghnad Desai. So, anticipation was high in audience, a mix of business people, economists, academicians, journalists, and students. There were some in the audience, present company included, who assumed Singh would speak more freely than he was known to, now that he is not bound by office. One even hoped he would take questions, possibly giving his views on what reform measures his successor, Narendra Modi, should pursue.
The venue was a seminar hall in the Delhi office of business chamber Ficci. The hall seats 180 people. There were about 350 in attendance, so the organisers had put extra chairs and projector screens in the common area outside the hall, as well as at an adjoining conference room.
Security was tight – former PMs get ‘Z’ category cover. It took a while to get registered and body searched (twice, quite awkward), before one could get into the hall. And, once inside, the security personnel were not allowing you to exit even to visit the toilet.
Way back in January, when Singh addressed his last press conference as PM, he had said history would be kinder to him than the contemporary media, or the then Opposition. In a way, that statement was to be put to the test. As he walked in, surrounded by suits with earpieces,the packed gathering stood up, some out of respect and others to click images with their smartphones.
As it turned out, that was the only time they stood for him.
As PM, his second term had started with high expectations. Soon, the country would be left disappointed, and that was even before the massive graft scandals, the stuck infrastructure projects, and slowing economy turned public sentiment against his United Progressive Alliance government.
Singh spoke slowly and deliberately for about seven minutes, compared to Rajan who held the audience’s attention for a good 46 minutes. “I was under the impression that I will merely preside over this seminar, without having to make a speech in front of this august audience. And, quite honestly, I have come here to listen to one of the most outstanding economists of our time,” he said, referring to Rajan.” Good start, mischievous sense of humour still there, and immense respect for Rajan coming through.
But the comparisons between the two speakers at the same forum were inevitable.  Singh did speak about how the twin peaks of current account deficit and fiscal deficit can be handled imaginatively in the face of low crude oil prices and that the country’s annual growth rate could be eight-nine per cent. However, there was nothing to grab one’s attention and make great headlines for the next day’s editions (excuse me for behaving like a scribe!)
In various editorials and memoirs by colleagues, Singh has been described as being always risk-averse, playing it safe. Exactly what he did on Friday. He stuck to the script, kept his speech short. Gave the audience a few talking points. And, left without answering any questions or mingling with other panelists. Just like his prime ministership, his appearance on Friday, too, started off with a lot of expectations. Yet, by the time it ended, one felt quite underwhelmed.

What was fake on the Internet this week: Kitten-killing Christmas trees and Malia Obamas pregnancyBy Caitlin Dewey December 12, 2014 Follow @caitlindewey
President Obama’s daughters Sasha (L) and Malia listen to their father during the pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at the White House in Washington November 26, 2014. (Reuters/Gary Cameron)
There is so much fake stuff on the Internet in any given week that we’ve grown tired of debunking it all. Fake Twitter fights . Fake pumpkin-spice products . Amazing viral video? Nope — a Jimmy Kimmel stunt !
So rather than take down each and every undeservedly viral story that crosses our monitors each week, we’re rounding them all up in a quick, once-a-week Friday debunk of fake photos, misleading headlines and bad studies that you probably shouldn’t share over the weekend.
Ready? Here’s what was fake on the Internet this week:
1. Harvard Business School professor/Internet villain Ben Edelman did not send racist e-mails to a Chinese restaurant. It makes sense that this particular rumor gained traction, however, given Edelman’s other dubious online behavior. The professor originally came to the Internet’s attention earlier this week over a series of e-mails he sent Sichuan Garden in Boston, threatening legal action over a mere $4 (!) he believed the restaurant owed him.
Look how easy it is to fake a message on this thing. (Sichuangardenrestaurant.com)
The Boston Globe later reported that he had followed those e-mails up with an overtly racist message, submitted through Sichuan Garden’s online contact form. While Edelman has confessed to sending the threatening e-mails, however — even publishing an apology on his website — he hasn’t copped to the racist one. Since contact forms like the one on Sichuan Garden’s Web site allow the user to input any e-mail address, whether or not it is his, Edelman seems to have been framed; the Boston Globe has since retracted its story. (None of this changes the fact, of course, that Edelman is still a documented jerk.)
2. Home Depot Christmas trees (probably) do not kill cats. The Facebook page for an Ontario cat rescue sounded the proverbial alarms on Wednesday after hearing that one of its recently adopted kittens had been poisoned by a chemical sprayed on Home Depot’s fake Christmas trees. In reality, while Home Depot’s still “aggressively investigating” the incident, it would seem that Forever Home Cat Rescue issued its (very viral, and now-deleted) warning a little early. There’s nothing actually tying the kitten’s death to the tree, besides the family’s observation that it chewed on a few needles. And Home Depot has said both that this is an isolated incident, and that the chemical it sprays on its faux trees is “a hypoallergenic pet-friendly substance.” You probably shouldn’t let your pet eat PVC , as a rule, but there’s no need to panic — at least not without more evidence.
3. Illegal loggers in the Amazon did not cut down the “world’s oldest tree.” More than a quarter of a million people have shared this story from World News Daily Report, a hoax-news site whose stories — we repeat! — are always fake. According to the particular faux-article in question, loggers on the Peruvian and Brazilian border accidentally hacked down a “giant Samauma tree” that was 5,800 years old. For the record, the world’s oldest living tree is only 5,062 years old, and it’s somewhere in eastern California. Researchers have kept its exact location a secret.
4. Michael Brown did not brutally assault and rob an old man on camera. It’s unclear who started this particular rumor, exactly, but a low-resolution video that claims to show Brown beating someone up … actually does not. The video’s proven popular on Facebook and YouTube, where it’s been re-uploaded dozens of times — often with captions like “this is the Michael Brown they don’t want you to see.” But as more skeptical commenters have pointed out, the man in the video is clearly shorter and less heavy than Brown, and you never see a clear shot of his face. Snopes claims the video actually shows an incident in Dallas, Tex., a place where Brown never lived. “It blows my mind how quickly people believe [stuff],” one woman wrote. “You don’t see ‘his’ face the entire time.”
Does that look like Michael Brown to you? (YouTube)
5. Malia Obama is not pregnant. In case this “article’s” source didn’t tip you off — it’s on the infamous, unfunny hoax site Empirenews.net — the absurd “quotes” from President Obama, first lady Michelle and Malia, their 16-year-old daughter, should. (“Hello, I’m the president’s daughter,” Empire News has Malia saying, at one point. “This doesn’t ruin my plans for a future at all.”) Alas, the idiotic thing has still been shared more than 120,000 times, further proof that people never read past the headline — or, that when it comes to political mockery, nothing is off limits.
6. Panthers quarterback Cam Newton didn’t die. The 25-year-old athlete did, however, suffer a serious two-car crash , which flipped his truck over and left him with two fractures in his lower back. The seriousness of the crash seemed to lead some Twitter users to jump to conclusions, as many a tweeter concluded that Newton was dead. He actually fared pretty well, all things considered: He climbed out of the vehicle himself, and left the hospital two days ago in “high spirits.”
According to twitter, Cam Newton is: 1. Totally fine 2. Smiling 3. Both legs are broken 4. Has a shattered pelvis 5. Has died.
— Gary R. Rose (@garyrockrose) December 9, 2014
 
7. McDonald’s is still serving overweight customers. The idea that McDonald’s would begin refusing to serve some customers is absurd, on its face: for reasons economic, legal and practical, it makes literally zero sense. That did not, however, stop more than a quarter of a million people from sharing this farce on Daily Buzz Live, the site that previously brought you “news” of the first Ice Bucket Challenge death . It is, like all things on Daily Buzz, 100 percent fake.
Did we miss any other notable fake stuff this week? E-mail caitlin.dewey@washpost.com — or stay tuned until next week, because surely some more shenanigans will go down in the meantime.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

It s official: Cubs  WLS-Ch. 7 in deal to air 25 games31
The deal with a network-owned station is something of a media curveball, with few industry observers pegging WLS-TV as a player in the Cubs' drawn-out drama to find a new TV partner. Where the balance of next season's television schedule ends up remains to be seen, but Kenney said Friday the team will announce a home for the team's remaining games soon.
While the network has signed off on the deal, ABC 7 will air most of the games on the weekends, to avoid disruption of a busy prime-time schedule, Idler said.
"We have a number of games that we're going to be having in prime time," Idler said. "But Saturday and Sunday are certainly easier, from a network standpoint ... to run those games."
ABC 7 is allowed to market its 25-game package to other regional TV stations, Idler said, which would open up the broadcasts to viewers outside of the Chicago market.
While some industry observers say it is late in the game to begin selling advertising for next season, ABC 7 sounded optimistic about the prospects.
"It can't help but generate excitement for our viewers while providing our ABC sales teams the opportunity to offer extraordinary media opportunities to our clients in Chicago and across the country," said Vincent Sollecito, vice president and general sales manager of ABC 7.
The timing may prove fortuitous for the station, with signings of ace pitcher Jon Lester and coveted manager Joe Maddon generating renewed interest in the team.
"They've made some fantastic moves," Idler said, "so we're really confident that the ratings are going to follow."
This is not the first time Cubs games have aired on Ch. 7, however.
In 1949, three stations broadcast games, according to the Chicago Baseball Museum, including WGN, WBKB and WENR, the predecessor to WLS. WENR-TV dropped out after one season.

Mamata dares Narendra Modi to arrest her  says  Centre behaving like a cowardCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
Launching a blistering attack against the Centre, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today termed state Transport Minister Madan Mitra’s arrest as “political vendetta” and “dirty conspiracy” by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and dared the Narendra Modi-led NDA government to arrest her.
“What has happened is illegal and unconstitutional. It is a dangerous step to destroy democratic institutions. My government condemns the arrest of Madan Mitra in the strictest of terms,” Banerjee told reporters at the state secretariat here.
“It is a conspiracy, a very dirty conspiracy, I ask the Prime Minister to put me in jail first. He (Mitra) was called as a witness. Within a few years he was arrested. Is it not a political vendetta?” a furious Banerjee said.
Mamata Banerjee clicking picture of the setting sun during her trip for the promotion of Infrastructure cum tourism promotion to Jhorkhali, Sajnekhali in Sunderbans. (PTI)
“I will visit Madan in SSKM Hospital (when he is taken there for medical examination). Arrest me with whatever police Narendra Modi and Amit Shah have at their disposal,” she said.
Taking on the BJP leadership and its president Amit Shah, the Trinamool Congress supremo said, “We will tear open their mask, we will fight them in Delhi.”
“A man who has himself been arrested and chargesheeted by the CBI is pointing finger at us,” Banerjee said.
“It is pure political vendetta, the secular, democratic and republican fabric of the country is being destroyed,” Banerjee said terming Mitra’s arrest as illegal, unconstitutional as also discourteous.
She said that the Trinamool Congress would hit the streets from tomorrow and threatened to take up the issue in the Parliament.
“They have cleverly arrested Madan on a Friday as Parliament will be closed on the weekend,” she claimed.
“Situation in India is like Emergency now, new battle has begun. We accept your challenge, my government condemns Madan Mitra’s arrest in the strictest of terms,” she said adding, “Centre is behaving like a coward and an autocrat, this is a dangerous and disastrous game.”
“All people of Bengal are my assets, if the Centre arrests even one person illegally, I will protest,” she said.
Claiming that the activities of the BJP government are worse than the Emergency days during Indira Gandhi’s prime ministership, she said, “He (Mitra) has taken the constitutional oath, he is my colleague in the ministry. He has taken oath not to do anything unconstitutional.”
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Chinese mystery of the vanishing foreign bridesChinese mystery of vanishing foreign brides
Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d7242cc-81e9-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US warns India over  business as usual  with Russia as Putin meets ModiIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
The US today reemphasised that it was not the right time for “business as usual” with Russia, a day after India and Russia signed 20 bilateral agreements in key areas like oil, gas and defence during President Vladimir Putin’s visit to New Delhi.
“We’ve seen press reporting on India concluding business, nuclear and defence deals with Russia, but not confirmation of those agreements or specifics of what those agreements would entail. Our view remains that it’s not time for business as usual with Russia,” US State Department spokesperson Marie Harf said.
She also said it is not the time for the US to do business with Russia given its action in Ukraine.
Russia has been heavily sanctioned by the US and EU for their support of pro-Moscow rebels in eastern Ukraine as well as for Russia’s annexation of the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea earlier this year.
Ahead of Putin’s visit to New Delhi, the US state department last week had voiced concerns over possible bilateral agreements between India and Russia.
“As we’ve said before, now is not the time for business as usual with Russia,” the US state department spokesperson had said.
“We’ve conveyed this, certainly, to our allies and to our partners across the world,” she had said.
In a boost to their “special strategic partnership”, Russia yesterday agreed to build at least 12 nuclear reactors in India besides manufacturing advanced dual-use helicopters as the two countries signed 20 agreements in oil, gas, defence, investment and other key sectors.
Post Comments
More from economy

Smaller cities  mobile phones drove traffic to GOSF: GoogleGoogle’s Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) has been a “roaring success” with strong participation from smaller cities like Ranchi, Guntur and Hubli and people using mobile phones to shop.
The three day event, which closed today, saw participation from over 450 partners across categories.
“gosf.in 2014 was a roaring success, with all partners seeing great engagements across product categories. We got 80 lakh visits to the site during the three-day festival. And a total of over 1.4 crore visits to the site including promotion period,” Google India Industry Director eCommerce Nitin Bawankule said.
Compared to last year, the user engagement is up by seven times from 20 lakh visits, he added.
“People from 220 cities in India participated in the festival. We saw huge consumer involvement and participation from smaller cities like Ranchi, Guntur, Hubli, Bareilly, Firozpur etc,” Bawankule said.
He added that a lot of first time buyers shopped in the ‘Rs 299 corner’ and some of smaller partners reported growth of 5 to 7 times in their daily conversions.
About 40 per cent of the users accessed via mobile, he said.
Categories that saw maximum engagement and sales were electronics, lifestyle, home and kitchen among others.
Many unique and high value products were also sold and booked at the GOSF 2014.
Over 500 houses were booked across all real estate partners, while more than 50 cars and 100 bikes were booked.
Sundeep Malhotra, Founder and CEO, HomeShop18.com said this year’s GOSF has kept up to the momentum of last year.
“We have recorded a 4X increase in sales, across HomeShop18 platforms. We also saw a doubling of call flow and a jump in average order value by 32 per cent during GOSF,” he added.
CashKaro.com, a cashback and coupons site, saw traffic growing by 450 per cent and 350 per cent increase in revenues during GOSF.
“The average order value also doubled as compared to normal days. With the success of GOSF this year, the stakes for next year are set to be even higher,” CashKaro.com co-founder Rohan Bhargava said.
Post Comments
More from companies

Stocks Drop Sharply as Oil Prices Slidestocks drop sharply as oil prices slide
A K Antony s  clean image  not enough: BJP minCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today took a dig at his predecessor A K Antony, saying though he had a clean image, it was not reflected in defence procurement during his time.
“I agree that Antony may have a clean image that does not mean the reflection of cleanliness in the actual procurement,” Parrikar said when asked about delay in defence procurement during UPA regime.
Asserting that NDA government will bring in transparency in defence purchases and at the same time will ensure speedy procurement, he said, “There is no solution only by remaining honest.”
He also mentioned about illegal practice of commissioning in defence deals in the past. “I have been told that there have been hundreds of people in Delhi who by becoming defence agents acquired lavish bungalows.”
Asked why he chooses to travel on commercial flights instead of using his official aircraft, Parrikar said he does not want to waste national resources.
He, however, added that when he feels there is a need to travel in an IAF aircraft, he will use it. Defence Minister usually uses IAF Embraer aircraft for domestic flights.
“I do not believe that simplicity can be an election campaign like many people have been doing it. I will not do it. It is only your trend and nature. That does not qualify you as a good administrator or a bad administrator,” he said at the Aaj Tak Agenda.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Regulators  job is not to boost Sensex  says RBI Guv Raghuram RajanStreet sees good show after stellar year
Unfazed by criticism that central bank is keeping interest rates high, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said the role of regulators is not to boost the Sensex.
“Financial stability sometimes means regulators, including the central bank, have to go against popular sentiment. The role of regulators is not to boost the Sensex but to ensure that the underlying fundamentals of the economy and its financial system are sound enough for sustainable growth.
“Any positive consequences to the Sensex are welcome but are only a collateral benefit, not the objective,” Rajan said while addressing a Ficci function.
Comprising shares of 30 bluechip companies, S&P BSE Sensex is a benchmark of Indian stock market.
He said that in addition to inflation, a central bank has to pay attention to financial stability.
“This is a secondary objective, but it may become central if the economy enters a low-inflation credit and asset price boom,” he added.
The RBI Governor’s statement assumes significance as industry has criticised the RBI for not reducing interest rates even when both the wholesale and retail inflation are at a multi-year low.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley too on several occasions had nudged the RBI to cut rates and the issue also figured during a debate in the Lok Sabha earlier this week.
Rajan, who has kept interest rates unchanged since January, had yesterday emphasised that interest rate cut by itself would not lift the economy.
“It is not the only thing which is holding back economic growth. But it would have some impact,” Rajan said.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Wagh Bakri rules out IPOWagh Bakri rules out IPO
Sohini Das | Ahmedabad Dec 12, 2014 08:58 PM IST
Ruling out rumours of going public, Gujarat-based Gujarat Tea Processors and Packers Ltd (GTPPL), which markets packaged tea under the Wagh Bakri brand, said that it would very much remain privately held by the Desai family.
The firm is rather waiting for the roll out of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) to decide on the location where it would plan its upcoming manufacturing facility. As Parag Desai, executive director, GTPPL said, "We have absolutely no plans of going for a listing on the bourses, we would continue to remain family held." Media reports had earlier suggested that the firm was planning to go public in order to raise funds for acquisitions of plantations overseas.
He added that Wagh Bakri has increased its manufacturing capacity by about 50 per cent every four years, and was now waiting for the GST roll out to decide on the location of its future plan. An uniform GST would do away with the need to consider varied tax structures on goods and commodities across India, as well as the incentive of putting up manufacturing sites at tax havens.
Wagh Bakri currently has a processing capacity of around 35 million kg per annum and had increased its capacity around two and half years back."We are clocking a 10-12 per cent growth rate in the domestic market, and are currently operating two plants in Gujarat," Desai explained.GTPPL had a turnover of around Rs 750 crore in FY14, Desai claimed.
As on the exports front, the company is clocking a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 15 per cent. "We will continue to grow steadily on the exports front," Desai said adding that the company currently exported to around 30 countries.
Exports had touched around one million kg last fiscal. When asked if Wagh Bakri was open to inorganic growth to speed up its growth rate on the exports front, Desai said that such a possibility could not be ruled out.
"We are definitely looking at such options, however, nothing is concrete as of now," he clarified.  After opening its signature lounges in Mumbai and Delhi, Wagh Bakri opened its first tea lounge in its home town Ahmedabad on Thursday.

Political solutions  not tortureDevangshu Datta: Lessons from US Senate's report on CIA's methods
Devangshu Datta |  Dec 12, 2014 10:48 PM IST
The United States Senate's report on the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)'s brutal interrogation methods has highlighted the fact that asymmetric conflicts are always dirty. Nobody has worked out effective, clean methods of fighting asymmetric conflicts and the Geneva Convention doesn't apply, even in theory. The unconventional side indulges in random violence and terrorism. The conventional side tortures and kills civilians, some of whom are bound to be innocent.
Since 9/11, the world has been embroiled in a dirty asymmetric war. The scale and scope of the CIA's actions reflect the global nature of the conflict. The report also shows that torture just isn't very useful in developing actionable intelligence.
India has plenty of experience of internal dirty wars. Kashmir has been a sore point since 1989. The Left Wing Extremists (LWE) have been in business across seven states for the past decade. Nagaland and Manipur have lived with permanent insurgencies for the past 50-odd years.
There were earlier long-running conflicts in Assam, in Mizoram and in Tripura. There was the Punjab. Prior to the Punjab, there was the Naxalite business with its epicentre in Bengal. Apologies if I've missed out on the odd Kamtapur, Bodoland and Tebhaga.
These conflicts have affected hundreds of millions across generations and collectively, brutalised the entire security establishment. To my knowledge, nobody has done an analysis of how much such internal wars have cost, directly and in missed opportunities. Nor have there been studies of the psychological impact on children who grow up in the middle of violence.
The costs must be vast. Consider a hypothetical situation where India did not suffer internal conflicts. If gross domestic product had compounded at one per cent more every year across 65 years as a result, the economy would be twice as big.
The military methods that work in winning asymmetric wars tend to be unacceptable. For example, mass extermination. In Indonesia in 1965-66, a communist insurgency was put down by killing over 500,000 civilians. The Sri Lanka civil war also ended with vast killings of civilians.
Joseph Stalin used mass deportation to suppress revolt in Chechnya, holding a large number of Chechens hostage in Siberia. This was too extreme a solution for Vladimir Putin to attempt a reprise during the Second Chechen War.
The British won the Boer War by conceptualising "concentration camps". Afrikaner women and children were incarcerated in camps, creating hostages and depriving the Boer Kommando (guerrilla bands) of food, shelter, etc. Over a century later, there is still bitterness in South Africa about the women and children who died of disease and starvation in camps. ("Kommando" and "concentration camp" were coined during the Boer War, though both words later acquired different meanings.)
The Chinese have been experimenting with "demographic swamping" in Tibet and in Xinjiang, where the Beijing regime faces hostility from local ethnic groups. Large-scale immigration by majority Han Chinese into the trouble spots is encouraged. The rebellious locals will eventually be reduced to an insignificant minority. Of course, this requires ancillary measures like confiscation and redistribution of land, employment-related incentives that discriminate against locals, etc.
The Indian state won against the Khalistanis and beat the first wave of Naxalism by shotgun approaches. Large numbers of young men were picked up, tortured and killed by security forces. Thirty years later, those methods are difficult to replicate without outcry. They are also less effective, going by the Kashmir and the LWE experiences.
If the military solutions are unacceptable, political solutions must be attempted. The Indian experience suggests that political resolution can take decades even when it works, as in Mizoram. The direction of the global conflict since 9/11 reinforces the impression that resolution takes a very long time.
Torture and extra-judicial killings diminish everyone concerned. The torturers end up damaged, and, of course, so do victims. The Senate report also indicates torture is ineffective. It is a great pity that America could not find more acceptable and effective means of fighting such wars.

Oil price ripples spread to other marketsOil price fall sparks market turmoil
Anjli Raval in London and Michael Mackenzie and Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/edcd0254-81db-11e4-a9bb-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Turkeys Erdogan lashes out as lira tumblesSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Tech IPOs surge rescue paper lossesTech IPOs surge rescues paper losses for early investors
Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4944ad3e-822d-11e4-ace7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why investors view of falling oil prices has just pivotedWhy investors’ view of falling oil prices has just pivoted
John Authers
Market is fretting about slowing Chinese manufacturers, rather than cheer on reviving US consumers
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47fb9c44-820f-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What do we want from Scottish landsDecember 12, 2014 7:11 pm
Let us first be clear what we want from Scottish land before talking about ownership
John Glen
Fretting about land ownership without agreeing what we want it to achieve is ignoring the real problems, writes John Glen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48535f90-812b-11e4-b956-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Riding on Modi s popularity  BJP may get absolute majority in Delhi polls: SurveyAam Aadmi Party
(BJP is expected to get an…)
NEW DELHI: BJP is likely to emerge as the largest party in the upcoming Assembly polls in Delhi, bagging around 45 seats, riding high on Prime Minister Narendra Modi's popularity while Arvind Kejriwal's AAP is likely to win in 17 constituencies, an opinion poll said today.
However, Kejriwal seems to be the most preferred candidate with 43 per cent for the position of Chief Minister of Delhi, followed by Harsh Vardhan (39 per cent), according to the ABP News-Nielsen poll.
Sheila Dixit has a support of five per cent respondents while Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay was preferred by three per cent respondents, the poll said.
The poll, conducted among 6,409 respondents from across 35 Assembly constituencies between December 4 and 8, predicts seven seats for the Congress in the 70-member House.
In the last Assembly polls, held in December last year, BJP had emerged as the single largest party winning 31 seats followed by AAP with 28 seats. The Congress stood a poor third, with only 8 seats.
According to the opinion poll, the BJP is likely to get 38 per cent vote share as against AAP's AAP 27 per cent.
As per the opinion poll, around half of the respondents feel that BJP would form the government in the upcoming elections in Delhi and around 38 per cent feel that Aam Aadmi Party should form the government.
Also, an overall level majority (65 per cent) of the respondents have rated the performance of Arvind Kejriwal as 'good/very good' with a mean score of 3.81, poll said.
As per the opinion poll, Modi is the most popular leader in Delhi with 58 per cent of the respondents saying so while 33 per cent respondents are for Arvind Kejriwal and about seven per cent for Rahul Gandhi .
As per the opinion poll, inflation, sanitation, drinking water and unemployment are the more important issues being faced by the people.
Sanitation is a bigger issue in urban areas whereas law and order and transport problems matter more in rural areas, opinion poll said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS to hire 35000 rejig may also see seniorlevel layoffsTCS to hire 35000 rejig may also see seniorlevel layoffs
Make in India plan unlikely to be effective RajanMake in India plan unlikely to be effective Rajan
Lack of clarity still prevails on Indo-Russia energy cooperationLack of clarity still prevails on Indo-Russia energy cooperation
Sudheer Pal Singh | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:28 AM IST
The recent India-Russia talks had big-bang announcements on energy cooperation but some key questions are unanswered.
The talks ended with no clarity on whether the Russian government was willing to extend the tax concessions sought by ONGC Videsh (OVL) for turning around its loss-making Imperial Energy project in that country or not. Or of the status of its much awaited acquisition in two major Siberian oilfields.
On Thursday, the two sides agreed, broadly, on joint exploration and production, liquefied natural gas supplies, a connecting gas pipeline and crude oil import. “Russia is the world's top source for hydrocarbon resources and India one of the world's largest importers. Yet, despite our close friendship, our collaboration in this sector has been disappointing,” Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Thursday during the visit of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
He said the two sides had made a new start with some important agreements and would set an ambitious agenda for partnership in oil and natural gas. However, sources said the two sides were still working on the terms of engagement for the Vankor and Yurubchenko fields, crucial for OVL to expand its foray in Russia.
The talks had followed wide-scale speculation that OVL, the foreign arm of government-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, would sign an agreement to take up to a 10 per cent equity stake in the already operational Vankor field, which produces about 400,000 barrels of oil a day. This followed Russia’s state-owned explorer, Rosneft’s offer for stake, extended in August this year.
Vankor is spread over 416 sq km and houses initial recoverable reserves of nearly 500 million tonnes of oil and 180 billion cubic metres of gas. “We are in talks for the deal and hope to sign an agreement soon,” said a senior executive from OVL.
The industry also expected clarity on talks over OVL’s plan to take up to 49 per cent equity in the new Yurubchenko-Tokhomskoye project, also in Siberia and with a potential to produce a billion barrels of oil.
India had also been expecting finality on its demand for a slew of tax concessions for OVL’s Imperial Energy project. OVL had in 2009 bagged the hydrocarbon assets of Imperial, a UK-based oil firm, in Russia’s Tomsk region in a $2.1-billion deal. However, output has fallen to less than 10,000 barrels a day from the 80,000-plus bpd expected initially. With taxes eating around 80 per cent of the earnings from Imperial, India was seeking exemption from the Mineral Extraction Tax that takes up around 20 per cent of the earnings from the project, apart from a 40 per cent export tax. An earlier request in 2012 by India for special concessions was rejected by the Russian government, which said these taxes applied uniformly to all companies.
The talk on cooperation on hydrocarbon projects between the two nations comes amid Western sanctions on Russia over its involvement in Ukraine. Russia has been on the lookout for newer markets, including in Asia, for its vast oil and gas resources, amid a squeeze on cash flows for its exploration companies.

Modi in reverse gear on peace matters  says PakistanMPNew Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 1:54 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 8:39 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is in “reverse gear” on matters of peace in the region and “hardline elements” in India are threatening the “secular principles” of India, visiting Pakistan parliamentarian and chairman of the foreign affairs standing committee Awais Ahmed Khan Leghari said on Friday.
“I have not met him and neither have I had the opportunity to meet him. But what I can see is that Modi is in reverse gear on matters of peace in the region,” the former Pakistan minister for information technology said here, referring to the cancellation of foreign secretary-level talks.
“What I can see during this visit is that for the first time, the hardline elements here are threatening the secular principles of this country,” he said, referring to the recent reports of religious conversions.
Leghari, who is leading a delegation of 12 members of Pakistan’s parliament across the political spectrum, said, “Our visit to India is to impress upon the Indian political class that there is consensus in Pakistan about having good relations with India. There is appetite for better relations… but it is not the oxygen for Pakistan. Pakistan can survive with better relations with other countries in the region.”
Son of former Pakistan president Farooq Leghari, the Pakistan MP, who belongs to Nawaz Sharif’s PML(N), when asked about a recent public meeting held by Jamaat-ud-Dawa chief Hafiz Saeed in Lahore, said, “There were about 100,000 people in that place… it was the Punjab government’s job to ensure their safety. The police and security personnel were there for protection of those people.”
“If Hafiz Saeed spews venom, similarly a lot of Indian extremists have also spewed venom. We should ignore them,” the Pakistan MP said.
Asked about Saeed roaming freely in Pakistan despite being accused of the Mumbai terror attack, Leghari said, “Pakistan’s courts have not found any evidence against him. And Pakistan’s Supreme Court and High Court are much more efficient than Indian courts… The Indian courts have given a judgment after 45 years about their own railway minister.”
The Pakistan MPs, who belong to four different political parties, met 26 Indian MPs on Friday — three from the BJP, 12 from Congress and 11 from other parties — and had a “brutally frank” discussion, after which they came out with a joint statement calling for the resumption of the dialogue process.
This was the sixth Pakistan-India Parliamentarians Dialogue organised by the Pakistan Institute of Legislative Development and Transparency (PILDAT), an Islamabad-based think-tank.

MEA suspends Shia clerics passport for fourweeksBy: Express News Service | Lucknow |
Posted: December 13, 2014 1:48 am
The Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) has suspended the passport of Shia cleric Maulana Kalbe Jawwad for a period of four weeks over his proposed visit to Iraq. The MEA has also asked Jawwad to explain as to why his passport should not be impounded or revoked beyond the suspension period.
Jawwad along with six others of Anjuman-e-Haideri were detained at Delhi airport when they were on to board a flight to Iraq on November 24. Jawwad had later slammed his detention and claimed that the delegation wanted to meet Iraq Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi and Shia cleric Ayatollah Syed Ali Siestani. He had claimed that the delegation also wanted to make efforts to release Indian workers held captive by ISIS terrorists.
Jawwad, who had received a letter from the MEA, has been asked to surrender his passport at Lucknow passport office. The suspension order is effective from Nov. 23.

Week after rape  Jhansi village pradhan immolatesselfWritten by Manish Sahu | Lucknow |
Posted: December 13, 2014 1:44 am
A week after she was allegedly raped by her neighbour, a 32-year-old village head (pradhan) in Jhansi district committed suicide by setting herself afire in Lahchura police station area late Thursday evening.
The victim had not lodged any complaint with the police about the alleged rape. Also no suicide note was found from the house. She had sustained over 95 per cent burn injuries and had died on the spot.
Police lodged an FIR against one Guddu Singh based on a complaint filed by victim’s husband Friday. The accused is yet to be arrested.
Guddu Singh,who already has criminal cases registered against him including attempt to murder and Goonda Act, has been booked on charges of rape, abetment to suicide and criminal intimidation.
Officiating station officer (SO) of Lahchura police station, sub-inspector Vikramaditya Singh Sachan said the complainant told the police that his wife had informed him about the rape, which took place a week ago ago, on December 9 but had asked him not to report the matter to the police fearing social stigma.

Constable killed by inmates of juvenilehouseWritten by Amit Sharma | Meerut |
Posted: December 13, 2014 1:42 am
Inmates of a juvenile home on Thursday night beat a constable to death and injured five, including an inspector, near Sarajkund park here after the officers allegedly snubbed their request for cigarettes, police said.
“A case of murder and physical assault has been registered against 25 inmates of the juvenile home. Security will be reviewed and action will be taken to ensure that such incidents do not recur,” DIG Ramit Sharma said.
District Magistrate Pankaj Yadav ordered a magisterial inquiry into the incident Friday evening.
According to the police, 15 inmates were being taken to the home after a court appearance on Thursday when they allegedly demanded cigarettes from the accompanying police team. After they were snubbed, they allegedly called for help and attacked the officers with bricks and cricket bats.
The minors managed to overpower constable Om Prakash and beat him to death, police said. No arrests have been made so far.
The body of the constable was sent to his parents’ house in Bulandshahr district. The officer is survived by his wife and five children.

Muzaffarnagar riots: SC slams UP govt for failing to arrest rapeaccusedWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 1:40 am
The Supreme Court on Friday came down heavily on the Uttar Pradesh government over its inability to arrest all the accused in the cases of rape during the Muzaffarnagar riots. It also asked the state government to be ready to face contempt proceedings if it fails to do so by January 20.
“What have you been doing for the last seven months? Have you been sitting quiet? Why have our orders not been complied with? We had said all the accused must be brought to book but you have not complied,” said a bench led by Justice Ranjan Gogoi.
The bench was hearing a contempt petition, alleging that the police were lax in prosecuting rape accused and were, in fact, trying to shield some of them. It also contended that the rape victims were exposed to dangers without adequate security and that the state administration was lackadaisical in ensuring their rehabilitation in terms of the Supreme Court judgment.
The judgment, while indicting the Akhilesh Yadav government, held it prima facie guilty of negligence in preventing communal riots in Muzaffarnagar in 2013 and ordered it to immediately arrest all accused irrespective of their political affiliation. It had also issued several directions pertaining to compensation to victims and their rehabilitation as well as free and fair investigation.
Responding to the contempt petition, the state government’s advocate submitted that 22 out of 25 accused had been arrested but he failed to inform the court as to whether the absconding accused had been declared proclaimed offenders or not. The counsel sought to convince the bench that no case for contempt was made out since the state administration had also disbursed compensation to all the victims and it was further providing security to rape victims.
The bench was dissatisfied with the response and found discrepancies in the statements made by the state counsel and the compliance report adduced in the court.
“We make it clear that you have to comply with out orders. There are no two ways about it. If you don’t comply fully with our orders by the next date, be prepared to have your officers present in the court. Ask them to be here on the next date and face contempt if they don’t comply,” said the bench.
The state government’s top police officers are arraigned as party to the contempt petition.

Saradha scam: Madan Mitra CBIs biggest TMC catch  Mamata cries vendettaEmbarrassment mounted for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her Trinamool Congress after the CBI arrested state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra in connection with the Saradha scam on Friday.    
 
He is the first minister of Bengal to be arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in any case, and the fourth Trinamool leader to be held by the probe agency in the chit fund scam.
 
Accusing the Centre of adopting bullying tactics after Mitra’s arrest, Banerjee lashed out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah and dared them to arrest her.
 
“CBI may take Madan to SSKM Hospital. I will go to meet him . Let me see whether Amit Shah’s goondas and Narendra Modi’s police can arrest me,” she said.
 
“It (the arrest) is unfortunate, shameful and deserves to be condemned. It’s sheer political vendetta. Can the CBI and the Centre go out of their jurisdiction and act like this?” she added.
 
The Saradha chit fund scam trail is hounding Banerjee’s government unlike any other challenge she has encountered during her stint in power so far and Mitra’s arrest triggered fresh calls from opposition leaders for her resignation.
 
Opposition parties have repeatedly accused the CM of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
 
The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
 
The CBI arrested Mitra around 4 pm after questioning him for about three hours during which he denied taking any money from Saradha, said an official privy to the development.
 
According to the official, who did not want to be named, Mitra stood his ground despite CBI officers confronting him with evidence.
 
“In the Saradha chit fund scam, RC 4 S/14, case relating to Saradha Realty, CBI has arrested Madan Mitra, a cabinet minister in the government of West Bengal on prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy, cheating and misappropriation as well as deriving undue financial benefits from Saradha group,” said a CBI statement.
 
“CBI has also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipta Sen (Saradha Group chairperson) on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case,” the statement added.
 
Within an hour of the arrest, the Trinamool tore into Shah, who had launched a scathing attack on the Bengal CM last month, laying the foundation for the 2016 assembly elections in the state.
 
“The arrest of our cabinet colleague seems to be an act of vendetta. It appears CBI is controlled not only by BJP but also by Amit Shah. We strongly condemn this action. Neither the governor, nor the assembly speaker was informed before the arrest,” said Subrata Mukherjee, state panchayat minister.
 
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case.
 
The CM’s stated position is none from her party took any money from Saradha. She also points to the group’s operations having started during the Left rule, which she ended.
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
Read: TMC is without political friends, fighting a lonely battle for staying in power
 
The group folded up in April last year, leaving its investors, largely from rural areas with little access to formal banking facilities, in the lurch.
 
The opposition mounted pressure on the CM after Mitra’s arrest.
 
“Madan Mitra’s arrest shows that Trinamool leaders are neck deep in Saradha scam, and the dots are leading to Mamata Banerjee’s doorstep. It’s time for her to resign taking moral responsibility,” said Sidharth Nath Singh, BJP national secretary.
 
State Congress president Adhir Chowdhury, too, demanded that the CM step down.
By any yardstick Mamata Banerjee is facing the worst point of her political life after coming in power in Bengal in May 2011. She is without friends at the centre. Worse, all the parties that she is approaching for alliances are declining.
Last month, both her former ally, Congress, and the the Left leaders rebuffed her when she said in the national capital that she is ready to tie up with any party (even with her bitter opponents like the Left) to fight communalism (read BJP).
"In 2011 when she tied up with Congress and swept into power in Bengal, she was at the zenith of her career. Within three years, she reached the lowest point. Her personal image, that of impeccable honesty, is gone. The popularity of the party is under a big question mark. And she now has the CBI on her trail, something that could be said about other regional party leaders, but not about Mamata earlier," said COngress leader Abdul Mannan.

Street Talk: Interesting Costco callstreet talk: interesting costco call
GST Bill likely to be tabled in current winter sessionGST Bill likely to be tabled in current winter session
U.S. spending bill likely to pass Senate after House dramaU.S. spending bill likely to pass Senate after House drama
Rajan calls for incentivising domestic savingsRajan calls for incentivising domestic savings
Latin American countries criticized at climate talks for oil plansLatin American countries criticized at climate talks for oil plans
Lockton Companies Releases Video to Help Businesses as Mexico Opens Markets to Private CompaniesLockton Companies Releases Video to Help Businesses as Mexico Opens Markets to Private Companies
CBI chargesheets Madhu Koda in coal scamCBI chargesheets Madhu Koda in coal scam
Oil co stocks drag Sensex down 251 points worst week in 3 yearsOil co stocks drag Sensex down 251 points worst week in 3 years
Rajan sings a different tune  pitches for  Make for IndiaRajan sings a different tune, pitches for 'Make for India'
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:25 AM IST
As the Narendra Modi government goes on an overdrive in its  ‘Make  in India’ campaign, there is a word of advice from  Reserve Bank  of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan.
Amid the slowing of the world economy, Rajan on Friday cautioned the government against too much focus on merchandise export-led growth through this campaign and advised to supplement it with ‘Make for India’.
However, since domestic demand tends to get overstimulated, the government will have to frame suitable fiscal policies and RBI itself will have to ensure inflation remains  low, Rajan said in his Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture here.
He  said the path  of  disinflation may not be as  steep in India as in industrialised nations and disclosed that  RBI  will  talk to the government on the timeline beyond 2016 to keep inflation at four per cent, plus-minus two per cent.  
To finance domestic demand responsibly, he advised that it be financed primarily through internal  sources and suggested some more budgetary benefits  for savings in this regard.
The finance ministry has already started preparing for the Budget for 2016-17.
“The world is unlikely to be able to accommodate another export-led China,” Rajan said in his address, organised by industry body Ficci, in New Delhi on Friday.
Clarifying he was not suggesting pessimism for exports, he said, “I am counselling against an export-led strategy that involves subsidising exporters with cheap inputs, as well as an undervalued exchange rate, simply because it is unlikely to be very effective at this juncture.”
Rajan, formerl chief economic advisor in the finance ministry, said India would have to compete with China, which still has some surplus agricultural labour to draw on, when it decided to push manufacturing exports. “Export-led growth will not be as easy as it was for the Asian economies that took that path before us.”
Besides, industrial countries had themselves been improving capital-intensive flexible manufacturing, so much so that some manufacturing activity was being “re-shored”, he said. “Any emerging market wanting to export manufacturing goods will have to contend with this new phenomenon.”
If external demand growth is likely to be muted, India has to produce for the internal market. “This means we have to work on creating the strongest sustainable unified market we can which requires a reduction in transaction costs of buying and selling across the country,” the governor said.
Improvements in the physical transportation network would help but so would fewer, but more efficient and competitive intermediaries in the supply chain from the producer to consumer, he said.
At a time when the Centre is struggling to evolve a consensus with states on the issue of a national goods & services tax (GST), Rajan said: “A well designed GST Bill, by reducing state border taxes, will have the important consequence of creating a truly national market for goods and services, which will be critical for our growth in years to come.”
He also said the government would have to frame suitable fiscal policies and RBI itself would have to ensure inflation remained low, since domestic demand tends to get overstimulated.
He further pointed out that the path of disinflation might not be as steep in India as in developed nations and the glide path as advocated by the Urjit Patel committee suited the country.
He said RBI would consult the government on the timeline beyond 2016 to keep inflation at 4% (plus or minus 2%), and suggested domestic demand had to be financed responsibly, as far as possible through domestic savings.
“Our banking system is undergoing some stress. Our banks have to learn from past mistakes in project evaluation and structuring, as they finance the immense needs of the economy,” he advised. They (banks) would also have to improve their efficiency as they compete with new players like the recently licensed universal banks, as well as the soon-to-be licensed payment and small finance banks.
“At the same time, we should not make their task harder by creating impediments in the process of turning around, or recovering, stressed assets. RBI, the government, as well as courts have considerable work to do here,” Rajan said, pitching for financial inclusion and some Budget sops to boost savings.
“The income tax benefits for an individual to save were largely fixed in nominal terms until the recent Budget; this means the real value of the benefits has eroded. Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure the country’s investment is largely financed from domestic savings,” he said.
Rajan said it was worth debating whether India needed more institutions to ensure deficits stayed within control and the quality of Budgets remained high.
“A number of countries have independent Budget offices and committees that opine on Budgets. These offices are especially important in scoring budgetary estimates, including unfunded long-term liabilities that industrial countries have shown are so easy to contract in times of growth, and hard to actually deliver.”
In addition to inflation, he said, a central bank had to pay attention to financial stability. This was a secondary objective but might become central if the economy entered a low-inflation credit and asset-price boom. “Financial stability sometimes means regulators, including the central bank, have to go against popular sentiment.”
The role of regulators was not to boost the Sensex but to ensure the underlying fundamentals of the economy and its financial system were sound enough for sustainable growth, he said. “Any positive consequences to the Sensex are welcome but are only a collateral benefit, not the objective.”
While emphasising on policies to attract foreign direct investment to fund the country’s current account deficit, Rajan said policies should not compromise India’s interests.
In this regard, Rajan said, the requirements to patent a medicine in India were perfectly reasonable, no matter what  international drug companies said. He also said policies should not focus only on FDI but promote young entrepreneurs, arguing “if we make it easier for young Indian companies to do business, we will also make it easier for foreign companies to invest, for both are outsiders to the system”.
This meant a transparent and quick legal process to deal with contractual disputes, and a proper system of bankruptcy to deal with distress — both issues the government had taken on, he said.
Noting that India did not belong to any power bloc, Rajan advised it, besides other emerging countries, to not only ensure quota reforms in the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank but inject new agenda, new ideas and new thinking into the global arena. “No longer will it suffice for India to simply object to industrial countries’ proposals; it will have to put some of its own on the table.”

Former Fed chairman Bernanke turned down for mortgage refinanceFormer Fed chairman Bernanke turned down for mortgage refinance
US-ECONOMY-BANK-RATE-FILES
Things are tough all over: Even the former Fed chairman can't refinance his mortgage.
If Ben Bernanke can't refinance a mortgage, who can?
Ben Bernanke said the mortgage market is so tight that even he is having a hard time refinancing his home loan.
The former Federal Reserve chairman, speaking at a conference in Chicago yesterday, told moderator Mark Zandi, of Moody’s Analytics Inc., that “I recently tried to refinance my mortgage and I was unsuccessful in doing so.”
When the audience laughed, Bernanke said, “I’m not making that up.”
0
“I think it’s entirely possible” that lenders “may have gone a little bit too far on mortgage credit conditions,” he said.
Bernanke, addressing a conference of the National Investment Center for Seniors Housing and Care in Chicago yesterday, said that the first-time homebuyer market is “not what it should be” as the economy in general strengthens.
“The housing area is one area where regulation has not yet got it right,” Bernanke said. “I think the tightness of mortgage credit, lending is still probably excessive.”
Despite his rejection, mortgage experts told The Los Angeles Times that the former chairman of the Federal Reserve could easily have found a deal elsewhere had he looked around.
Industry observers say that Bernanke, who left the Fed in January, was probably rejected because he could no longer show two years of stable income. That's an important threshold for big mortgage lenders, but these people said that some credit unions, community banks and major banks keep a significant number of larger loans on their books.

6 Expert Marketing Tips for Startupsreddit
Across the world, startups are emerging in a variety of industries -- from healthcare to education. Brands are constantly fighting for consumers' attention to download their cool apps or purchase eco-friendly cleaning supplies.
So, how can your startup outsmart your competitors? Build a brand and reputation everyone loves. You can't just have a great product. Make sure your customer service is impeccable, and your messaging is consistent. Moreover, develop a plan to corner the market.
Here are six marketing tips to help you gain the exposure you deserve:
1. Create Compelling Email Campaigns
Stop sending your email list monthly financial reports. It's boring and they do not care. Hire a copywriter to provide insightful news to your clients. The emails should offer valuable information integrated with new product details.
Highlight a customer who is using your product in a different way. The key takeaway is to give your clients the opportunity to learn and grow with your company.
2. Explore Vlogging
Start a video blog today! Over 75 percent of people watch online videos every week. It doesn't have to be costly or time-consuming. A simple, three-minute video can be effective. Answer FAQs or cover a specific topic.
Then, you can upload your videos to YouTube. By promoting your YouTube videos , your business will gain exposure and increase its authority in the industry. Furthermore, you can easily track your progress and earn more subscribers .
3. Ask for Customer Feedback
What do customers think about your products or services? Don't just assume you offer the best shampoo. Ask the customer directly on her next visit, or email feedback surveys to your contact list.
If you are seeking more honest responses, you may want to Google your company. Check Yelp reviews. The more you know, the better you can serve your client.
4. Post Often on Social Media
No one likes a Facebook page with the most recent post dated November 2012. Keep your followers engaged with current trends and useful tips.
To minimize the stress of social media updates, stick to one or two channels. Also, schedule your posts in advance with tools, like HootSuite or Tweetdeck.
5. Offer Free Trials
Okay, I know you're in the business of making money. However, sometimes you need to give a little to earn a lot. Try offering free trial services or sample products. Even discounting works; experiment with Groupon.
People are scared to try new things. So, eliminate their excuses with free items. With a strategic plan, these promotions can give you more market research data.
6. Support a Cause
How can your startup support a greater cause? It's not all about donating money. Instead, offer professional development classes to nonprofit staff members in your local area.
Invite your team to set up a booth at an annual volunteer event. Your business's involvement will show community support and introduce you to prospective clients.
Marketing can be difficult, especially for startups. However, with strategy and ingenuity, new businesses can flourish and expand their clientele. Use the tips above to move your business from a newcomer to an expert in the industry.
Image courtesy of Stuart Miles at FreeDigitalPhotos.net.
Follow Shayla R. Price on Twitter: www.twitter.com/shaylaprice
More:

Students Are Not Customersreddit
The public schools have long been ideological battlegrounds. Ideologues are seldom content to grind their axes quietly and unobtrusively. If creationism were practiced only among consenting adults, then it might be worthy of the occasional snort or giggle, but for the most part it could just be ignored. However, creationists have tried many times to insert their tenets into the science curricula of public schools. I used to have a cartoon posted on my office door that showed a thick volume titled Texas Science Textbook: King James Version.
The courts have largely stymied the creationists, but the ideological armies march on. Here in Texas, where election to the State Board of Education turns more on purity of creed than academic qualifications, students get the Fox News version of social studies. Textbooks are required to tout "American Exceptionalism," and the glories of the free market. Among the surprising "facts" that Texas students learn is that Mosaic law laid the basis for the American Constitution, that the Civil War was not chiefly about slavery (which might not have been so terribly bad after all), and that, by golly, ol' Joe McCarthy really did find some commies lurking in the federal government.
Now the ideologues have set their sights on higher education. Their approach is much subtler here. They do not aim so much to impose a curriculum (though the Koch brothers have made a stab in this direction). Their aim is far more fundamental and insidious. Their goal is nothing less than the destruction of the ancient and venerable academic culture.
The culture of academe is the product of a historical development that began with the founding of Plato's Academy 2400 years ago. This academic culture recognizes the essential role of research and the necessity of protecting the intellectual independence of researchers by the institution of tenure. Legitimate research cannot be accomplished if researchers are required to toe a doctrinal line or avoid offending the powers-that-be. As Socrates asserted long ago, researchers must be free to follow the argument wherever it leads, even if it leads to conclusions that politicians and administrators do not like.
Academics further recognize that, far from being opposed, research and teaching are complementary. Research brings fresh ideas, new perspectives, and deeper insights, and the most effective teachers are those who enliven their instruction with the stimulus of fresh thinking. Conversely, though this is less often recognized, the skills developed by teaching are also helpful to researchers. Teaching students demands a rigorous clarity of thought that can communicate the essence of a concept without oversimplifying. Such clarity is a helpful correction to the academic occupational hazard of letting jargon substitute for thinking.
Ideologues of the right, with increasing support from politicians, and even from some university administrators, now want to impose a "business model" on academe. On this model, students are customers, and universities are in the business of manufacturing degrees. If universities are businesses, then the main function of a professor is to generate income. To that end, professors should teach more and larger courses. They should teach few specialized courses for small groups of advanced students. Rather, they should mostly teach big courses and their salaries and promotions should turn largely on how many butts are in the seats in their classrooms. If professors are to teach more and larger classes, then, obviously, there will be less or no time for research. However, proponents of the business model disparage most academic research. Unless research generates grant money, it is to be discouraged.
If professors don't like these changes, you get rid of them! In fact, this process is already well underway. Nationwide, full-time, i.e. tenured or tenure-track, professors are being replaced by adjuncts who receive low pay, no benefits, and have no job security. Conservatives have long despised academics because scholarly research refuses to line up behind right-wing hobby horses. For instance, academic research debunks right-wing views on evolution, climate change, supply-side economics, "reparative therapy" for gay people, and abstinence-only sex education. The real nemesis of conservative ideology is objective reality. As Jon Stewart puts it, the facts have a liberal bias. So, the academic researcher is disparaged and despised for dumping the cold water of reason onto the wishful thinking of conservatives.
So, what is wrong with the "business model" for higher education? Business models are great -- for businesses. However, educating human beings is not like manufacturing and marketing widgets. For one thing, students are not customers. The customer is always right, but the student is not always right. The professor, like a medical doctor, has the responsibility of telling people what they need to hear, not what they want to hear. Further, unlike selling widgets, success in education simply cannot be quantified in terms of moving so many units in a given time. A degree is not a tangible thing; it is a symbol, a symbol of the attainment of a certain level of skill and knowledge. Viewing a degree as simply a marketed product makes the symbol more important than what it supposedly symbolizes. You are no longer educating. You are selling credentials.
Real conservatism -- the conservatism of Edmund Burke, not the incoherent mess that now goes by that name -- can be summarized by the slogan "If it isn't broken, don't fix it." Public higher education in our society is not yet broken, but it soon will be if the ideologues and the politicians keep "fixing" it their way.
More:

Oil Prices Slump Further After IEA Cuts ForecastThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

Worlds oldest captive African penguin undergoes radiation therapy for skin cancerBy Rachel Feltman December 12, 2014 Follow @rachelfeltman
A 40-year-old penguin named Tess underwent radiation therapy for skin cancer at Colorado State University. William Cotton/Colorado State University. Photo by William Cotton/Colorado State University. (Colorado State University)
Tess, the oldest African penguin in captivity, is a pretty special little lady: She's 40 years old, the oldest zoo-kept female of her species ever (and just two years shy of breaking the male record, too). And because African penguins are highly endangered, Tess is treasured by her keepers at the Pueblo Zoo in Colorado.
So when she was diagnosed with cancer — which is unusual for penguins in captivity — the zoo decided to get her the best treatment possible.
Tess the penguin from Pueblo Zoo is evaluated and treated for a sarcoma at Colorado State University. (William Cotton, Colorado State University)
You can see clips of Tess's treatment at Colorado State University in the video above. Her tumor (a pinto bean-sized mass on the side of her face) was shot with a 29-minute, 59-second dose of radiation focused into a tiny, precise beam. The treatment was so noninvasive that Tess went back to the zoo that very evening.
Two weeks later, she was reunited with the other penguins. She and her 33-year-old mate, Mongo, settled back into their nest.
A triumphant Tess with her mate, Mongo. (William Cotton, Colorado State University)
"If you didn't know her, you would never guess she's as old as she is," Kathy Wolyn, a Pueblo Zoo veterinarian, said in a statement . "That's why we wanted to pursue further treatment for her tumor."
Tess's keepers see her as a beacon of hope for her dwindling species. In the wild, most of her kind don't live past 20. And as commercial fishing makes competition for food in the penguins' native habitat of South Africa more dire, populations continue to dwindle. According to the Pueblo Zoo, their captive population has enough genetic diversity to sustain breeding for at least 100 years.
(William Cotton, Colorado State University)
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

http://twitter.com/david...http://twitter.com/david...
Rural jobs may soon lose labour intensivelabelWritten by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 2:13 am
In a move that could alter the labour-intensive nature of the rural job guarantee scheme, the Finance Ministry has suggested changing the wage-material ratio from the current 60:40 — as provided under the Act — to an equal 50:50.
This comes amid widespread criticism from several quarters of previous Rural Development minister Nitin Gadkari’s proposal to change the labour-material ratio to 51:49.
According to officials in the Rural Development Ministry, the Arun Jaitley-led Ministry has expressed in a note its opinion that the wage-material ratio could be made 50:50, instead of 51:49.
The Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) promises a 100 days of work every year to each rural household, and lays down a labour-material ratio of 60:40. This means that in order to generate maximum employment, 60 per cent of the cost will be spent on paying wages and 40 per cent on materials.
Following Gadkari’s proposal, the Rural Development Ministry had written to the Finance Ministry seeking to know if it would provide more funds to meet wage payments in case its share is reduced. Sources said the Finance Ministry then suggested that the ratio could be changed to an equal one. The note, however, remains silent on whether more funds would be provided.
The proposal could also set off an inter-ministerial clash, with Rural Development Minister Birender Singh recently assuring Parliament that there would be no dilution of the Act and that the wage-material ratio would remain as it is.
The Rural Development Ministry is yet to form up its opinion on the matter.
Altering the wage-material ratio requires only the Schedule to be amended and not the Act itself, hence it does not require legislative approval. Officials claim that increasing the share of the material component is not needed since it has never anyway exceeded 30 per cent in actual practice.
The Centre has been accused of attempting to “dilute” the Act and this suggestion could invite further criticism.
The argument behind increasing the share of the material component is to ensure that more durable assets are created through the scheme. Those opposing the move, however, argue that it would undermine the primary objective of the scheme — creating employment.

Explained: QUESTION OFCONVERSIONWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 2:11 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 8:25 am
Amid chaos in Parliament over alleged forced religious conversions in Agra, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu on Thursday called for central and state anti-conversion laws.
What does the Constitution say on freedom of religion?
Articles 25-30 guarantee citizens freedom of conscience and free profession, practice and propagation of religion. They also guarantee freedom to manage religious affairs, monetarily contribute to promotion of any religion, and to set up and administer educational institutions.
Was there a law on conversion before Independence?
The British did not enact any law. But many princely states did. Examples: Raigarh State Conversion Act, 1936, Patna Freedom of Religion Act, 1942, Sarguja State Apostasy Act, 1945, Udaipur State Anti-Conversion Act, 1946. Specific laws against conversion to Christianity were enacted in Bikaner, Jodhpur, Kalahandi and Kota.
What happened after Independence?
In 1954, Parliament took up for consideration the Indian Conversion (Regulation and Registration) Bill. Six years later, another law, the Backward Communities (Religious Protection) Bill, 1960, was proposed to stop conversion. Both were dropped for want of support. However, Orissa, Madhya Pradesh and Arunachal Pradesh passed anti-conversion laws in 1967, 1968 and 1978 respectively. Later, similar laws were passed by the state assemblies of Chhattisgarh (2000), Tamil Nadu (2002), Gujarat (2003), Himachal Pradesh (2006), and Rajasthan (2008). The laws were intended to stop conversions by force or inducement, or fraudulently. Some of the laws made it mandatory to seek prior permission from local authorities before conversion.
What offences do forced conversions attract?
These laws made forced conversion a cognisable offence under sections 295 A and 298 of the Indian Penal Code, which pertain to malicious and deliberate intention to hurt the religious sentiments of others. They attract a prison term of up to three years and fine. The punishment, in some cases, is harsher if the offence is committed against a minor, a woman or an SC or ST person.
What legal challenge have these laws faced?
The first major case in which the Supreme Court ruled on the freedom of religion and on conversions related to petitions challenging the conversion laws of Orissa and MP in 1967-68. In 1977, a constitution bench headed by then Chief Justice of India A N Ray upheld the validity of the laws, saying freedom to propagate one’s religion, as stipulated under Article 25 (1), did not grant a fundamental right to convert another person. The bench ruled that a purposive conversion would impinge on the “freedom of conscience” guaranteed to all citizens.
What are the other significant judgments on conversion?
In the Sarla Mudgal case (1995), the Supreme Court held that conversion to Islam was not valid if done only in order to be able to practise polygamy. It was held to be an act of bigamy prohibited u/s 17 of Hindu Marriage Act, 1955, and punishable under Section 494 IPC. The second marriage would be void, the SC observed. continued…

4 of RSS Muslim wing detained for carrying provocative bookletsWritten by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Madhupur |
Posted: December 13, 2014 2:10 am
Four members of the Muslim wing of RSS were detained by the Returning Officer of Madhupur constituency for allegedly possessing inflammatory literature, which blamed Congress for most of the riots in the country.
The controversial booklets titled Congress Ka Benaqaab Chehra alleged that more riots happened under the Congress’s watch than in BJP rule. Each booklet has 20 pages — 10 each in Hindi and Urdu  — which is written by one of the detained members Maulana Mazhar Imam Qadri, but it does not mention the name of the publisher.
The members of Muslim Rashtriya Manch, all from North Dinajpur in West Bengal, were detained on December 8, but they were later let-off on personal guarantee of local BJP leaders. Returning Officer Nand Kishore Lal, however, is pushing for imposition of stricter charges.
“Maulana Mazhar Qadri, who says he wrote the booklet, told us that he campaigned in UP during the Lok Sabha elections with it. He revealed that his team reaches a spot two-three days ahead of BJP president Amit Shah holding a meeting to distribute the booklets and interacts with community members,” Lal said.
“I have written to the Madhupur DSP, asking why they let the men go without booking them for promoting enmity and circulating materials spreading rumour and fear,” he said.
“…. Congress has presided over the most Hindu-Muslim riots, yet Muslims look up to Congress as their messiah. We have to decide now as to who the “maut ka saudagar” is; you will understand that the Gandhi family is the maut ka saudagar. It is time the people boycott Congress and form a platform to support BJP,” the booklet states.
The literature mostly talks about the Operation Polo, the code name of the Hyderabad “Police Action” in September 1948 when military forced its Nizam to annex the state in the Indian Union. It mentioned alleged atrocities on Muslims during that period. The booklet also accused Assam CM Tarun Gogoi of working against the community.
The four men were detained when the Returning Officer and his team during a routine operation raided Burdwan Guest House of local BJP leader Avni Bhushan. Around 200 copies of the booklet was found on them.
Qadri along with Mohd Aslam, Mohd  Junaid Alam and Mohd Masoud Raza had earlier been to Barhi and Barkatha constituencies. Amit Shah had addressed a rally at Barhi on December 1.
In a video clipping made available to The Indian Express, Qadri says he is a madrasa teacher who works for the Manch in Delhi. “We want to tell Muslims that they have voted for the Congress for 60 years. We want to tell them to give their votes to the BJP,” he said.
Madhupur, which would go to poll on December 14 in the fourth phase of Assembly elections in Jharkhand, is  considered as the entrance to the Santhal Pargana region of the state. Elections on 16 seats in the region would be held continued…

At Least 2 Shot at Portland High Schoolat least 2 shot at portland high school
Oil a mania momentum trade: Prooil a mania momentum trade: pro
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)You are here:  ET Home › MF ›ETF
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)
An exchange traded fund looks like a mutual fund that tracks an index, a commodity or a basket of assets like an index fund, but trades like a stock on an exchange. ETFs experience price changes throughout the day as they are bought and sold. When you buy shares of an ETF, you are buying shares of a portfolio that tracks the yield and return of its native index. The main difference between ETFs and other types of index funds is that ETFs don't try to outperform their corresponding index, but simply replicate its performance. ETFs don't try to beat the market, they try to be the market.

Jewel punished for violating disability settlementJewel punished for violating disability settlement
David Klobucar, Chicago Tribune
By Ameet Sachdev Chicago Tribune
Judge punishes Jewel-Osco for violating EEOC settlement.
A federal judge has punished Jewel-Osco for violating a settlement of a lawsuit that accused the grocery chain of discriminating against employees who wanted to return to work after disability leave.
Jewel has to pay more than $82,000 in back wages to three former employees, according to an opinion by U.S. District Judge Ronald Guzman.
In holding Jewel in contempt, Guzman also ordered the company to cover the legal costs of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for bringing the contempt action.
cComments
It should be noted that in 2011, Jewel was a SuperValu company. In 2013, it was sold and now has different owners, (New) Alberston's whose biggest owner is Cerberus Capital. New owners, new standards? Tangentially, Albertson's will merge with Safeway in the next week or two, meaning...
AChicagoan
3
As part of the 2011 settlement, Jewel consented to reform its human-resources policies, train managers and regularly report to the EEOC for three years. Guzman extended the consent decree for one year. In a concession to Jewel, the judge on Tuesday declined the EEOC's request to appoint a monitor to ensure compliance with the settlement.
"The EEOC does not rush to have companies held in contempt of court for violating consent decrees; in fact it is very rare," John Hendrickson, regional attorney in the agency's Chicago office, said in a statement. "But as this case should make clear, when an employer has violated a decree and refused to come into compliance … it will not hesitate to seek the courts' assistance in forcing employers to live up to the agreements they have entered into."
In a statement, Jewel-Osco said the company respects the judge's ruling and is pleased he did not appoint a monitor.
"Jewel-Osco believes in the fair and equitable treatment of all of its employees, and fully complies with all federal, state and local laws in assessing our associates in need of accommodations," the company said. "We believe that the one-year extension of the reporting obligations to the EEOC will reveal as much, and finalize this issue."
The EEOC alleged in 2009 that Jewel violated the Americans with Disabilities Act by terminating workers with disabilities at the end of medical leaves of absence rather than bringing them back to work with reasonable accommodations. The company did not admit to any wrongdoing but agreed to pay $3.2 million to 110 former employees.
In monitoring Jewel, the agency claimed the company continued to discriminate and filed the contempt action in 2012.
Tribune reporter Jessica Wohl contributed.

Legislative oversight of ComEd smart grid delayed until 2019Legislative oversight of ComEd smart grid delayed until 2019
Smart grid
Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune
ComEd Senior Energy Technician Brian Malloy installs a smart meter on a home in North Riverside.
ComEd Senior Energy Technician Brian Malloy installs a smart meter on a home in North Riverside. (Michael Tercha, Chicago Tribune)
By Julie Wernau Chicago Tribune contact the reporter
ComEd can avoid legislative oversight of smart grid until 2019
Commonwealth Edison and Ameren Illinois can avoid legislative oversight until 2019 and continue to spend ratepayer money on building a digital "smart grid" as a result of Illinois Senate action Thursday.
The Senate voted 40-4 with two abstentions to approve a measure that would extend by two years the date utilities must inform the legislature of their progress on the program. The measure cleared the House last month.
0
The legislative approval is significant because the 2011 law that allowed the utilities to begin the smart grid project required them to report on their progress on installing smart meters and meeting other goals before being allowed to move forward.
For ComEd, the extension means it won't have to check in with legislators until after nearly all the money has been spent. As part of a law passed in 2011, ComEd pledged to digitize the electrical grid in exchange for $2.6 billion in consumer rate increases over 10 years.
A spokesman for Gov. Pat Quinn said the governor would review the measure.
The Citizens Utility Board, a Chicago-based consumer advocacy group, had urged legislators to postpone action on the measure until ComEd had more information to provide.
About $784 million has been spent so far on the ComEd program, according to its filings with regulators.
ComEd plans to be finished with the smart grid investments in 2018, according to its filings.
While ComEd has provided some grid upgrade information to regulators, little is known about how one of the key components of the program — the rollout of digital smart meters for the utility's 3.8 million customers — is faring for consumers and businesses.
Smart meters were a key selling point of the grid modernization. The utility said the meters as well as savings from operations would reduce electric bills for ratepayers and give them more control over their electricity use.
ComEd said that information will be filed with state regulators in 2015, once it has a "full year of smart meter data."
The project was delayed because ComEd battled with regulators over how it should be paid for the program. That, in turn, delayed the smart meter rollout.

The Game is ending  but 87.7 FM will keep going6
As a radio station, FM 87.7 has made some waves in Chicago.
Originally known as WLFM-LP, it started as an outlet for Spanish language MTV Tr3s. Subsequently, WLFM received approval from Arbitron (now Nielsen) to be rated as a radio station and rolled out a country music format in April 2009.
One month later, WNUA-FM 95.5 dropped its smooth jazz format after 22 years, creating an opportunity for WLFM to pick up its displaced listeners. The station switched from country to smooth jazz within a day.
Ratings were strong for WLFM as a smooth jazz station, which was run by former WNUA general sales manager Pat Kelley and featured former WNUA on-air personality Rick O'Dell as program director and midday host.
But creating business success as a small, stand-alone radio station in Chicago proved rough.
"We realized the radio market is tough when you're a singleton," Koplin said. "The cost of sales is high."
In April 2012, Venture Technologies signed a local marketing agreement to lease the frequency to Merlin Media, a now-defunct radio group run by former Tribune Co. CEO Randy Michaels. The call letters were switched to WKQX and the alternative rock format that Merlin dropped a year earlier when it acquired Q101 was revived on FM 87.7. The alternative format generated strong ratings, ranking 23rd in Chicago with a 1.7 share last year at this time, according to Nielsen.
In January, Cumulus Media took over operations of Merlin's Chicago combo, WLUP-FM 97.9 and FM 101.1, through a four-year local marketing agreement, with a firm option to buy the stations.
It moved the alternative format and call letters back to FM 101.1, and FM 87.7 was returned to Venture Technologies.
One month later, WGN struck a deal, and The Game was born.
The Game's roster didn't build much of a fan base during its short run, ranking tied for 36th among Chicago stations with a 0.5 share in the latest Nielsen survey. WSCR-AM 670, owned by CBS Radio, has a 2.3 share, while ESPN's WMVP-AM 1000 has a 1.7 share, according to Nielsen.
Michael Harrison, publisher of Talkers Magazine, a radio trade publication, said The Game may have needed more time to establish an audience, something few media companies are willing to give a fledgling format these days.
"It's very hard to get anything off the ground these days unless you have momentum, unless there's a huge vacuum or unless you do it better than anybody else," Harrison said.
"It's an impatient world. If you don't get it going immediately, it's considered a failure."

How will Google  Apple shake up car insurance industryHow will Google, Apple shake up car insurance industry?
Adam Wolffbrandt / Chicago Tribune
A driver texts as she waits for the left green arrow on South Wacker Drive toward West Monroe Street.
A driver texts as she waits for the left green arrow on South Wacker Drive toward West Monroe Street. (Adam Wolffbrandt / Chicago Tribune)
Google, Apple seen as potential disrupters in car insurance industry
Smartphones would help insurers monitor drivers more cheaply, but would control be lost?
Car insurance industry, meet potential disrupters Google and Apple.
Currently, nearly all mainstream insurers that offer driver-monitoring programs use relatively expensive devices that plug into a portal under the dashboard.
Usage-based insurance programs, also called telematics, are a small but growing segment of the auto insurance business.
Developing Android and iPhone smartphone apps, in contrast, would cut carriers' upfront costs when they offer telematics insurance programs, which track policyholder habits such as mileage and braking in exchange for potential savings on insurance.
The prospect of smartphones becoming the central nervous system of usage-based insurance could disrupt the property and casualty industry, which historically has gathered its own loss data and kept that information in-house.
Tribune Graphics
Tribune Graphics
Google and Apple also have other advantages, including being ubiquitous in the lives of many consumers and having been accepted as big data collectors.
"Because of what Google and Apple can do, they are in the position to gather so much data, and that data may be more insightful than traditional variables," such as credit scoring and motor vehicle records, said Sandeep Puri, a Deloitte consulting director and co-founder of D-rive, the firm's auto insurance telematics business. He offered his insights while participating in a Telematics Update panel discussion titled "Big Impact Disrupters Enter the Market" in Chicago.
The balance of power in driver-monitoring programs could shift to Google and Apple if smartphones catch on as usage-based insurance policies, Puri and other speakers at the event suggested.
They also raised questions such as: What happens when, say, Google has the data about losses to insurers? Does it charge insurers for it?
8
That also could possibly make obsolete or minimize the importance of underwriting criteria that insurers, whose major players include Northbrook-based Allstate and Bloomington, Ill.-based State Farm, have used for decades.
"Insurance companies do stand a risk of being somewhat disenfranchised from activities they've more or less controlled" at a time when the industry's economic model is also pressured by such trends as safer cars and an aging population, Puri said.
Google and Apple didn't respond to requests for comment.
To be sure, the percentage of consumers who have or have had usage-based insurance policies is small: 8percent as of July 2014, according to a survey of 1,000 U.S. consumers by Towers Watson, a consulting firm.
Still, that's nearly double the percentage in February 2013, Towers Watson said.
The growing appeal of telematics coincides with the waning of drivers' privacy concerns. Over the same 17 months, the percentage of drivers who said they were uneasy with insurers monitoring their driving locations has fallen to 35 percent from 42 percent, Towers Watson said.
Meanwhile, about 80 percent of smartphone owners said it's acceptable to download apps onto their phones that would track their driving, the Towers survey said.
"Google represents a huge opportunity for the insurance industry" because the Android smartphone will help insurers launch usage-based insurance programs faster and cheaper, Ryan Morrison, chief executive of True Mileage, said on the telematics update disrupter panel.
True Mileage makes devices that collect mileage and other driving information by connecting to an outlet just below the steering wheel.
cComments
Thanks, a very interesting piece. Whilst great aggregators of the data, I've seen many debates on mobile app vs plug in or in-car device. Think of the scenario - a high speed crash that sees the smart phone launched from the passenger seat to the passenger foot well vs the device...
nigel.walsh
1
For the past two years, attendees at Telematics Update in Chicago have debated whether the future of usage-based insurance should hinge on stand-alone gadgets or mobile apps. One reason: Devices such as Allstate's Drivewise and Progressive's Snapshot are considered more accurate barometers of driving behavior than any available apps.
But cellphones are getting smarter and more sensitive, lessening the need for a plug-in device.
At Chicago's auto show this year, Progressive announced a contest for developers of mobile apps that sense driving habits.
The Mayfield Village, Ohio-based company said it would compare results of the mobile app with data gleaned from the Snapshot device in the same car to see how consistent they were.
"It's progressing well, and we're pleased with the results we're seeing," Progressive spokeswoman Amanda Lupica said. She didn't elaborate.
Allstate also this year began testing a smartphone app called Drivewise Mobile, which is available in 19 states and Washington, D.C., but not Illinois, company spokesman Justin Herndon said last week.
"We will continue to expand that footprint in 2015," Herndon said.
Drivewise, including the plug-in device, is available in 47 states, including Illinois, and has logged 5.3 billion miles of driving data, Herndon said.
Google and Apple have their own programs to get their technology into cars. Apple in March announced CarPlay, which gives iPhone users the ability to easily make calls, use Apple Maps, listen to music and access messages by touch or voice commands. Drivers connect their iPhones to their cars through a cable.
They can then control CarPlay from their car's built-in display or by pushing and holding a button on the steering wheel to activate Siri, Apple's iOS voice system. Certain third-party apps also work.
A few months later, Google, which owns the rival Android operating system, came out with Android Auto, which also has steering wheel controls and voice actions.
Several major automakers, including Audi, Honda, Nissan, Subaru, Jeep, Dodge, Chrysler, Chevrolet, Mazda and Volvo, have said they will support both CarPlay and Android Auto, the Los Angeles Times has reported.
Catherine McCullough, executive director of the Intelligent Car Coalition, said at the Chicago conference that programs such as CarPlay will bring the conversation about connected cars to the kitchen table.
"A lot of tech companies are geniuses at getting people to give them enormously personal information by clicking through a contract that no one reads and doing with it pretty much what they will," said McCullough, whose coalition is a proponent of connected cars.
In December 2013, Ford — in conjunction with State Farm and the University of Michigan — unveiled an "automated" research vehicle. The goal is to incorporate technology into vehicles to enable them to "communicate with each other and the world around them to make driving safer" and reduce congestion. State Farm recently declined to provide an update.
In October 2014, an analyst asked Allstate why it doesn't strike a deal with an automaker to work on connected cars.
"The average age of the fleet is 11 years old," Chief Executive Tom Wilson responded. "So there are a whole bunch of people out there driving that we would like to offer them the opportunity to get more sophisticated pricing as opposed to waiting until they buy a new car."
But Wilson said Allstate is "actively in conversations with everybody," including automakers and telecommunications companies, about driver-monitoring programs.

Grain Higher  Livestock LowerThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

Report That Grumpy Cat Earned $100 Million Is  Completely InaccurateReport That Grumpy Cat Earned $100 Million Is 'Completely Inaccurate'
Posted:
Updated:
08/12/2014 22:29 IST
In this undated photo provided by Nestle Purina PetCare is Grumpy Cat. It probably won't affect her famous mood, but Grumpy Cat now has an endorsement deal. The St. Louis-based company announced Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2013, the frown-faced Internet sensation, real name Tardar Sauce, is now the "spokescat" for a Friskies brand of cat food. (AP Photo/Nestle Purina PetCare) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
Email
Comment
A news report that the Internet sensation known as Grumpy Cat has earned $100 million is "completely inaccurate," the cat's owner, Tabatha Bundesen, told The Huffington Post.
The British tabloid The Daily Express reported on Sunday that Grumpy Cat had earned 64 million British pounds, or roughly $100 million, for Bundesen.
Bundesen declined to comment on her cat's specific earnings. She said she is considering how and when to give a full interview to set the record straight. She said her TV deal with Lifetime likely meant she would provide additional details to that channel.
Grumpy Cat's agent, Ben Lashes, who calls himself a " meme manager ," did not immediately respond to a request for comment from The Huffington Post.
The Daily Express did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Grumpy Cat, whose real name is Tardar Sauce, became an Internet meme for being a very grumpy looking cat. Her YouTube page now has more than 16 million views, and she has an endorsement deal with Friskies cat food. She also has "authored" two books, the first of which became a New York Times bestseller, and has a movie -– "Grumpy Cat’s Worst Christmas Ever" -– currently airing on Lifetime.
More:

Amazon Prepping Drone  Bike Deliveryamazon prepping drone  bike delivery
How to Fail Your Way to Startup Successreddit
Failure. You've likely read articles on how to avoid it or turn it around, but rarely how to deal with it openly and transparently. Yet, failure is a business reality. Every entrepreneur - and every successful company - has undoubtedly experienced more than a few gut-wrenching moments of demoralization and market loss, before forging ahead and rising to the next level.
In truth, the fear of failure keeps brilliant business initiatives from happening. It's too bad. Risk taking and big thinking have always coincided with the potential for failure - countered by the possibility of great reward. For a business or entrepreneur, failure gives us the opportunity to pause, rethink, revise and learn the value of persistence.
As a co-founder of a lean startup, I know this grueling "how to fail" process all too well.  Five years ago, you may have been tempted to join our critics - forecasting a slow and painful demise. We've certainly had our share of hard days and lean times.
Most company success stories seem to start with the initial light-bulb moment, then skip to their success, completely glossing over the failures that built the backbone of their business. Exhilarating, but far from reality. That being said, here are the top three market failures my company encountered - and how each one helped shape who we are today.
Failure #1: Take Unsuccessful Advice
TSheets, an online time tracking app, sprang from a side project when I owned a printer cartridge business with 30 employees and several locations. After finding one of my nicest, most honest employees fudging a few minutes on her time card, I realized I was losing money (if she was doing it, all my employees were)! Thinking it would be an easy problem to solve (this was 2005), I quickly found my ideal solution of an inexpensive, online and multi-location solution didn't exist. So I hired a software programmer and friend to build a custom app. The end product (a very basic rendition of what we have today) caused our bookkeeper to enthusiastically suggest, "you should sell it!"
So we did. I funded the company myself initially, then in 2008 raised a very modest amount of capital. Our future, we thought, was riding on a big "launch" into the marketplace. Our strategy was based on advice from an outside marketing contractor to make time tracking viral and sexy. That is, IF we had the "right" message and made it dirt-cheap. I relied solely on the advice of a third party who had no vested interested in our success.
We "launched" according to his advice and the strategy failed. It would be our first of three go-to-market failures.
Lesson learned: Looking back, I took advice from someone who had no roster of real client success. Now, I never take advice from somebody unless they've had proven success in the specific area I need, and our interests of success are aligned. Taken another step further, I now have mentors for every area of my life: from leadership to relationships, finances, family, and business.
Failure #2: Hire a Sales Force
Our second market strategy was in my sweet spot. I was sure it would succeed. With a background in cold-blooded B2B sales, I knew I could sell my way out of any pickle. I hired a stable full of thoroughbred sales people, gave them calling lists, training, and a quota. I anticipated the sales would roll in. Nothing happened to any significance and our second strategy failed miserably. We had run out of money for payroll, were forced to scale down to only essential staff, and moved into a free space.
Those were some low times, but we still hadn't hit rock bottom. We eventually received some publicity and in the comment section of the online publication, got hammered with slams like: "That company will never be a success." "If he [the CEO] believes mobile time tracking will work, he is a joke."
That was our final blow. My co-founder and I walked out of our borrowed office space, lay down on the grass, and literally stared up at the sky, trying to figure out the basics. Asking questions like: "Who are we?" "What the hell do we even do?" "Does our product provide any value to the world?" We were out of money and running on a skeleton staff - with almost no growth in three years. It was getting tough to be optimistic.
We agreed to sleep on it and meet early the next morning to decide our fate. We both still believed.
Lesson learned: Every person on our staff has to be a believer. Believe in our company, our core values, and in the value that our product brings to others. They also need to believe in the possibility of themselves. This results in a dynamic and inspiring place to work, even when the chips seem to be stacked against us.
Failure #3: Underbid Your Efforts
Our third market failure is actually something that helped us survive initially. We offered custom development and paid-for implementations to any company that wanted us. If a customer asked for a feature, we would build it for a nominal fee.  We underbid the development but it created enough cash to survive a few more months.
While it helped us keep the lights on, we knew this strategy was neither sustainable nor scalable. We couldn't customize our product for every customer.  However, it turned out that these customizations, requested (and partially designed) by customers would soon turn into differentiating features that have helped TSheets stay leagues apart from the competition.
Lesson learned: While undervaluing our product wasn't sustainable, we were able to use that period of time to "crack the code" on our business. We learned that very rarely do startups go as planned. By staying optimistic and being willing to pivot, we stayed alive. The quote, "Remember that guy who gave up? Neither does anyone else" couldn't be more true.
As we've failed our way to success at TSheets, now growing at 150% year over year and in 45 countries, there's a quote by Calvin Coolidge, that I read repeatedly not only to myself, but our staff as well:
"Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan 'press on' has solved and will always solve the problems of the human race."
I've realized there's always going to be someone. There's always going to be someone with a better location, better funding, a higher IQ, entrepreneurial pedigree, or better education. The deck is most likely stacked against you. It's up to you to decide what YOU are going to do. Then, come hell or high water, do it.
Building a startup can be difficult, often punctuated with painful failures. Through our failures, we discovered they were part of the process needed for success.  We restored our belief in our vision and ourselves, and we decided to persist. While difficult, it's also the exciting part - it's where the possibilities lie. So press on.
Follow Matt Rissell on Twitter: www.twitter.com/mattrissell
More:

The Most Shazamed Song Of All Timereddit
Electronic dance music performer Avicii may be the artist who most frequently inspires people to say, "OMG I love this song, who is it?!" according to new data released Wednesday by Shazam.
The popular music app, available on smartphones and computers , lets people identify music based on what it sounds like -- if you're in a bar and something you like comes on the speaker, you can activate the app, and it'll tell you what's playing.
According to the new Shazam Hall of Fame , Avicii's song "Wake Me Up" has been looked up on the Shazam service more than 19 million times. Robin Thicke's "Blurred Lines" came in second with more than 18 million Shazams, while Gotye's "Somebody That I Used To Know" came in third with more than 16 million.
Beyonce, Apple's artist of the year and reigning Queen of America , was nowhere to be found on the list Shazam provided, which covers 82 songs that have each been Shazamed at least 5 million times. Taylor Swift was far down the list at number 71. It's unclear what their relatively low positions might mean -- perhaps it's that their music is more likely to be recognized, and thus not Shazamed, than the likes of Avicii and Robin Thicke.
Here are the 25 most Shazamed tracks of all time for you to peruse. You can see the play number of Shazams in parentheses.
1. Avicii - Wake Me Up (19 million +)
2. Robin Thicke Feat. T.I. & Pharrell - Blurred Lines (18 million +)
3. Gotye Feat. Kimbra - Somebody That I Used To Know (16 million +)
4. Passenger - Let Her Go (15 million +)
5. Clean Bandit Feat. Jess Glynne - Rather Be (14 million +)
6. Macklemore & Ryan Lewis Feat. Wanz - Thrift Shop (14 million +)
7. Macklemore & Ryan Lewis Feat. Ray Dalton - Can't Hold Us (12 million +)
8. OneRepublic - Counting Stars (11 million +)
9. P!nk Feat. Nate Ruess - Just Give Me A Reason (11 million +)
10. Daft Punk Feat. Pharrell Williams - Get Lucky (11 million +)
11. Lorde - Royals (10 million +)
12. Katy Perry Feat. Juicy J - Dark Horse (10 million +)
13. Capital Cities - Safe And Sound (10 million +)
14. Lilly Wood & The Prick & Robin Schulz - Prayer In C (Robin Schulz Remix) (10 million +)
15. Martin Garrix - Animals (10 million +)
16. Pharrell Williams - Happy (Gru's Theme From Despicable Me 2) (10 million +)
17. will.i.am Feat. Britney Spears - Scream & Shout (10 million +)
18. The Lumineers - Ho Hey (10 million +)
19. Mr. Probz - Waves (Robin Schulz Remix) (9 million +)
20. Milky Chance - Stolen Dance (9 million +)
21. Fun. Feat. Janelle Monáe - We Are Young (9 million +)
22. John Legend - All Of Me (9 million +)
23. Swedish House Mafia Feat. John Martin - Don't You Worry Child (9 million +)
24. Klingande - Jubel (8 million +)
25. Rihanna Feat. Mikky Ekko - Stay (8 million +)
Shazam also announced an app overhaul that will give users "personalized music news," along with updates about what's trending among friends that use the app. Users will also be able to make playlists if they also subscribe to compatible streaming apps like Rdio and Spotify.
More:

No steering wheel No problemDon't call it 'My Little Pony'
For now, “to Google” means to plug a word or phrase into an internet search engine. There may come a time, however, when “Googling” means something quite different.
In May, the Silicon Valley giant revealed a prototype for its Google Self-Driving Car, and promptly announced plans to put a fleet of 100 of the little bubbles on the road. The two-seat electric runabouts, which will negotiate urban traffic, traverse complex interchanges and brave mall parking lots with no human intervention, stand to change the definition of getting around for a generation of motorists. “I’m Googling to the grocery store,” they will say, or, “Can you give me a Google to work?”
A brief ride in one of the autonomous pods at London’s Heathrow Airport demonstrated – to someone who loves driving enough to make a career of it – just how pleasant it can be to sit back, gaze at the scenery and leave the motoring to the car. But while the Heathrow pods operate along a closed loop between Terminal 5 and the business car park, the Google car is intended for the real world: stopping at red lights, yielding to pedestrians, swinging through the Starbucks drive-through, all of it.
Atop the roof is a spinning array comprised of 64 lasers, which maps the world as the car moves, recording more than a million data points each second. This spatial information, and position data from GPS mapping software, allow the car to navigate public roads – and share them with human-driven cars. And Google’s greatest vote of confidence in its car’s autonomous gifts? The car lacks any sort of manual override controls. There is no steering wheel, no brake or throttle pedals, no shifter.  
It is a product-planning decision that only highly driven individuals would make.
Second Opinion: 2015 Volkswagen e-Golf
(Volkswagen of America)
The Volkswagen e-Golf looks, feels and behaves like a Golf. If that seems like faint praise, consider that the seventh generation of VW’s best-seller is, by global consensus, also the best - executed vehicle in its segment.That it absorbs an electric powertrain so nonchalantly is remarkable enough, but the crowning achievement of VW’s first pure EV is its polish. Even dialled to “touchy”, brake regeneration never causes a driver’s head to jerk forward, and power – available from zero rpm – is meted out in big, proton-packed dollops. The e-Golf is not marketed as a luxury vehicle, yet it is unquestionably a trophy car. – Jonathan Schultz
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
Fascinating Cars of 2014
Editor Matthew Phenix and deputy editor Jonathan Schultz revisited the most fascinating cars of the year. Click here in coming weeks for more honorees.

Fewer People Believe In American Dream  Poll Findsfewer people believe in american dream  poll finds
Revisiting My Fathers Nobel Acceptance Speech  50 Years LaterEmail
Comment
"I accept this award on behalf of a civil rights movement which is moving with determination and a majestic scorn for risk and danger to establish a reign of freedom and a rule of justice."
Fifty years ago, on December 10, 1964, my father, Martin Luther King, Jr., spoke these words on a stage in Oslo, Norway as he accepted the Nobel Peace Prize for his nonviolent philosophy and strategy.
Five days ago, as this nation and world were reeling from a grand jury's decision not to indict the officer who choked Eric Garner on a Staten Island street until he was gasping for breath, many were outraged and "moving with determination and a majestic scorn for risk and danger." They did so, and are continuing to do so, in hopes of establishing "a reign of freedom and a rule of justice."
A half-century later, my father's words are still powerful, still relevant. Justice, racial equality, and the Beloved Community that he often described are still, to paraphrase Victor Hugo, ideas whose time has come. In fact, their time is long overdue.
This begs the question, "Why have we not made more progress towards the manifestation of global justice, racial equality, and the Beloved Community within this great world house that we inhabit?" Simple: We have not fully embraced the answer that my father shared in his Nobel acceptance speech, in which he stated "Nonviolence is the answer to the crucial political and moral question of our time... nonviolence is not sterile passivity, but a powerful moral force which makes for social transformation."
Nonviolence... not passive, but powerful. Nonviolence... not just to mend, but to make for social transformation. Nonviolence... an antidote for what ails the global community and a lifestyle for humanity to aspire to and embrace.
Like my father, I believe that nonviolence is the antidote to what he called "the triple evils of racism, poverty and militarism." These three evils were consuming our hopes for community in 1964, and, fifty years later, we remain divided because of their festering effects. The challenge remains. We are still in danger of non-existence because of our lack of determined, nonviolent attention to these triple evils.
"Sooner or later" said my father in Oslo, "all of the people of the world will have to discover a way to live together in peace, and thereby transform this pending cosmic elegy into a creative psalm of brotherhood. If this is to be achieved, man must evolve for all human conflict a method, which rejects revenge, aggression and retaliation. The foundation of such a method is love."
As this quote from his Nobel acceptance speech conveys, my father considered nonviolence to be a transformative way to live together in peace and prevent our self-destruction. He also deemed nonviolence the love-centered method for addressing human conflict. Nonviolence is therefore pro-active and re-active. It is a revolutionary map for navigating our behavior, thoughts and words, even between nations.
Imagine if nonviolence permeated our faith and families, our entertainment and our education systems. Consider all of the possibilities for positive global progress if we utilized nonviolence as the central value of our culture, encompassing our law enforcement and labor practices, which currently include people in numerous nations working for inhumane wages in unhealthy conditions. As you imagine and consider, think about this: It starts with you. It starts with me.
These notions often seem lofty because we desire that someone other than ourselves initiate the change and we find ourselves awaiting a leader. However, what is required now for us to spread Nonviolence across the globe is the individual faith and refusal to accept man's current condition as permanent. My father embodied and expressed this faith and refusal in his Nobel acceptance speech.
He stated, "I accept this award today with an abiding faith in America and an audacious faith in the future of mankind. I refuse to accept despair as the final response to the ambiguities of history. I refuse to accept the idea that the "isness" of man's present nature makes him morally incapable of reaching up for the eternal "oughtness" that forever confronts him. I refuse to accept the idea that man is mere flotsom and jetsom in the river of life, unable to influence the unfolding events which surround him. I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality."
We must rediscover our faith in the future and join with one another to ensure that Nonviolence is the prevalent choice for government, law enforcement, the non-profit sector, business, education, media, entertainment, arts, and for the global citizenry. It starts with you. It starts with me. Then, together, we can build the Beloved Community within our great World House.
Let's not be discouraged by the violence and tragedies in Ferguson, Staten Island, Cleveland and elsewhere. Let's not be disheartened by the tides of fear and violence. And let's not get distracted from the challenge -- and the vision -- Martin Luther King, Jr, presented to our nation and world a half century ago today: "There is still hope for a brighter tomorrow. I believe that wounded justice, lying prostrate on the blood-flowing streets of our nations, can be lifted from this dust of shame to reign supreme among the children of men. I have the audacity to believe that peoples everywhere can have three meals a day for their bodies, education and culture for their minds, and dignity, equality and freedom for their spirits. I believe that what self-centered men have torn down men other-centered can build up."
It is time for humanity to reset our spiritual compass from self-centeredness to other-centeredness. Let's accept the challenge to make the Beloved Community a reality, for we still have a choice between nonviolent co-existence or violent co-annihilation. Now is the time to choose Nonviolence 365.
Follow Bernice A. King on Twitter: www.twitter.com/berniceking
More:

Kings of the Hill: The Congressional Holiday BallFROM:  White House Social Office
RE:  Holiday Ball
Welcome to President and Mrs. Obama's Congressional Holiday Ball. To facilitate an evening free of faux pas, here are some helpful tips:
1. For your convenience, this year we have arranged for a subpoena Drop-Off, located directly adjacent to the coat check.  Please do not attempt to serve the President with your subpoena while taking your picture with him. It slows the line and causes long delays.
2. The attire for the evening is black tie.  T-shirts that say "Obama Sucks," "Made In Kenya," "Deport Obama," etc. should be worn discreetly under tuxedo shirts, preferably not showing through the fabric.
3. Screaming, "You Lie!" to the President when he says, "Good to see you again," is frowned upon.
4. Please do not eat those little mini hot dogs while calling the President  socialist, fascist, communist, or other words ending in -st, as saliva-saturated, half-chewed food remnants tend to travel quickly from one's angrily-frothing lips.
5. All utensils are plastic. This will avoid the practice of Members stealing knives to stick in each other's backs during Leadership elections.
6. Please refrain from slipping your "granpappy's" home-brew for acid reflux into the President's jacket pocket.
7. Despite  the President' s well-known sense  of humor, please do not try to elicit laughter during the photo session with lines like:
a.       Smile and say impeeaaaacccchhhh!
b.      Smile and say repeeeaaaalllll!
c.       Smile and say Prevacid!
8. A cromnibus is a form of legislation. It is not a dessert.
9. Entry to the Ball may be made at the following locations:
a.       East Executive Drive
c.       15th and G St, NW.
d.      Scaling the fence and serpentining across the south lawn.
10. Last year's joke -- giving the Vice President your valet parking receipt and asking him to "pull it around ASAP" -- was funny, like, the first fifty times. Enough. Also, the Vice President has been instructed not to run into the White House parking lot to retrieve your vehicle.
11. This year, Members of the President's Cabinet will be easily identified by "Hello, My Name Is Secretary" so-and-so. This will avoid confusion with White House servers. It will also assist you in identifying the proper Secretary for obligatory press releases demanding resignations when a project does not get funded in your district.
12. Please note: The Blue Room and Red Room are merely historic designations, not "turf." We will not tolerate a repeat of last year's "rumble," when a freshman Democrat wandered into the Red Room with a plate filled with veggies and a Pinot Noir.
13. Shutting down the federal government is not okay. Shutting down the bar is. Preferably by 8 pm.
Follow Rep. Steve Israel on Twitter: www.twitter.com/repsteveisrael
More:

Diane von Furstenberg s 10 Inspirational Quotes For Female Entrepreneursreddit
Diane von Furstenberg is best known as the iconic fashion designer behind the famed, chic wrap desk.  She is also a successful entrepreneur and founder of DvF, a multi-million dollar global luxury lifestyle brand. Diane recently spoke at the American Express CEO Bootcamp event for female entrepreneurs and provided a candid discussion on what it takes to succeed, her rise to fame, and her advice to fellow business owners.
She provided several interesting tidbits about her career path including the fact that she did not have a business plan for decades and is only now realizing the need for one.  She also shared that for many years she took her famed wrap dress for granted and even resented it, even though it paid her bills and put her on the map.  It was only recently as she planned the celebration for the 40th anniversary of the dress that she began to realize the value of the dress and how it truly defined her brand, vision, and company.  Diane also talked about the fact that she has made many mistakes but does not regret any of them because she has learned from all of them.  When asked about her biggest challenge she stated "the truth is I don't remember; because if it was something that is bad I turned it into something good".
It was hard to pick just 10 quotes from DvF, because almost every one of her statements involved an inspirational quote or nugget of wisdom that a female entrepreneur could apply to her business.   Here are a few of my favorites:
1.) "You cannot minimize the power of confidence.  Confidence about business and who you are.  You can say the same thing but if you say it with confidence, it sounds differently.  You can't fake it."
2.) "Regardless of your business model, you have to have your truth, believe your truth and stay on brand.  It is all about the relationship you have with yourself - trust yourself to know that you can do it."
3.) "You can learn a lot from my mistakes more than my success."
4.)"I never tried to make a fashion statement, I was a conduit for the dress.  When I created that little wrap dress I did not know that I was creating something that would last 40 years".
5.) "Its always the daughters that bring back the mothers, its important to stay close to the young."
6.) Diane's advice for budding entrepreneurs: "Go for it! Make sure it makes sense".
7.) "Be true to yourself, be true to your idea but be hard on yourself and judge your product.  And once you have been hard on yourself, than be nice to yourself...Listen to everyone but follow your heart, so when you make mistakes they are your own mistakes"
8.) "I never feel it was a disadvantage to be a woman, it is my duty to try and empower others.  If I have a voice it my duty to give voice to women that don't...through my work by making them sexy....through mentoring, through philanthropy."
9.) "Be the woman you want to be.  When you go to bed, think about the woman you want to be because if you think it, you will be it."
10.) "Style is not about what you wear but how you are"
For more inspirational quotes from successful women business leaders, click here .
For Arianna Huffington's secrets to success, click here .
Anjali Varma is "The Modern Mompreneur", her site and YouTube channel provide entrepreneurship, lifestyle, and parenting tips for the modern mom. She is also the owner of Kidville Bethesda , an enrichment facility that offers classes, retail, haircuts, and birthday parties for newborns - 6 years old. You can find Anjali on Twitter and Instagram @anjvarma
Follow Anjali Varma on Twitter: www.twitter.com/anjvarma
More:

Delhi HC stops sale of Xiaomi phonesNEW DELHI, December 11, 2014
Updated: December 11, 2014 14:49 IST
Delhi HC stops sale of Xiaomi phones
PTI
Tweet
REUTERS
Three models of China's Xiaomi Mi phones are pictured during their launch in New Delhi July 15, 2014.
TOPICS
patent, copyright and trademark
The Delhi High Court in an interim order has restrained Xiaomi as well as online e-commerce site Flipkart from selling in India handsets of the Chinese mobile maker that run on the technology patented by Ericsson.
The court has also restrained Xiaomi or its agents from making, assembling, importing or offering for sale its devices which are infringing the mobile phone technology patented by Ericsson.
Justice G P Mittal directed the customs authorities to prevent import of Xiaomi phones that are infringing the patents of Ericsson and if any consignment is imported, the same be informed to Ericsson and its objections be decided as per the Intellectual Property Rules.
“I am satisfied that plaintiff (Ericsson) has made out a prima facie case for grant of ad interim injunction in its favour. The balance of convenience also lies in favour of plaintiff and in the absence of an injunction order, plaintiff will suffer irreparable loss and injury,” the court said.
It also issued summons and notice to Xiaomi and Flipkart and directed them to file an affidavit disclosing the number of devices — that are AMR, EDGE and 3G compliant — sold by them in India till date.
They have to also indicate in the affidavit the revenue earned by selling these devices till date.
The court has also appointed three local commissioners to visit the premises of Xiaomi and Flipkart where the devices are stored in order to inspect and collect documents as well as seal the infringing mobiles.
The total fees of the local commissioners, amounting to Rs 3.5 lakh shall be borne by Ericsson apart from travel and stay expenses, it said.
The local commissioners have to submit their report within four weeks, it also said.
The order was passed on the plea of Ericsson that Xiaomi has been violating its eight patents pertaining to AMR, EDGE and 3G technologies in the field of telecommunication.
Ericsson has said that it had invited Xiaomi to use its patented technology by obtaining a licence, but instead of doing so, the Chinese manufacturer launched its devices in India in July 2014.

Starboard buys Staples stake  UPS Office Depot holdingStarboard buys Staples stake, UPS Office Depot holding
Starboard buys Staples stake, UPS Office Depot holding
Activist investor Starboard Value LP has bought a 5.1 percent stake in Staples and increased its holding in Office Depot to 9.9 percent, in a move that could increase pressure on the two companies to merge.
Activist investor Starboard Value LP has bought a 5.1 percent stake in Staples and increased its holding in Office Depot to 9.9 percent, in a move that could increase pressure on the two companies to merge.
Activist investor Starboard Value LP has bought a 5.1 percent stake in Staples and increased its holding in Office Depot to 9.9 percent, in a move that could increase pressure on the two companies to merge.
This video is featured in these articles:

Its a Shame Body Shaming Is Part of American CultureEmail
Comment
Body shaming is a part of American culture, at once abhorrent and everywhere. Women are shamed for being fat, skinny, tall, short, flat chested, busty, too plain, too sexy. But lately, there seems to be a different response from women -- frustration followed by acceptance and moving on.
Modern women are saying, sure, looks may matter. But they're not that big of a deal, just one aspect of a complex person who can be described in a number of ways: my size is not all of who I am.
One way women, particularly celebrity women, have stood up to fat shaming has been to disregard the comments and name calling, refusing to be called "fat" or stating a certain pride in their bodies.
After designer Karl Lagerfeld called British singer Adele "a little too fat," she told People magazine that she embraced her curves. "I've never wanted to look like models on the cover of magazines," she said. "I represent the majority of women, and I'm very proud of that."
Actress Melissa McCarthy recently told Redbook that she asked multiple designers to make her a dress two Oscar seasons ago. They all said no. She was disappointed."I don't understand why if you're a certain size, designers think your taste level goes down," she said in the interview. But then, frustrated by the lack of options, she took matters in her own hands, working with a designer on her own gowns. She will debut an original line of plus-sized clothing in the spring.
The public is also showing their appreciation. When Mekayla Diehl, Miss Indiana USA, showed off her bikini body, Twitter responded in praise of her "normal" body.
And not all women are afraid of the word "fat," or necessarily proud of how they look.
That's OK, too.
In an episode of Louie, the character Vanessa, played by actress Sarah Baker, put it this way to the show's titular character, played by comedian Louis C.K.: "The meanest thing you can say to a fat girl? It's 'you're not fat.' "
The line was part of a nearly seven-minute speech about society's persistent fat shaming and the double standards that make it "adorable" for a man to admit he's overweight, yet something closer to pathetic for a women to do the same. As Vanessa says, "It's too much for people. ... they call the suicide hotline on me."
Being fat, after all, is still viewed as the most horrible, devastating thing a woman could be -- a date with a destiny comprised of a houseful of cats.
As Vanessa tells Louie in that episode, being fat "sucks," but it's just one thing about her. She's also funny, fun, smart and confident. She has a good job. She doesn't need to call on euphemisms to describe how she looks. She's not "full-figured." She's not curvy or plus-size. She's fat. It might not be the best thing about her, but it's also not the worst thing.
And it might be the most important message women, and men, have heard so far.
Women used to shy away from calling themselves overweight as a way to protest thin culture and rebel against society's fixation on what women look like and what size jeans they wear.
But the truth is that the focus on appearance is not going away, least of all for women.
We live in a time when tabloids routinely question whether female celebrities are pregnant and dissect their bikini bodies. And yet a male celebrity can run around on the beach with a bit of a pouch and a girl 15 years his junior and no one talks about how liberated he is for "embracing his flaws" nor about his transformation when, months later, he loses the extra weight.
Female celebrities, though, get covers and four-page features on the topic.
So instead of ignoring their weight, pretending it doesn't exist or doesn't matter to them or to anyone else, McCarthy, Baker and other modern women are acknowledging and owning it -- then dismissing its significance.
And that's even more powerful.
Follow Dr. Peggy Drexler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drpeggydrexler
More:

No Single Country Can Solve Climate ChangeEmail
Comment
I touched down in Lima, Peru, today for the international climate change conference for a simple reason: There is a time for evaluating evidence, and there is a time for taking decisive action -- and the time to act is now, before it is too late to heed the warning. The world rarely gets advance warning of a global catastrophe. But for decades we have accumulated verifiable scientific evidence that climate change imperils all of us, no matter where we live or how we make our living. This is personal and the risks are real for all of us.
Climate change is a monumental test of global leadership. It transcends borders and economic status. Every nation has a responsibility to step up and respond to this threat because every nation is at risk. Thirteen of the 14 warmest years on record have occurred since 2000, and 2014 is on track to be the warmest of all. Extensive regions from southern Africa and New Zealand to Brazil and the western United States are experiencing record droughts. Farmers are slaughtering animals because they don't have enough food and water to keep them alive. Other regions are suffering historic floods and rising sea levels that threaten lives and livelihoods.
Peru offers a powerful reminder of the stakes. It is home to 70 percent of the world's tropical glaciers, nearly all of the world's major ecosystems and to more fish species than anywhere else on Earth. All of this diversity is at risk.
For the United States, the changing climate is more than an environmental issue -- powerful as the environmental argument is -- this is also a critical national security issue. It will spawn new vulnerabilities to extremism driven by famine and economic dislocation. Rising sea levels could flood some military bases and the increasing magnitude of natural disasters at home and abroad will strain our resources.
The threat of climate change is screaming at us. We must approach this global threat with the urgency that it warrants. We must work together, rich nations and developing nations as well, to avoid the instability and vulnerability that will surely befall us if we fail to heed the warning on climate change.
Over the next year, we must build on the discussions taking place in Lima to come up with an ambitious climate agreement that will provide the framework for the global cooperation that is essential to saving the Earth as we know it.
Industrialized nations have to play a leadership role. The historic agreement signed by President Barack Obama and President Xi Jinping in November was a leadership triumph and a clear recognition that big countries have a responsibility to cut their emissions of greenhouse gases. I want to be very clear: The United States knows that we and other major industrial economies contributed significantly to this dilemma, before we fully understood the consequences. We recognize we have a responsibility to take the necessary steps to meeting our commitments to cutting these poisonous emissions and we are committed to doing so.
But the history of some countries doesn't give license to other nations today to repeat the same mistakes. Developing countries have a responsibility, too, to reduce emissions and adopt policies that respond to the dangers that are now so very clear. Here's an important fact: Roughly half the annual global emissions are now coming from developing countries.
We have time, but not much. Fortunately, there have been positive signs coming out of the Lima conference. We now have enough pledges from the international community to exceed the initial Green Climate Fund target of $10 billion. The United States is proud to be contributing $3 billion. And we are all grateful of the pledges made in recent days by countries like Australia, Belgium, Colombia and Peru. This fund will be critical in helping the most overburdened nations of the world do more to respond to the impact of climate change.
We must weigh the costs of our current practices against the price we are paying in terms of maintaining prosperity and stability over the next 10, 20 or 30 years. Coal and oil are cheap ways to power an economy in the near term, but I urge every nation to look further down the road. When you add up the bill, the costs are far higher than any of us will be able to pay.
This is a collective challenge. No one country can reverse the degradation of our climate. No single emissions source causes this massive harm to our planet. But science has given us the tools to deal with the broad array of causes and we must find a way to build the political will to start taking the steps today that will cut our emissions and save our planet tomorrow.
More:

California Prosecutors Sue UberCalifornia Prosecutors Sue Uber Over Background Checks
Posted:
reddit
SAN FRANCISCO -- Prosecutors in Los Angeles and San Francisco have sued Uber over its background check policies and other business practices, alleging that the popular ride-sharing service lied to give customers a false sense of security.
San Francisco District Attorney George Gascon announced Tuesday that he and Los Angeles County District Attorney Jackie Lacey had joined to sue San Francisco-based Uber, claiming that the company violated California law with fraudulent business practices. The lawsuit alleges that Uber lied to consumers about the strength of its background check system and charged UberX users a $1 "Safe Rides Fee" that falsely advertised the checks. The lawsuit also accuses the company of illegally operating at airports, charging riders fraudulent airport fees and calculating fares without consulting with state agencies.
Gascon chastised Uber for not using fingerprints or LiveScan when screening potential drivers, instead relying on driver-provided information. Uber, by calling its background check process "industry-leading," is "giving consumers a false sense of security when deciding whether to get into a stranger's car," Gascon said at a news conference.
"At the end of the day, you cannot conduct the most comprehensive background check possible if the info you have obtained has nothing to do with the person that is signing on with you to be a driver,” Gascon said . ”It is completely worthless.”
Lyft, a competing ride-share service also based in San Francisco, settled a similar lawsuit with the state, agreeing to pay $500,000 in civil penalties and resolve issues raised by the suit. Sidecar , another competitor, also is under investigation.
Uber said it had met with the district attorneys to discuss the concerns.
"Californians and California lawmakers all agree -- Uber is an integral, safe, and established part of the transportation ecosystem in the Golden State. Uber has met with the District Attorneys to address their concerns regarding airport operations, the uberPOOL product, background checks, and operation of the app," Uber spokeswoman Eva Behrend said in a statement provided to The Huffington Post. "We will continue to engage in discussions with the District Attorneys."
Ride-sharing services, which allow customers to summon a ride from their smartphones, have become hugely popular in recent years for providing a convenient and affordable alternative to traditional taxi services. However, the services have raised regulatory issues as states grapple with how ride-sharing fits with existing law.
Uber, the largest of the three biggest ride-sharing companies, has faced legal and publicity woes in recent weeks. Earlier Tuesday, Portland, Oregon, sued to stop the company from operating there. The service was suspended in Nevada and banned in the Netherlands , Spain and Thailand .
In New Delhi, Uber was blocked from operating after a driver was accused of raping a female passenger. The driver in question had been previously arrested on sexual assault charges. Additionally, a former Uber driver was charged Tuesday with misdemeanor vehicular manslaughter in the death of a 6-year-old girl who was struck in San Francisco last year.
Read the full lawsuit against Uber below:

Being SMART  after UberWritten by Abhinav Kumar |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:03 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 1:05 am
The nationwide outrage over the gruesome December 16, 2012, case was barely a fading memory when the shocking alleged rape of a young executive by a taxi driver working with Uber stirred our collective conscience and brought the issue of women’s safety into sharp focus again. As a police officer, and the father of a teenage daughter, this is an issue of intense professional and personal concern for me. Coming as it does just days after the prime minister, at a meeting in Guwahati, exhorted the police leadership to embrace the mantra of SMART policing (strict and sensitive; modern and mobile; alert and accountable; reliable and responsive; trained and techno-savvy), it is clear that the gap between public expectations and ground realities couldn’t possibly be wider than it is today. How to move to SMART policing in the age of Uber is a challenge that will vex the police leadership for the foreseeable future. India of the 21st century, an urbanising India, with greater gender equality and lesser deference to caste and communal faultlines, refuses to be policed by laws of the 19th century or by mindsets and tactics that go back even further. The gauntlet has been thrown down. It’s time for us in the IPS and the various organisations we lead to prove equal to the challenge.
There is a very real sense of public outrage over these two incidents, less than two years apart, and a somewhat less real but more relentless hysteria whipped up on electronic media to do “something”, a typical response to important public policy issues in our society. Delhi Police responded to the December 16 case by practically shutting down the night life of the city as well as issuing advisories to women about wearing “proper” clothes and avoiding unsafe places. This time, we have responded by shutting down Uber and other similar services, as well as by slapping a criminal case against the company for alleged laxity in verification of its partner-drivers. The case has also, once again, focused the spotlight on the glaring shortcomings in our basic transportation safety regulatory systems. Despite computerisation, driving licences continue to be available through touts and the system of background checks and police verification stands exposed as perfunctory. The blame game and the clamour to do something are likely to go on for a while. In this charged atmosphere, it is difficult to make practical and sensible suggestions without being denounced as a reactionary or a loony liberal. But for the sake of my daughter and millions continued…

No proof required: Move from NREGA to cash transfersWritten by Surjit S Bhalla |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:25 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 8:08 am
All Narendra Modi had to do was suggest that expenditures for the NREGA be restricted to the poorest 100 districts in India. Soon after, the sound and fury of the proponents of the NREGA descended upon those willing to disagree with them.
In a recent article, Abhijit Banerjee of MIT, one of the staunchest supporters of the NREGA, plaintively asks: “What’s the plan for MNREGA? Modi has to explain” (Hindustan Times, November 26). Banerjee admits that while there have been leakages in the NREGA in the past, according to the latest National Sample Survey (2011-12), the leaks have been substantially plugged, such that there is only 20 per cent leakage at present. Hence, there is no reason for PM Modi to reduce the size of the NREGA, and his demand for an explanation. In Banerjee’s own words: “Yet there are a lot of people who are beneficiaries of this [the NREGA] and will miss it when it is gone… Both sides (and indeed the entire nation) deserve to be told why this is the one UPA programme that has been singled out for the axe… [It is] one of the largest welfare programmes in the world. And contrary to what is sometimes suggested, these days, most of this money does not end up in the wrong pocket. Clement Imbert from Oxford University compared the number of days of MGNREGA employment reported in the National Sample Survey in 2011, with the corresponding report in the MGNREGA database, and found a gap of 20 per cent — implying that 20 per cent of the reported days of work did not happen. But 80 per cent did.”
For the debate to begin, and for Modi to answer the plea of Banerjee and the other leading 28 economists who have demanded a relook at the decision to reduce this programme, it is important to get the facts right.
The problem with the NREGA is that there is a lot of leakage, that is, individuals receive benefits and work payments for work that they have not done, or have done only on paper, or are not poor. One of the great ironies of history is that the chief architect of the NREGA, Jean Dreze, had written an article (“Loot for Work Programme”, July 1, 2005, The Times of India) that dealt with the extraordinary corruption in employment programmes. Dreze: “The problem may be illustrated with reference to the maintenance of ‘muster rolls’. These muster rolls are crucial documents, which contain (or are supposed to contain) detailed information on the number of days of work performed by, and wages paid to, each labourer…
In Palamau, muster rolls were fudged with some sophistication. continued…

E-mails expose spats  director calling Jolie a bratComments
The massive hacking of Sony Pictures ranges from executives' e-mails disparaging actors to leaked personal information. The Post's Cecilia Kang explains what has been revealed so far, and why it could get much worse for the production company. (Jayne W. Orenstein/The Washington Post)
By Cecilia Kang , Craig Timberg and Ellen Nakashima December 11, 2014 Follow @ceciliakang Follow @craigtimberg Follow @nakashimae
The hack of Sony Pictures Entertainment has escalated into a humiliating public crisis for the company as deeply held secrets — including business practices, pay disparities and ugly personal feuds — continue spilling onto the Internet in ways that experts say could damage the Hollywood studio for years to come.
The architects of the attack have shown little interest in the traditional targets of cyber-intrusions, such as credit cards, choosing instead to use information as a weapon of vengeance for supposed misdeeds by the company. The massive troves of stolen information have found a voracious audience online, where Sony long has been a favorite target because of its aggressive anti-piracy efforts.
The consequences for Sony have been swift and devastating since the attack became public last month, exposing the company to potential lawsuits and backlash from key Hollywood players.
The inside drama revealed this week was the unraveling of a high-profile project at Sony to produce a biopic of the late Apple founder Steve Jobs — the movie was eventually lost to a rival studio. Reams of e-mails were released showing one of the studio’s top executives embroiled in a fight with a powerful movie producer, with the producer at one point calling actress Angelina Jolie a “minimally talented spoiled brat,” according to ­e-mails published by Gawker .
In one exchange between Amy Pascal, Sony Pictures’ co-­chair, and Scott Rudin, the producer who brought the Jobs project to the studio, the two are arguing over Jolie, who wants director David Fincher to direct her movie on Cleopatra, rather than the Jobs biopic. Rudin is adamantly against letting Jolie have her way.
“She’s a camp event and a celebrity and that’s all and the last thing anybody needs is to make a giant bomb with her that any fool could see coming,” writes Rudin.
In yet another set of emails reported late Wednesday by Buzzfeed, Pascal and Rudin write about an upcoming fundraiser for President Obama. The two start guessing what movies and actors Obama might like, each one with a tie to African Americans.
“Should I ask him if he liked DJANGO?” says Pascal, according to the reported e-mails. Rudin writes back: “12 YEARS.” Pascal responds: “Or the butler. Or think like a man? [sic].” Rudin: “Ride-along. I bet he likes Kevin Hart.”
[Pascal apologized on Thursday. Read about it here .]
Business threats
Beyond the gossip about movie stars and failed projects, Sony now faces real-world financial and business threats. Leaked health information, Social Security numbers and other personal data about employees and actors could invite lawsuits under California’s strict laws on data protection. Data on employees’ and actors’ pay could be used in labor disputes and may ripple across the industry. Just last week the hackers, calling themselves “Guardians of Peace,” sent threatening e-mails to Sony employees.
But perhaps the most damaging will be harm to Sony’s reputation . With only a small portion of the documents — some reports put it at more than 100 terabytes — now online, the drip-drip-drip of revelations could continue for months or years.
“There is a ring of fire around the trade secrets of Hollywood, and the value of executives is in their ability to keep confidences and secrets and to maintain a level of distance,” said Jeremy Goldman, an entertainment and intellectual property attorney for Frankfurt Kurnit Klein & Selz.
The Sony hack has underscored the vulnerability of corporate computer systems in an increasingly connected world. In an era when even powerful U.S. government agencies have experienced large-scale theft of secrets, private companies often seem overmatched by hackers. The damage to Sony, which did not reply to a request for comment on Wednesday, could spur copycat attacks against other major companies, cybersecurity experts warn.
“I think it’s bad times ahead, and for the most part, people are not prepared for it,” said Haroon Meer, founder of Thinkst Applied Research, based in South Africa, which warned clients about the risk of similar attacks in a recent report.
A favorite target
Yet Sony long has been something of a favored target of hackers, enduring several significant intrusions. The most serious, in 2011, came after the company sued a prominent hacker for developing a way to breach the security on his Sony PlayStation.
The company has endured a wave of criticism — bordering on ridicule — in recent days for a reportedly lax approach to cybersecurity. In one widely mocked remark, Sony’s top information security official told CIO magazine in 2007 that it was “a valid business decision” to accept some cybersecurity risk because preventing an attack could be more expensive than simply enduring it.
“The phrase ‘blaming the victim’ is not a good one,” said Parker Higgins, director of copyright activism for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a civil liberties group. “But there are people who are willing to do that when the victim is Sony.”
Investigation continues
Investigators say they believe that the Sony hack probably emanated from North Korea , perhaps in retaliation for the company’s role in producing “The Interview,” a comedy built around a fictional CIA plot to assassinate that country’s leader, Kim Jong Un, say people familiar with the probe. The movie, which North Korean officials have publicly denounced, is due for release on Christmas. Government officials have denied responsibility for the hack.
Investigators have identified seven proxy servers around the world that the hackers used to route their attack, one of which was based at a hotel in Thailand. The others were in Poland, Italy, Cyprus, Bolivia, Singapore and the United States, said a person familiar with the investigation who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the probe remained incomplete.
The FBI, which has been investigating the incident, has not yet publicly fingered a culprit.
“Before we attribute a particular action or a particular actor, we like to sort the evidence in a very careful way to arrive at a level of confidence that we think justifies saying ‘Joe did it’ or ‘Sally did it,’ and we’re not at that point yet,” in the Sony case, FBI Director James B. Comey said in a roundtable session with reporters Tuesday.
Some movie producers and actors have jumped to Sony’s defense. “Lego Movie” producer and writer Philip Lord wrote on Twitter that the hack is “terrorism.” He said publishing the massive amount of information obtained by hackers “aids terrorists.” Director Judd Apatow also tweeted: “in life we all decide what is right and I think printing private information because evil people leaked it is wrong.”
Drawing back a veil
But the vast exposure of the inner workings of Sony has disoriented an industry built on confidentiality and relationships.
Seth Rogen was paid about $2 million more than his co-star James Franco in “The Interview,” according to Bloomberg News . Such information can be used by other actors in future negotiations. Sony documents on film expenses also included costs that are normally kept hidden but deducted from the pay of actors and directors.
“It opens the veil for Hollywood lawyers, filmmakers and actors who will now have information they can say they are entitled to,” said Jonathan Handel, an entertainment lawyer and professor at the University of Southern California. “This is really important access, because Hollywood studios are always claiming poverty and that they don’t make money on their movies, but then they go to Wall Street and say otherwise.”
Data on Sony’s employee pay revealed a huge gender gap among the highest-paid U.S. employees. According to data on 6,000 employees, 17 U.S. employees are making $1 million or more, and only one is a woman.
The leaked e-mails by Pascal cast a dark cloud over one of corporate America’s most powerful female executives.
The movie career of Pascal, once named one of Fortune Magazine’s most powerful women, took off in the late 1980s when she developed “Groundhog Day” and “Awakenings” for Columbia Pictures. She became co-chair of Sony Pictures Entertainment in 2003 and has overseen the development of such box-office hits as “The Amazing Spider-Man” and several James Bond films.
“To see very candid and rather brutally expressed opinions out there in the public is definitely going to hurt relationships,” Handel said.
Cecilia Kang is a staff writer covering the business of media and entertainment.
Craig Timberg is a national technology reporter for The Post.
Ellen Nakashima is a national security reporter for The Washington Post. She focuses on issues relating to intelligence, technology and civil liberties.

Sony s hacked e-mails expose internal dramaSony's hacked e-mails expose internal drama
Please enable flash to watch this video.
Your browser does not currently support live streaming video.
- The massive hacking of Sony Pictures ranges from executives' e-mails disparaging actors to leaked personal information. The Post's Cecilia Kang explains what has been revealed so far, and why it could get much worse for the production company. ()
RELATED LINKS
- The massive hacking of Sony Pictures ranges from executives' e-mails disparaging actors to leaked personal information. The Post's Cecilia Kang explains what has been revealed so far, and why it could get much worse for the production company. ()
Sony's hacked e-mails expose internal drama (1:32)
Playlist Entertainment

Telecom stocks up over 2% on additional spectrumTelecom stocks gain on additional spectrum
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 10.43AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(Telecom stocks gained over…)
Telecom stocks gained over 2 per cent in intraday trade on Friday over ET report that the government may include one slot for 3G services in spectrum auction.
Bharti Airtel gained as much as 2.22 per cent, while Idea Cellular was up 2.35 per cent. Reliance Communications gained 1.40 per cent.
Incremental spectrum will ease pressure on incumbents witnessing licence renewals, according to analysts.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Re slips to day s low of 62.50 versus $  recoversYou are here: Home > Collections
Rupee ends day at 62.29 versus US $
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 06.33PM IST
Tags:
forex
(Continuing its fall for…)
MUMBAI: Continuing its fall for a fifth straight day, the rupee lost further ground against the US dollar.
The Indian currency slipped to a fresh 10-month low of 62.505 against the US dollar in intraday deals at the Interbank Foreign Exchange due to sustained demand for the American unit from importers.
Forex dealers said apart from dollar's gains against other currencies overseas on upbeat US retail sales data, increased demand from oil importers for the American currency kept pressure on the rupee but a higher opening in the domestic equity market capped the fall.
The rupee had plummeted to a 10-month low of 62.33 against the greenback, down 31 paise in yesterday's trade, on strong dollar demand due to oil firms stepping up purchases of crude oil which is trading near 5-year lows.
(With inputs from PTI)

The Hobbit: The battles of the five armies- A grand finaleDirector: Peter Jackson
Cast: Martin Freeman, Ian McKellen, Richard Armitage, Luke Evans, Lee Pace, Cate Blanchett
In this final outing of Hobbit in the murky terrain, inhabited with quirky characters, Peter Jackson, without wasting any time, takes us straight into action with Smaug, the dragon, showering its fury on the Laketown before being silenced by the arrow of bowman Bard (Luke Evans). What follows though is a grind as Jackson resorts to overt sermonising. The inherent humour and wit that has been the characteristic of Hobbit franchise is sorely missing here because Hobbit himself is marginalised here for a large part.
As expected Thorin (Richard Armitage) falls in love with the treasure that the dragon leaves behind. As the greed creeps in, the king of dwarves goes back on his word and the war clouds start gathering all over again with the Elves asking for their share. Bard and his men also join elf prince (Lee Pace) after he fails to make Thorin see reason. It is left to the good old Gandalf (Ian Mckellen) and the well meaning Bilbo Baggins (Martin Freeman) to bring Thorin back from the brink for the real enemies are the barbarian Orcs, carrying out the wish of their dark lord Sauron.
By the third instalment, the emotional tapestry of the JRR Tolkien’s narrative has been stretched beyond its potential and it is very hard to get drawn into the thought behind the conflict. It is as specious as the cosmetic snout of many of the characters. What remains intact though is Jackson’s ability to mount massive battle scenes and the detailing that they demand. The conflict has begun to look cosmetic but his imagery still creates the awe-inspiring scenery.
Darker and more sinister than previous editions, the footage of elves, dwarves, orcs and many other creatures of different shapes and size using hammers and boulders to silence each other with evil bats in the sky and bizarre earthworms undulating on land, the childhood fantasies in you blossom all over again. Jackson brings the adventurous side of cinema to life and here he signs off with a blast.
This article has been corrected.

New govt policy on  representatives  for arms purchase  blacklisting soon: Manohar ParrikarBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 4:51 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 5:08 pm
Resolving to end perennial delays in arms procurement, Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday said government will unveil a “clear-cut” policy next month on engaging “representatives” for arms purchase and announce fresh norms to blacklist erring firms.
Promising a raft of steps to speed up military procurement, Parrikar said blacklisting of defence suppliers to root out corruption was not the only solution and indicated going for heavy penalties against erring firms.
“We should be in a position to have a very clear cut policy by January on representatives and on blacklisting. What does blacklisting mean. How far we can take it forward,” Parrikar said.
India’s military procurements have been dogged by long delays and allegations of graft and many defence experts had suggested legalising “agents” for speedy purchase of military hardware.
On having “representatives”, he said they should have a very clear agreement with the Defence Ministry on their fees and there should be provisions of heavy penalty on violators.
The former Goa Chief Minister said having “representative” with a very clear method of payment and fees was a better solution to the defence forces than delaying the procurement procedures.
“There should be a very clear agreement deposited with the Defence Ministry in advance. Very heavy penalty (should be imposed) if you violate that,” he said addressing Aaj Tak Agenda.
On issues like imposing penalty, he was quick to add that it was his “loud thinking” and that final decision will be taken later.
Underlining the need for speeding up defence procurement, the Minister said the government was working on ensuring transparency and said delay in decision-making allows entry of more agents.
“Jitna delay in decision making, utna agents jada khush ho jata hei (The agents are happier if there are more delays in decision-making),” he said.
Observing that blacklisting was not the only solution, the Defence Minister said Italian defence multinational Finmeccanica, which was blacklisted, has so many subsidiaries and wondered was it viable not to buy arms from any one of them.
Expressing concern over death of army personnel in various accidents, Parrikar said he will not allow any carelessness.
“Give me sometime I will establish accountability. I cannot lose soldiers while loading the gun. Definitely no.”
Asked whether the last 10 years were a lost decade in terms of modernisation of armed forces, he said, “It was a lost decade for defence forces but it was gain decade for many others.”
On his predecessor A K Antony, Parrikar, who is an IIT graduate, said, “There is no solution only by remaining honest.
“I agree that Antony may have a clean image that does mean the reflection of cleanliness in the actual procurement.

Indian rupee logs biggest weekly fall in four monthsForex update: Rupee logs biggest weekly fall against US dollar in four months on weak equities
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 18:35 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee marked its biggest weekly fall against in the Greenback in over four months on Friday, tracking a steep declines in domestic equities and broad dollar strength as the slump in crude oil prices raised concerns about the global economy.
The partially convertible rupee closed higher at 62.29/30 per dollar, after falling to as low as 62.5050, a level last seen on February 6. The domestic unit had closed at 62.33/34 on Thursday.
The rupee fell 0.82 per cent over the week to mark its worst weekly fall since August 1.
The falls in the rupee likely prompted intervention from the central bank, traders said.
"Rupee's bias would remain towards slow depreciation. Weak equities due to slumping crude opens the possibility of 63 plus on the unit in the near term," said Anindya Banerjee, currency research analyst at Kotak Securities.
The US dollar stayed firm against most of its major peers on Friday, thanks in part to upbeat US retail sales data.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) index Sensex fell for a fifth session in six on Friday to post its worst weekly fall in three years as foreign investors sold shares worth US $141.5 million in the last three sessions, regulatory data showed.
Caution also prevailed ahead of consumer inflation data later in the day. Analysts expect retail prices to have risen 4.5 per cent, the lowest advance since the data was released in 2012, which would reinforce expectations of early rate cuts by the Reserve Bank of India in 2015.
In the global commodity market, Brent crude prices slipped on Friday to below US $63 a barrel, its lowest since July 2009, on persistent concerns over a global supply glut and a sluggish oil demand outlook.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 62.58, while the three-month was at 63.11.
(Reuters)

The Budget Fight Was the First Skirmish in the War for the Soul of the Democratic Partyreddit
Progressives lost the battle over the budget last night because President Obama and a minority of Democrats took the side of Wall Street. It is the first of many losses we will see in the next two years as Republicans relentlessly pursue their corporate agenda. The bigger question is whether progressives will lose the war in the Democratic Party.
Blowing up this budget deal should have been easy for Democrats. They were handed a perfect message: the Republicans are willing to shut down the government so they can bail out Wall Street the next time it wrecks the economy.
Democratic votes were needed because a group of 67 right-wing Republicans opposed the bill on the grounds that it did not go far enough in opposing the president's executive order on immigration. The Republican split gave Democrats the leverage to demand that the bank bail-out provision be stripped from the bill.
But with President Obama twisting enough Democratic arms (57 in total) to give in to the Wall Street-engineered Republican blackmail, that powerful, winning message was diluted.
Democratic negotiators also agreed to the deal to repeal a provision of the Dodd-Frank law that prevents government bailouts of banks who engage in a form of risky trading. Their argument was "Republicans made us do it; it's the best we could do." But of course, with all the Wall Street money going to Democrats, that's a convenient excuse. They can turn around and wink at the lobbyists who deliver Wall Street campaign contributions, playing a game in which the dupes are the American people.
The bailout of banks and Wall Street speculators remains deeply and broadly unpopular. It is an issue that generates anger among grassroots activists on the left and the right. For Americans who see Wall Street billionaires getting richer by gaming the system while families struggle to meet the basics, there could be no clearer contrast.
Progressive Democrats fought back. In a rapid-fire display of the energy and nimbleness of progressive organizations and champions in Congress, the deal was quickly exposed.
Senator Elizabeth Warren laid it out clearly on the Senate floor : "We put this rule in place because people of all political persuasions were disgusted at the idea of future bailouts... Republicans in the House of Representatives are threatening to shut down the government if they don't get a chance to repeal it."
In the House, progressive Democrats joined the call. California Rep. Maxine Waters, the senior Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said , "We don't like lobbying that is being done by the president or anybody else that would allow us to support a bill that ... would give a big gift to Wall Street and the bankers who caused this country to almost go into a depression."
The vigorous pushback from progressive groups and their allies in Congress convinced Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi to break with the White House. Pelosi said that they were being "blackmailed" to vote for the bill, which she called "a moral hazard." Still, Pelosi did not use her considerable powers of persuasion to get fellow Democrats to vote no.
For the next two years we will see Republicans do everything they can to deliver for corporate America at the expense of the American people. The only question is whether Democrats will enable them. Will President Obama continue to make compromise after compromise? Will Democrats in the Senate use the filibuster to block the Republican attack on working families? Will enough Democrats in the House keep coming to the rescue of a divided Republican Party?
We will see the same fight in the Democratic primary for president. Will Hillary Clinton break from the Wall Street wing of the party with which she aligned as a senator from New York? Will her challengers make the same sharp contrast that Senator Warren did, when she began her speech on the Senate floor by asking, "Who does Congress work for? Does it work for the millionaires, the billionaires, the giant companies with their armies of lobbyists or lawyers? Or does it work for all the people?"
As I wrote after the election last month , Democrats who used a populist economic message -- who named the corporate villains and declared that "we all do better when we all do better" -- won. Democrats who ran to the mushy middle lost.
But this is not just a fight for the soul of the Democratic Party, it's a fight for our very democracy. As Justice Louis Brandeis said almost a century ago, "We may have a democracy or we may have great wealth concentrated in the hands of a few, but we cannot have both."
Americans are yearning for champions who stand up for them. If we have any hope of changing the direction of our economy from enriching the rich at the expense of the rest of us and of recapturing our democracy from the CEO campaign contributors and Wall Street bag men, it will be because progressive forces and elected champions stand up not just to Republicans but to President Obama and any Democrat who takes the side of Wall Street against America's working families.
It is clear that progressives and the American people will lose battle after battle in Congress over the next two years. The real question is whether we will lose the war. 

US warns India over  business as usual  with RussiaIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
The US today reemphasised that it was not the right time for “business as usual” with Russia, a day after India and Russia signed 20 bilateral agreements in key areas like oil, gas and defence during President Vladimir Putin’s visit to New Delhi.
“We’ve seen press reporting on India concluding business, nuclear and defence deals with Russia, but not confirmation of those agreements or specifics of what those agreements would entail. Our view remains that it’s not time for business as usual with Russia,” US State Department spokesperson Marie Harf said.
She also said it is not the time for the US to do business with Russia given its action in Ukraine.
Russia has been heavily sanctioned by the US and EU for their support of pro-Moscow rebels in eastern Ukraine as well as for Russia’s annexation of the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea earlier this year.
Ahead of Putin’s visit to New Delhi, the US state department last week had voiced concerns over possible bilateral agreements between India and Russia.
“As we’ve said before, now is not the time for business as usual with Russia,” the US state department spokesperson had said.
“We’ve conveyed this, certainly, to our allies and to our partners across the world,” she had said.
In a boost to their “special strategic partnership”, Russia yesterday agreed to build at least 12 nuclear reactors in India besides manufacturing advanced dual-use helicopters as the two countries signed 20 agreements in oil, gas, defence, investment and other key sectors.
Post Comments
More from economy

Russia presses for  comfortable biz climate ...You are here: Home > Collections > Mhz
Russia presses for 'comfortable business climate' in India
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 06.31PM IST
Tags:
Denis Manturov
(Sistema is the largest…)
NEW DELHI: Looking to deepen trade and economic ties with India, Russia today pressed for a "comfortable business climate" in tune with the relation the two nations share.
Asked about how the governments of the two countries were working to resolve outstanding issues, especially in reference to Russian conglomerate Sistema, Russian Trade & Industry Minister Denis Manturov said that certain aspects of business do not reflect on the relations between the leaders.
"For many years we have had very tight friendship between our countries. Certain aspects of business do not reflect on the relations between the leaders and the government cooperation".
"Business is always trying to find the shortest way to reach the goal. This shortest way is not always the best and always have many risks. Ofcourse the government will help ... We need to have a comfortable business climate between our two countries," Manturov told PTI.
Russian conglomerate Sistema's Indian arm has recently expressed discomfort on spectrum price. The company urged government to have a rethink on the spectrum price for 800 Mhz band and bring it at par with the market discovered price of 1800 Mhz.
Besides, Russia has also invited Indian companies to participate in its main industrial trade fair Innoprom next year.
"We invited Indian companies to participate in the Innoprom exhibition in 2015 and to be a partner country in the year 2016," Manturov said after a Ficci conference here.
The Innoprom trade fair will be held in Ekaterinburg, Russia between July 8-11, 2015.
Sistema is the largest private Russian company to invest in India. In telecom sector, the company has invested about $3.5 billion till date.
The next round of spectrum auction across three bands -- 800 Mhz (CDMA), 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz (both used for GSM services) -- is proposed to be held in February from which government expects to garner minimum of Rs 9,533 crore.
The CDMA base price at Rs 3,646 crore is more than base price fixed by government for November 2012 auction.
In 2012, the Supreme Court cancelled the licences of Sistema Shyam Teleservices' and later was asked to buy spectrum afresh for continuing operations in the country.
Government fixed price of 1.25 Mhz spectrum in CDMA (800 Mhz) band at Rs 4,550 crore for November 2012 auction. At this price, cost of 1 Mhz spectrum comes to Rs 3,640 crore. There was no bidder for the CDMA spectrum in that auction and the industry complained of high base price.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nightie ban in Navi Mumbai goes after a mighty dressing downUpdated: December 12, 2014 18:50 IST
Nightie ban in Navi Mumbai goes after a mighty dressing down
Rashmi Rajput
Tweet
The Hindu
File photo of a store selling nighties. A vigilante women’s group thinks the nighwear is "indecent" (Photo for representative purpose)
TOPICS
social issues (general)
Women’s group ‘bans’ nightgowns in public
Dubbing it ‘indecent’, a vigilante women’s group imposed a ‘ban’ on nightgowns or nighties as they are colloquially called, in a village in Navi Mumbai and even levied a fine on the alleged ‘offenders’. Navi Mumbai is a satellite town of Mumbai.
The order was affixed on a notice board at the entrance of the Gothivli village near Rabale in Navi Mumbai on Monday morning. It imposed a `ban' on women who sported nightgowns outside the confines of their home.
This dictate was the work of a local women’s group identified as Indrayani Mahila Mandal which declared the garment to be ‘indecent’ and inappropriate to be worn in public. A fine of Rs 500 was also slapped on who defied the rule.
However, when the local police learnt about the issue which could trigger an outrage, a meeting was called. At the end of the meeting the group apologized for the order which now stands ‘withdrawn’.
“The meeting was to convey sternly to the vigilante group that our laws don’t permit of such a ban and that personal liberty has been guaranteed by our constitution,” a police officer from the police station told The Hindu.

The Best Government Wall Street and the Billionaires Can Buyreddit
The past few days have provided vivid evidence that the U.S. government has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wall Street and other wealthy special interests and no longer a government of, by, and for the people.
It's only five weeks since the 2014 mid-term elections which cost $3.67 billion . Fewer, but larger, donors provided those funds than in past elections. The candidate who spent the most money won their race House race 94.2 percent of the time.
Yet despite the colossal sums spent on campaign ads, how many candidates ran on a platform promising to let banks make risky, taxpayer-guaranteed bets on the kind of complex financial derivatives that tanked the economy in 2008 and led to the government bailing out the big banks while millions of ordinary Americans lost their jobs and their homes? How many ran on a platform promising to gut what's left of the McCain/Feingold campaign finance reforms and allow millionaires and billionaires to donate 10 times the current limit to political parties, up to $1,296,000 a couple in a 2-year election cycle?
The answer, of course, is that almost no political candidates ran promising to enact such disastrous policies. And hardly any voters went to the polls hoping that their elected representatives would do these things.
Yet in buried riders to the just-passed omnibus spending bill, a majority of the House and Senate -- with votes from both Republicans and Democrats -- did exactly these things that are bad for the vast majority of Americans and good only for Wall Street and other billionaire special interests who fund elections.  And when some progressive Democrats led by Elizabeth Warren rebelled, President Obama lobbied Congress to put down the rebellion and ensure the bill passed so he may sign it.
If it wasn't clear before, it's crystal clear now that government enacts the will of its campaign contributors, not the will of the voters.
And what of President Obama, who doesn't have to raise money for another political run and in theory shouldn't have to worry about what bankers and billionaires think of his actions? Well, former President Bill Clinton helped set a model in which the presidency is just another revolving door through which middle class politicians can parlay the presidency into becoming multimillionaires after they leave office.
According to Hillary Clinton, the couple was "dead broke" when they left the White House.  Well, that didn't last long. Bill Clinton earned $104.9 million in speaking fees between 2001-2013 -- largely at secret events of business executives closed to the press. $19.6 million was from banks and financial firms alone. He was hired by Goldman Sachs to give 8 speeches for $1.35 million.
Does any sane person think these banks would be paying Bill Clinton hundreds of thousands of dollars for an hour of his time to listen to him say the government should break them up and their bonuses should be slashed? Of course not. The only rational explanation is that these fees were reward for services rendered in deregulating the banks during his presidency and a down payment on further influence over his wife Hillary.
Moreover, Bill Clinton earned tens of millions using his influence to help private equity firm Yucaipa Companies bring in business, before resigning to avoid potential embarrassment to Hillary during her 2008 presidential campaign. As the New York Times reported in 2006 , the arrangement was "an unusual one for a former president, giving him the potential to make tens of millions of dollars without great effort and at virtually no risk."
And lest anyone think President Hillary Clinton would represent a change from this pattern, since leaving public office Hillary Clinton earns roughly $200,000 a pop for giving behind-closed-doors talks to private equity firms like the Carlyle Group and KKR.
So would it be foolish to think that, faced with the promise of such riches when he leaves office in two years, Barack Obama might also be influenced by the opinions of big banks in supporting legislation that lets them bet on risky derivatives with taxpayer money and increase their political contributions to buy further influence?
Bill Clinton may have upped the ante, but parlaying the presidency into private wealth is a thoroughly bipartisan enterprise. George W. Bush, who was already wealthy, earned $15 million giving private speeches, mostly to business groups. An Alzheimer-addled former President Reagan earned $2 million for giving just 2 speeches in Japan. And does anyone think a former President Marco Rubio or Ted Cruz wouldn't follow a similar path?
As presidential historian Julian Zelizer said , paid speeches by former presidents are "another version of the revolving door between Capitol Hill and K Street".
With government so corrupted by big money, is it any wonder that only about 1/3 of the electorate thought their vote mattered enough to bother going to the polls in 2014? Is it any wonder than fewer small donors made campaign contributions this year, while the size of large campaign contributions increased? Just when a citizen revolt against the oligarchy is most needed, more and more Americans are unfortunately just giving up on our corrupted democracy.
More:

5 Big Privacy Predictions for 2015reddit
It seems like there were more companies that had privacy-related problems in 2014 than didn't. And the lucky ones that didn't "get got" were separated by only one or two degrees from those that did. As we look ahead to 2015, I see a mix of old privacy concerns along with a few emerging dangers.
Breaches are the new normal. Sony Pictures, the U.S. Postal Service, Home Depot, JPMorgan Chase, Goodwill, Staples, eBay, P.F. Chang's, Michaels, Neiman Marcus and Kmart, along with countless others, experienced major data compromises this year. It almost seems like the only reason this or that entity hasn't been involved in a privacy-related disaster is that the bad guys haven't gotten around to them yet. Of course there are things companies can do to avoid privacy pitfalls, but they too often don't do them. As a result, breaches will continue apace in the new year.
The flood of personally identifiable information released by these and other leaking entities will continue to make waves in 2015. This will be the year that consumers grok that what you can't see in the realm of data collection really can hurt you. Simple knowledge, like the fact that companies are not required to tell you their security protocols, will start to go mainstream. When that happens, it might be easier to get some federally mandated legislative remedies. In the meantime, consumers will approach privacy with extreme caution, dialing back the information they're willing to share.
If one of the big lessons of 2014 was how badly data security is handled, the next year should spur a more 24/7/365 approach. More and more, people know that even the strongest data fortress has a weakness--and that it often takes the form of an employee who didn't listen to security protocols when the training module about best data-security practices went around the office. This will become an HR harping point in 2015--read those security updates! And there will be progress on that front, too.
Here are five more issues that will come to the fore in the next year.
1. The New Privacy Sales Pitch
Privacy by design, the idea that a company should make privacy and data security a marketing point, will not be a factoid known only by the data-security crowd. Consumers will key into the way marketing campaigns talk about privacy and data-security. For some companies, this shift will take the form of an attractive privacy-by-design marketing plan that could convert the window-shopping curious into customers. For others, that same approach, however, may elicit an even warier attitude from consumers.
2. Data Will Matter in Lawsuits
Companies that harvest private information could very well be called to testify in lawsuits based on the data they hold. Telegraphing what will doubtless become a future strategy, a personal injury claim represented by McLeod Law in Calgary included evidence culled from Fitbit data to prove that a client was still suffering four years after an accident.
3. Sharing Will Decline
During this year's PrivacyXChange Forum, Kevin Ashton used big data to show attendees the location of people who shared pictures of cats on social media within the vicinity of the building where he was giving his talk. He was able to do this because iknowwhereyourcatlives.com had aggregated that data. Fitbit got in hot water recently because the default share setting was broadcasting the sex lives of users. Another device offered by Jawbone aggregated users' anonymized sleep habits without their knowledge. The more consumers realize how their information can be used and abused, the less they will share on social media and through their Internet of Things devices.
4. Chip-and-PIN Credit Cards Will Have a Bumpy Start
While 2015 is the year Chip-and-PIN credit card technology finally becomes the norm in North America, we've unfortunately already seen Chip-and-PIN scams . There will be glitches, most if not all of them born of bad management, that will occur due to poor implementation of the EMV technology that makes the cards more secure.
5. We'll See More Hyper-Targeted Cyberattacks
Sony Pictures was nearly gutted by a cyberattack recently. It's not clear who was responsible, but it is clear that the goal was malice. As one commentator said , "This was like a home invasion where after taking the family jewels the hackers set the house ablaze." There will be more Sony-style attacks targeting a single company for a particular reason in 2015. Another trend will be boiler room-style operations aimed at collecting information to game the stock market, as we saw recently in the biotech industry .
The year to come in privacy is going to be all about evolution--both of privacy-related crime and the protection of consumers' private information.
Follow Adam Levin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Adam_K_Levin
More:

India to reap $12 billion-plus budget windfall from oil slideCommodities see longest losing streak in 23 years
A plunge of nearly half in oil prices could help Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley reap a fiscal windfall of at least $12 billion when he presents his 2015/16 budget in February, two government sources said.
The savings would come in the form of reduced fuel subsidy costs and higher petrol and diesel levies, the sources said. In addition, finance ministry officials have proposed restoring a crude oil import duty that was scrapped in 2011.
As a result, the government would claw back most of the money that India saves on oil imports. That would help Jaitley hit borrowing targets but dilute any boost to consumption in Asia’s third-largest economy.
Energy-hungry India imports around 4 million barrels of oil per day and the net cost of the country’s oil imports is expected to total $88 billion in the fiscal year to next March, based on a budgeted oil price of $105 per barrel.
Officials drawing up Jaitley’s first full-year budget are pencilling in a view that oil prices will average $65-$70 in 2015/16. That would cut the national import bill by $18 billion – or 0.9 percent of GDP, they reckon.
“Benefits from the fall in oil prices would reflect in the budget through lower oil subsidies and higher tax projections next year,” one senior finance ministry official told Reuters.
The sources estimate that the overall fiscal boost can total 750 billion rupees ($12 billion). More than half, 400 billion rupees, would come from savings on oil subsidies.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in power since May, has freed prices for diesel, which account for 40 percent of consumption of refined fuels.
Taking advantage of the resulting fall in pump prices, his government has raised factory gate duties on petrol and diesel twice in the last month.
That means state coffers, and not drivers, will benefit to the tune of $1.6 billion this fiscal year and nearly $5 billion next year.
A revival in the profitability of state-owned oil refiners like Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Indian Oil Corporation could generate another $1 billion in extra revenues.
Further, ministry officials recommend restoring the old 5 percent crude oil import duty in full. This would require Modi’s approval, and if implemented could raise up to $4 billion more, lifting total potential fiscal gains to over $16 billion.
“A proposal to impose import duty on crude oil is under consideration,” said another finance ministry source. “The final decision could be announced in the budget.” Both sources requested anonymity, because they were not authorised to speak to the press on the record.
Jaitley is struggling to hit his fiscal deficit target of 4.1 percent of gross domestic product this fiscal year. He wants to cut it to 3.6 percent in 2015/16, and 3 percent in 2016/17.
Fiscal constraints leave little over for the wider economy, with consumers still cautious about their prospects and concerned that recent falls in inflation will be only temporary.
Although the price of diesel, used by truckers and farmers, has fallen by 6 percent in the past five months, drivers in India are now paying more to fill up than in the United States.
“The boost to household consumption is likely to be small,” said Shilan Shah, India Economist at Capital Economics in London. “The government has been able to take advantage of the windfall.”
By Shah’s reckoning, the oil windfall could help cut the budget deficit by 0.5 percent of GDP, as well as narrowing the current account gap and easing price pressures.
“This could lead to the RBI beginning to cut interest rates early next year, which on its own should have impact on economic growth,” said Shah.  ($1 = 61.8700 Indian rupees)
Post Comments
More from commodities

Foxconn to suspend operations at Chennai plantYou are here: Home > Collections > Sriperumbudur
Foxconn to suspend operations at Chennai plant
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 08.10PM IST
Tags:
FIH India Pvt Ltd
(Foxconn will suspend operations…)
CHENNAI: Electronics parts maker Foxconn will suspend operations at its facility near here from December 24, a development than will affect 1,700 workers and comes after its major customer Nokia shutting production at local facility in November.
However, employees of the contract manufacturer of mobile phone parts have threatened to go on strike against the management's decision to suspend operations.
Foxconn said, "We can confirm that our India operation, FIH India Pvt Ltd , will be suspending all operations at our manufacturing facility in Chennai effective December 24, 2014."
Noting that about 1,700 employees would be affected by this move, the company said it was working with the government and the "relevant" labour unions to ensure that "this action is carried out in a manner that follows all relevant laws and regulations and is fair."
The company said it is suspending operations at the plant following a change in manufacturing requirements of clients in India.
However, workers threatened to go on strike to protest the management's decision.
"A meeting in the presence of Assistant Labour Commissioner was held today. There were people from the management and representatives of the Union. The issue was discussed and we have clearly explained our stand that the employees should not be removed from service," an official of CITU-backed workers' union told PTI.
The development at Foxconn India factory comes after the suspension of production at Nokia's facility at Sriperumbudur which was excluded out of the USD 7.2 billion deal the Finnish handset maker had inked with Microsoft.
Following the exclusion of the Nokia plant, several employees were up against management decision as some of them were there right from day the plant was inaugurated in 2006.
Nokia was one of the major customers for Foxconn. Besides serving Nokia, Foxconn has been involved in shipping some of the products to China and Vietnam .
Foxconn has invested around Rs 850 crore at two facilities present in the campus of Nokia Special Economic Zone and SIPCOT Industrial Park at Sriperumbudur.
"This action also related to a restructuring being carried out of our India operations that is designed to ensure that we are able to meet both the current and future needs of our customers in that important market," Foxconn said.
According to Union officials, about 70 per cent of products manufactured at the plant was served to Nokia unit which suspended production from November 1.
Asked about their next course of action, Union sources said there would be second round of tripartite talks on December 18.
"We want our jobs to be secured. We are planning to meet Labour Minister and also the State Government representatives seeking their support. We will not hesitate to go on strike," a union representative said.
Earlier, a Tamil Nadu government official had told PTI that besides Foxconn, several ancillary units that were supplying parts to Nokia had seen impact on their revenue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oslo: Malala bursts into tears seeing her blood-stained uniformprint
Nobel Peace Prize winners Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai watch Malala´s blood stained school uniform at the opening of the Nobel Peace Prize exhibition at the Nobel Peace Center. (AFP Photo)
The sight of blood-spattered school uniform she was wearing the day the Taliban shot her, made Pakistan's teen Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai burst into tears, prompting fellow awardee India's Kailash Satyarthi to comfort her saying "you are so brave".
The blue tunic, white headscarf and white trousers, stained brown by dried blood, are on display at an exhibition dedicated to the 17-year-old education campaigner and her fellow 2014 Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailash Satyarthi, which the activists jointly inaugurated in the Norwegian capital.
As she was touring the exhibition yesterday, the sight of her blood-soaked school uniform, which were displayed in a glass case, made the global teen icon burst into tears, Norwegian news agency NTB reported.
Satyarthi, 60, comforted her with a hug and a kiss on her head. "You are so brave, you are so brave," he told her. Honouring Malala's own wish, the uniform has been made part of the "Nobel Peace Prize exhibition 2014 - Malala and Kailash" at Norway.
This is the first time Malala's uniform is being shown in public.
The uniform has been kept by Malala's family since she was shot in the head by a Taliban gunman in October 2012. The bullet which hit Malala in the head went through her neck and lodged in the muscle above her shoulder blade. After the shooting she was moved to Birmingham in the UK for extensive surgery.
On Wednesday, Malala became the youngest person ever to receive the Nobel Peace Prize.
Malala and Satyarthi were awarded the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education.

With a bullet: Oil slumps  debt declines  sheepA ruling that overturned the conviction of two accused of insider trading could have further fallout, especially if you’ve been convicted of insider trading .
Americans are getting out of debt. U.S. debt levels, relative to income, are at their lowest in a decade .
Securities and Exchange Commissioner Mary Jo White warned mutual funds against getting into investments that may be difficult to get out of.
American Airlines says it will spend $2 billion to upgrade service for high-end passengers , including lie-flat seats, wi-fi on international flights, more entertainment offerings and upgraded airport lounges.
Sony film executive Amy Pascal says she has support of CEO Kazuo Hirai , despite making racial jokes about President Barak Obama in hacked e-mails.
Would you make an unsecured loan to someone so they could pay off a $14,000 credit card debt? You can at Lending Club, which made its initial public offering yesterday.
A sheep wearing a Christmas sweater has been reunited with its owner in Omaha. Apparently, it’s not Warren Buffett.

Feder: ABC 7 signs Cheryl ScottWeather alert: ABC 7 signs Cheryl Scott
posted on
Tweet
Cheryl Scott
Three months after she delivered her farewell forecast on WMAQ-Channel 5 , Cheryl Scott is back on the radar and about to make her debut on WLS-Channel 7.
The ABC-owned station is expected to announce Monday that Scott has been signed as a full-time meteorologist and will begin working before the end of the year, sources said.
As first reported here October 20, Scott is joining ABC 7 under a three-year contract that eventually will elevate her to the top-rated 10 p.m. Monday-through-Friday newscast. The agreement was negotiated by her agent, Chicago-based attorney Andrew Stroth.
John Idler, president and general manager of ABC 7, declined to comment.
Earlier this week Scott paid a courtesy call to her former bosses at the NBC-owned station, where she attracted an enthusiastic following during three years as weekend meteorologist. The New Jersey native and Brown University graduate chose not to accept the station’s renewal offer in order to consider other options. Her final appearance was September 14.
“We were just wishing her well and thanking her for her work at NBC 5,” David Doebler, president and general manager of NBC 5, said of their visit. “She worked on our team for three years, and we wanted her to know we appreciated her efforts.”
Although NBC could have kept Scott off the air until March (at least according to one interpretation), Doebler agreed to a December 15 release, sources said.
Jerry Taft
Scott, 29, joins an experienced weather team at ABC 7 headed by chief meteorologist Jerry Taft and including Tracy Butler, Mike Caplan and Phil Schwarz. Taft, who is a 30-year veteran of the station, recently signed a two-year contract extension that runs through July 2016.
In an interview, Taft, 71, said his bosses have never discussed retirement with him and kept him in the dark about Scott until word of her hiring broke here. In fact, he still doesn’t know how she’ll be deployed at the outset. But without my asking, he said he would welcome Scott to the station wholeheartedly.
“It’s inevitable that decisions like this are made, and it’s one that I would probably make if I were the manager,” Taft said. “I thought Cheryl was very good at Channel 5 and I think she’ll do an excellent job here. It’s a smart move for us. I have no hard feeling about any of this.”
Acknowledging his new colleague’s telegenic qualities, Taft added: “You could say now I’ll be the second best looking weather person here.”
PREVIOUS POST

Stop It! Five Things That Drive Customers AwayI returned a message on my voice mail. I was greeted with...
"Thank you for calling Fernwicky's Service Company. This is Amber."
"Hi, Amber. This is Ellen Rohr, returning Mr. Fernwicky's call."
"Ellen Floor?"
"Ellen Rohr."
"And you are with?"
"With you at the moment, Amber. Mr. Fernwicky left me a voice mail just moments ago asking me to call him. How about shooting me over to his extension, or asking him if he wants to pick up?"
"THAT'S not going to happen. Take us OFF your call list. We are not interested in whatever you are selling." Click.
Hmmm. Later that day, I got a return call and sheepish apology from Mr. Fernwicky. I get that Amber was only trying to protect him from unnecessary distractions. But her "system" was getting in the way of sales and service. By the way, when we connected I asked Mr. F why he was calling me. He replied, "My call count is down. I'm looking for ways to get more new customers."
Before you spend time, energy and money on more marketing, fix the holes in your customer service systems. If you and your team members just STOP doing these five things, you can grow sales and profits without spending an additional dollar.
1. STOP assuming you are getting the short straw. That's what happened when I called Mr. Fernwicky and got "Amber the Iron Shield." Stop screening. Stop talking about how cheap your customers are.  Pull down the sign on your door that says "No Checks!"  Start with love and kindness and intend to be of service.  Maybe 2 percent of mankind is really out to get you. If you run into one of them, step aside and let that person pass. Don't create policy for the 2 percent. Focus on the 98 percent who will respond to love, kindness and an intention to be of service.
2. STOP the no call/no show.  The next time you go to a party, start a table conversation with, "Tell me about your experiences working with service companies." You will hear that service providers rarely show up on time, and often are a total no-show. Update calls? They just don't happen. How easy is this to fix at your company? Pretty easy.
3. STOP using your customers' stuff. The other day a contractor was at my house replacing a broken phone line. Yeah! He asked if his dad could use our four-wheeler to "stabilize" his witch-ditch equipment. Boo. I said no but the cross look made me wonder if there would be a retaliation key swipe to my ATV. Then he announced that he and his son would love to fish in our ponds. Is the whole family moving in? This happens more than you would think. Also, alert your team to stop using the customer's phone, bathroom, garbage, tools, and anything else you should be providing for them.
4. STOP talking so much. When you are good at what you do, the temptation is to cut to the chase and start fixing things. I'm guilty of this. The best service providers stop talking and start asking good questions. Try it! "Has it always worked like this? Have you ever been happy with the performance? What would you love to have when we are wrapped up today? On a scale of 1-5, how important is _____ to you?" Then, listen to your customer. Next, add your expertise and offer appropriate solutions.  It's easy to ask for the sale (and get a, "Yes, please!") when what you are offering is in the customer's best interest based on a real conversation.
5. STOP leaving without a testimonial. I've had about 100 different jobs in my life, all in the service industry. And as the Plumber's Wife, and the owner of Zoom Drain and Sewer Franchise, LLC, I am particularly experienced with the home services industry. I have put on the uniform and tagged along on 113 service calls. I like to watch to see how my team members, and my clients', are doing in the field. Often, I am delighted with how nicely the tech serves customers and solves problems. Alas, sometimes I wish a hole would develop underneath me so I could just disappear when the tech commits one of the aforementioned sins.
Here's how the best service calls go down: The service tech starts with a friendly, "Howyadoin" and spends a moment connecting human-to-human. He (or she) asks good questions and listen.  Then says, "I've got some options for you. Let's go through them together." Once the customer agrees to the work, the tech says, "Great! I'll get started and you are welcome to tag along with me. I'll fill you in on what I am doing, so you can learn about your system. Or, I can come find you if there is something you should see. Then, when I am all done, we will do a little 'show and tell.'  I'll make sure that everything is as good, or better, than you hoped it would be.
"Next, I am going to ask you for a picture -- you and me -- and a testimonial. You share what you liked about working with me and I will write it down. With your permission I will send a little postcard to your neighbors (and Facebook post, tweet, whatever) so that they know I am a good guy. And if you are not delighted to give me a testimonial, let me know.  Because I can make it right. Sound OK?"
Even today, especially today, friendly relationships and word of mouth reviews create more calls and more sales.
Ready to stop doing what doesn't work?  Good. Focus on delighting your customers and getting them to brag on you. Next time, we'll tackle the follow up problem.
"I can't find enough good employees."
Follow Ellen Rohr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ellenrohr
More:

Railways need big investment  says Suresh Pr...You are here: Home > Collections
Railways need big investment, says Suresh Prabhu
PTI Dec 12, 2014, 09.39PM IST
Tags:
Cris
("Railways require big investment.…)
NEW DELHI: Expressing serious concern over the financial health of Indian rail, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu today said it was "too close for comfort" and there was a need for massive investment in the sector.
"Railways require big investment. There is no fund for investment. There is requirement of Rs 6 lakh crore to Rs 8 lakh crore for completion of announced projects," Prabhu said at a TV programme.
Asked about the possibility of raising train fares to meet the growing expense, Prabhu did not rule out the possibility saying "passenger service should be improved before increasing the fares. Safety cannot be compromised. There is a need for big investment. Some burden has to be shared by people."
Expressing concern over the operating ratio of railways, he said, the expenditure like staff salary, fuel cost were higher. There is no saving or surplus."
Prabhu who is meeting MPs in batches after assuming charge said, "in order to just meet the demands of MPs, the requirement is about Rs 20,000 crore."
On the issue of privatisation , he said, "the basic aim is that rail service should be better and the ideology is not the issue here."
He made it clear that railways cannot be privatised on the pattern of other sectors like road and aviation.
"Outcomes are important. Railways cannot be privatised like road sector or aviation sector," he said adding "There are many areas where PPP is happening. We have allowed 110 per cent FDI in rail sector."
About the opposition being faced for bringing changes, Prabhu said "I will convince unions that it is for the interest of railways and the public."
With the aim of having an interface with rail users, he said a customer service portal is going to be launched soon.
Asked about his priority between launching WiFi service and eliminating unmanned level crossings, he said both are different.
Defending the launching of WiFi service at New Delhi station, he said currently 90 crore people are using mobile phones. But by launching WiFi we are not ignoring unmanned level crossing."
He said there is requirement of Rs 30,000 cr to eliminate 11,300 UMLC in the country. "Improvement of safety and passengers service should go parallel."
Giving emphasis on use of technology, he said one does not need to go to ticket window and one can now book tickets on mobile. CRIS is preparing the module."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex down | 5 reasons | RIL plunges below 900You are here: Home > Collections
Nifty posts biggest weekly loss since July
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 12, 2014, 05.07PM IST
Tags:
GAIL
(The broader NSE index closed…)
MUMBAI: NSE index fell for a fifth session in six on Friday to post its worst weekly loss since July as oil explorers continued to slump after Brent crude prices slipped to below $63 a barrel.
The broader NSE index closed down 0.83 per cent at 8,224.1. For the week it lost 3.7 per cent for its worst weekly performance since mid-July.
The benchmark Sensex slumped by 251.33 points to end at 27,350.68 and logged its worst weekly drop in three years
Shares of Gail (India) fell 4.5 per cent, while Oil and Natural Gas Corp and Reliance Industries Ltd slipped 3.28 per cent and 2.54 per cent, respectively.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Rise of Social Entrepreneurshipreddit
When my brother and I started working on Mission, we knew we wanted to give back from day one, not based on if it was smart from a tax standpoint. When it came time to name our new project, we hashed out several names, but then my brother said, "Why don't we call it Mission Belt Co.?" It made immediate sense to both of us and we officially formed our business.
Social entrepreneurship isn't a new thing by any means but it is progressively becoming more and more popular. Tom's shoes was one of the first companies I remember hearing about that had a direct giving aspect associated with every sale. I loved the idea that it was something that would happen regardless of them surviving or making money as a company. Their one-for-one program was inspirational for many.
Tom's has given a pair of shoes for every pair sold. It's a great success for them, for the customers and the people who get free pairs. That's what social entrepreneurship is all about. It's about win, win, win.
Last year I wrote an article entitled "Time to Flex", where I wrote about Trevor Jones and Travis Lubinsky who saw an opportunity to create a niche watch collection that represented great causes. The company took flight after they brought the idea to MTV and ended up creating a deal to integrate the guys and their watch on a entire series of the show Real World.
Flex Watches is committed to its mission of fighting hunger, as is evident with last week's partnering with the Los Angeles food bank to donate over 2,000 Thanksgiving meals to homeless children in Los Angeles. The company aims to bring new light to their causes through making fun affordable but cool watches.
I think we will continue to see new businesses with social benefits. I am so glad that there are so many people out there that not only form these companies, but also buy these products. It's truly a win, win, win.
Follow Nate Holzapfel on Twitter: www.twitter.com/nateholzapfel
More:

De Nora India director Ravi Menezes resignsDec 12, 2014, 09.49 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
De Nora India director Ravi Menezes resigns
De Nora India has informed that Mr. Ravi Menezes, the Whole-time Director of the Company has resigned from the directorship of the Company with effect from November 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
De Nora India director Ravi Menezes resigns
De Nora India has informed that Mr. Ravi Menezes, the Whole-time Director of the Company has resigned from the directorship of the Company with effect from November 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
De Nora India Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Ravi Menezes, the Whole-time Director of the Company has resigned from the directorship of the Company with effect from November 27, 2014.Source : BSE

Hinduja Venture company secretary CO Amit Vyas resignsDec 12, 2014, 09.48 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hinduja Venture company secretary & CO Amit Vyas  resigns
Hinduja Ventures has informed that Mr. Amit Vyas has resigned as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company w.e.f. the close of business hours of December 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hinduja Venture company secretary & CO Amit Vyas  resigns
Hinduja Ventures has informed that Mr. Amit Vyas has resigned as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company w.e.f. the close of business hours of December 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Hinduja Ventures Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Amit Vyas has resigned as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company w.e.f. the close of business hours of December 12, 2014.Source : BSE

Lyka Labs  board meeting on Dec 17  2014Dec 12, 2014, 09.48 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Lyka Labs' board meeting on Dec 17, 2014
Lyka Labs' board meeting will be held on December 17, 2014 to consider issue of further Shares / Warrants / any other securities on Preferential basis to Promoter / Promoter Group / others.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lyka Labs' board meeting on Dec 17, 2014
Lyka Labs' board meeting will be held on December 17, 2014 to consider issue of further Shares / Warrants / any other securities on Preferential basis to Promoter / Promoter Group / others.
Post your opinion here
 
Lyka Labs Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on December 17, 2014 to consider issue of further Shares / Warrants / any other securities on Preferential basis to Promoter / Promoter Group / others.Source : BSE

Wealth Gap Widens Between Whites and MinoritiesThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

TCS says on track to exceed 55 000-hiring ta...Ajoyendra Mukherjee
(TCS today said it is undertaking…)
BENGALURU: IT giant TCS today said it is undertaking a performance-based workforce restructuring , but it is not a "retrenchment" exercise and the company may exceed its target of hiring 55,000 new professionals this fiscal.
Without giving any specific numbers for employees to be affected by this "continuous" restructuring process, the HR head of the country's largest software exporter also said that "it is not that everyone being relieved is a bad performer."
"It is not a special process. It is a continuous process," TCS EVP & Head - Global HR Ajoyendra Mukherjee told reporters here.
His comments follow reports about TCS undertaking a significant performance-related restructuring of its workforce, which may also lead to some employees being asked to leave the company.
Downplaying it as a "regular exercise", Mukherjee also said that the company was on track to meet its gross hiring target of 55,000 employees in the current fiscal ending March 31, 2015, and may even exceed it.
"This (restructuring) is nothing new what we are doing. This is something that goes on throughout the year. We are a performance-oriented organisation, we continue to look at the performance of each and every individual...we do have appraisal process, we measure how people are doing," he said.
"As we say, we are an organisation where we would like people to come in and make a career and continue to grow, but while doing that there are some business needs and there are people's aspirations, both have to match to a certain extent."
Mukherjee said there are different kinds of challenges that may lead to involuntary attrition.
"Some of you may ask, what is the kind of target that I have for this? My answer is I don't have a target, it is not a target driven exercise because if it was that- then it would be more of a retrenchment process. I'm not going through that."
About hiring plans, Mukherjee said "If you look at my hiring target - 55,000 - I'm on track, probably we will be doing more. At this stage I'm not in a position to tell you by how much, but we will definitely exceed that target".
He said that the company has a campus offer target of 35,000 people and it has already made over 31,000 offers and more than 3000 offers would be made during the fiscal.
"It (restructuring) is more of a business need vis-a-vis people's aspiration matching; it goes on throughout the year and it is not that is something happening today," Mukherjee added.
Stating that it is too early to comment on 2016 hiring outlook, he said "planning is on at this point in time, by end of February or early March I will announce the number.
At the end of last quarter ended September 30, 2014, TCS had a total headcount of 3,13,757 following a gross employee addition of over 20,000 people.
The company generated consolidated revenues of USD 13.4 billion for year ended March 31, 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indias rarest blood groups make transfusions a challenging affairprint
Bangalore-based Ravi Hegde, 27, discovered he had the rare Bombay “Oh” blood group when he went to donate blood for his aunt’s surgery five years ago.
“The blood bank immediately put me on their donor registry, they said they just had two other potential donors with that blood group,” says Hegde. The need for the blood group is so rare that he hasn’t been tapped for donation even once over five years, but he also lives in fear.
“If I ever have a medical emergency and need blood for any surgery, say a liver transplant that requires more than 20 units of blood, I’ll find it impossible to get donors,” says Hegde.
A rare blood is a one that is found in 1 in 1,000 people in a given population, but Bombay “Oh” is rarer, occurring in one in 7,600 people in Mumbai and one in 2,500 in south-west Maharashtra. It’s absent in other parts of the country.
“At Indraprastha Apollo, we get one demand for very rare groups (see box) Bombay “Oh” once every year or every two years. In most cases, patients know and come with identified donors but it’s a problem when patients are from outside the city,” says Dr Ravi Makroo, director, transfusion medicine, Indraprastha Apollo Hospitals.
Each year, the Apollo Blood Bank collects 22,000 units of blood.
There is a nationwide annual shortage of about 2 million units. For a population of 1.2 billion,
India needs 12 million units of blood annually. Ideally, if 1% of the total eligible population — healthy adults aged between 18 and 65 years weighing over 45 kg— donates once each year, there would be no shortage.  A healthy adult can donate blood four times a year.
Data from the Indian Red Cross Society shows that Delhi collects almost 6 lakh units of blood, largely from voluntary donation. “Voluntary donations across India are going up mostly because people realise donating blood doesn’t harm them. In Delhi, 92% of the collection is voluntary, up from 72% five years ago,” says Dr Vanashree Singh, director, Blood Bank, National Headquaters, Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS).
The target, she says, is to meet the nation’s requirements through voluntary donation, so that the patients’ families don’t have to scurry around looking for donors.
Arranging rare blood types donor — including rh-negative blood types — is tough. “It’s not easy to meet demand in metros such as Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad because up to 50% patients in the major hospitals are from other states or other countries. In cities that have become health care hubs, there’s always a shortfall,” says Rahul Verma, co-founder of the patient-support network,  Uday Foundation.
At IRCS, there is a repository of rare groups and subgroups but not the ultra-rare ones. For example, only 7-8% people have AB+ blood group, among who one in five have the A2B subgroup.
“Everyone should know their blood group and have at least two donors on call, should there be an emergency,” says Dr Makroo.
 

BJP is after Mamata Banerjee  says Rashid AlviFour Pakistan Rangers killed in retaliatory fire by BSF along International Border in Jammu
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Agra chaupal: People feel misled after conversion rowFour Pakistan Rangers killed in retaliatory fire by BSF along International Border in Jammu
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

News 360: CBI arrests West Bengal Minister Madan MitraFour Pakistan Rangers killed in retaliatory fire by BSF along International Border in Jammu
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Ex-Liberty Reserve Exec Gets 5 Years in PrisonThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

Americas economic problems are decades in the makingWhy America’s middle class is lost
Why America’s middle class is lost
The middle class took America to the moon. Then something went horribly wrong.
Graphic by Darla Cameron, Ted Mellnik
Produced by Emily Yount, Dwuan June
Published on December 12, 2014
DOWNEY, CALIF. — One day in 1967, Bob Thompson sprayed foam on a hunk of metal in a cavernous factory south of Los Angeles. And then another day, not too long after, he sat at a long wood bar with a black-and-white television hanging over it, and he watched that hunk of metal land a man on the moon.
On July 20, 1969 — the day of the landing — Thompson sipped his Budweiser and thought about all the people who had ever stared at that moon. Kings and queens and Jesus Christ himself. He marveled at how when it came time to reach it, the job started in Downey. The bartender wept.
On a warm day, almost a half-century later, Thompson curled his mouth beneath a white beard and talked about the bar that fell to make way for a freeway, the space-age factory that closed down and the town that is still waiting for its next great economic rocket, its new starship to the middle class.
They’ve waited more than a decade in Downey. They’ve tried all the usual tricks to bring good-paying jobs back to the 77-acre plot of dirt where once stood a factory that made moon rockets and, later, space shuttles. Nothing brought back the good jobs.
ABOUT THIS SERIES:
Liftoff & Letdown: The American middle class is floundering, and it has been for decades. The Post examines the mystery of what’s gone wrong, and shows what the country must focus on to get the economy working for everyone again.
Chapter 6: What went wrong, and how to fix it
Those jobs aren’t coming back. Not at the old North American Rockwell plant, and not in thousands of similarly socked towns.
Yes, the stock market is soaring, the unemployment rate is finally retreating after the Great Recession and the economy added 321,000 jobs last month. But all that growth has done nothing to boost pay for the typical American worker. Average wages haven’t risen over the last year, after adjusting for inflation. Real household median income is still lower than it was when the recession ended.
Make no mistake: The American middle class is in trouble.
That trouble started decades ago, well before the 2008 financial crisis, and it is rooted in shifts far more complicated than the simple tax-and-spend debates that dominate economic policymaking in Washington.
It used to be that when the U.S. economy grew, workers up and down the economic ladder saw their incomes increase, too. But over the past 25 years, the economy has grown 83 percent, after adjusting for inflation — and the typical family’s income hasn’t budged. In that time, corporate profits doubled as a share of the economy. Workers today produce nearly twice as many goods and services per hour on the job as they did in 1989, but as a group, they get less of the nation’s economic pie. In 81 percent of America’s counties, the median income is lower today than it was 15 years ago.
In this new reality, a smaller share of Americans enjoy the fruits of an expanding economy. This isn’t a fluke of the past few years — it’s woven into the very structure of the economy. And even though Republicans and Democrats keep promising to help the middle class reclaim the prosperity it grew accustomed to after World War II, their prescriptions aren’t working.
From the Great Depression through the 1980s, American recessions and recoveries followed a pattern: Employers shed jobs when the economy turned south but added them back quickly once it recovered. That changed in the early 1990s and worsened through the 2000s. Jobs came back more slowly, if at all. Even before the 2008 crisis, the 2000s were on track to be the weakest decade for job creation since the Labor Department started tracking the statistics. The great mystery is: What happened? Why did the economy stop boosting ordinary Americans in the way it once did?
The answer is complicated, and it’s the reason why tax cuts, stimulus spending and rock-bottom interest rates haven’t jolted the middle class back to its postwar prosperity.
Downey illustrates the nation’s struggle to resurrect that shared prosperity, and it reminds us what the economy has lost.
Today, Bob Thompson’s rise to the middle class sounds like something from an old movie.
He graduated from Downey High School, served a tour in the Army and returned to his home town to work odd jobs. The Rockwell plant loomed nearby, on a former orchard plot where town leaders once hoped to build Dodger Stadium. Thompson remembers the day the plant hired him — Aug. 4, 1965 — and his starting pay at his union job — $2.59 an hour — which was nearly double the minimum wage in California at the time. The week he got the job, Thompson drove down to Bill’s TV Shop and bought a new Quasar console, the first color set of his life, for $300. He was filling out the credit application when the salesclerk in the store asked where he worked. The plant, Thompson told him. The clerk waved away the paperwork. He knew he’d be good for the money. “I thought I was a king,” Thompson said.
He started off running blueprints from one end of the factory to the other. Then he worked his way up to plastics fabricator, foam sprayer, shipper of replacement parts between plants. Sometimes when the economy dipped or contracts dried up, he lost his job; the company always found him maintenance work or something else to help him get by until times improved and he got back to the plant. When he retired from the company in 2007, Thompson was making $24.95 an hour. He draws a sweeter pension than almost any worker starting out today could hope to receive.
The former NASA industrial plant in Downey, Calif.                                                                            (Library of Congress)
Thompson’s rise mirrored the plant’s, which mirrored Downey’s, which mirrored Southern California’s, which mirrored America’s. North American won the Apollo contract in 1961 and ramped up to 25,000 workers, including production grunts, accountants and engineers. A lot of them bought houses in Downey, big adobe split-levels with lush green lawns. The easiest way to tell an assembly worker’s house from the top manager’s was to watch how often the Cadillac in the driveway gave way to a new one. When Rockwell won another huge contract, for the space shuttle in 1972, one of the top engineers handed the keys to his pickup truck to a younger worker. He told him to fill the bed with ice and champagne. Then he told another man to call a local restaurant and inform them that Rockwell would be taking the place over for at least the next 24 hours.
By 1990, there were nearly 200,000 aerospace workers in Los Angeles County alone, and the local median income had risen almost 20 percent since 1970, after adjusting for inflation. Then things cratered. The Cold War ended, and defense cuts starved the industry. More than half the county’s aerospace workers lost their jobs over the next decade, and when they found new ones, they weren’t nearly as good. The county’s median income fell more than 10 percent — and stayed there. The Rockwell plant shed workers steadily, was bought by Boeing and eventually closed in 1999. Thompson was lucky to find work at a different Rockwell site in Southern California; Downey was unluckily left with several hundred thousand square feet of factory space and a 25,000-job hole in its economy. The city manager vowed that not just anything would take its place. Downey would hold out for companies that paid people well enough to buy houses in town.
Scenes from the vacated former North American Rockwell plant in Downey, Calif.
While Downey waited, the U.S. economy hurtled into a new and unwelcome frontier of its own. Jobs were slow to appear after the 1990 recession ended, even when growth sped up. The late-’90s tech bubble brought a shower of jobs and wealth, but when the bubble burst, all the gains were wiped out — except the ones for the wealthiest people in the country. The same was true for the housing bubble of the 2000s.
The first decade of the 21st century produced two recessions and two “jobless recoveries,” and when it was over, the vast majority of Americans found themselves no better off than they were a quarter-century ago. Median income kept falling for several years, even after the Great Recession ended.
That was especially true in Downey, where city leaders tried and failed, again and again, to lure good-paying jobs to the cavernous old Rockwell plant. They were going to make electric golf carts and they were going to build houses and shops, but both fell through. They briefly filmed some blockbuster movies, but the studio went bust and never employed many locals anyway. By 2010, the only people working in the former plant were a pair of historians, cataloguing its aerospace past.
Photo Gallery: The take-off and descent of a former space hub
Almost a half-century after the moon landing, the town where the job started is waiting for its next great economic rocket.
View Photos
Finally, the wait appeared to be over. On May 20, 2010, Downey’s leaders huddled before a special afternoon city council meeting. They were set to approve a deal with Tesla, the pioneering electric car company, to manufacture its roadsters in the old Rockwell plant. They’d secured a multimillion-dollar federal loan to overhaul the equipment and become the lowest-emission car factory in the world. They’d drafted a 143-page lease. They’d reached what they believed was an oral agreement with Tesla Chairman Elon Musk. They would announce the deal in a news conference the next day. The new plant would move in next to a shopping center with a Best Buy, a space museum and a new state-of-the-art Kaiser hospital. It was going to bring a couple of thousand jobs.
Then the phone rang.
A wire service reporter in Sacramento said Tesla was planning a news conference that afternoon in Northern California. It was going to build its cars there instead. The company promised wages would start at $16 an hour, plus benefits.
Downey would need to wait some more.
This is America’s story, too: It has waited decades for middle-class jobs to come back, through a loop cycle of political bickering, to no avail.
In Downey, city officials had finally waited long enough. They bulldozed their old economic engine. A developer crushed the Rockwell factory and left it in piles. Construction has begun on a second shopping mall. The mall will create a thousand or so jobs, but they almost certainly won’t pay anything close to what Bob Thompson made starting out at Rockwell.
In Downey today, “we have a lot of restaurants,” Thompson said. “There’s a lot of minimum wage. People take those jobs.”
Thompson now runs the Downey Historical Society, a dimly lit relic stuffed with space memorabilia. He sat in his office, amid model rockets and black-and-white posters of prop planes, next to a playground called Apollo Park. His wistfulness faded, and he turned, instead, to hope — hope that his country would reclaim its past glory, if not economically then at least astronomically.
I believe, he said, that Americans will walk on Mars someday.
He’s just not sure how they’ll get there.
An earlier version of this story misnamed one of the items made at the Rockwell plant. They made moon rockets, not moon landers. This version has been corrected.
Credits

Cartoon of the day: CBI arrests TMC leader Madan Mitramore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Lucknow shivers at 2.2 degrees as cold wave intensifiesDec 12, 2014 at 11:37pm IST
Lucknow shivers at 2.2 degrees as cold wave intensifies
19
0
New Delhi: The north was shivering in the grip of the cold wave which has now intensified over the region as Delhi on Friday recorded its lowest temperature of the season so far while Lucknow saw the mercury settle at a chilly 2.2 degrees Celsius.
Rain and thundershowers were tipped to hit the region over the coming few days, which is expected to add to the winter woes of the people.
The minimum temperature in the national capital on Friday was recorded three notches below normal at 5.1 degrees, which was down by more than a notch from the 6.6 degrees on Thursday.
Rain and thundershowers were tipped to hit the region over the coming few days, which is expected to add to the winter woes of the people.
#uttar pradesh #lucknow #weather #winter season
The maximum temperature, too, settled a notch below normal at 22.3 degrees with the weatherman predicting rain and thunderstorm after midnight along with overcast conditions on Saturday.
In Uttar Pradesh, capital Lucknow recorded the lowest temperature in the state at 2.2 degrees. The mercury was appreciably below normal in Gorakhpur, Faizabad, Kanpur, Lucknow, Bareilly, Agra and Meerut divisions and the MeT department has forecast rain or thundershowers at a few places in UP over the coming two days.
Punjab and Haryana, too, found themselves battling the biting cold weather even as the MeT department forecast light to moderate rain or thundershowers at a few places across the two neighbouring states in the next three days.
Narnaul was the coldest place in Haryana at 2.5 degrees as the mercury there took a four-notch drop. In Punjab, Amritsar was the coldest at 3.2 degrees, which was a drop by one degree, while Ludhiana experienced the chill at 3.6 degrees.
Their joint capital and Union Territory of Chandigarh registered a minimum of 5.7 degrees, which was a notch below normal.
The cold wave has also hit normal life in the desert state of Rajasthan where Churu recorded a low of 2 degrees, about five places below the normal.
The mercury dipped by one to four degrees at most places in Rajsthan due to northerly cold wind conditions prevailing since yesterday, the MeT office said.
People in Jaipur woke up to a cloudy sky and cold winds with the minimum dropping to 9.4 degrees, a dip of about two notches from yesterday.
Rains or thundershowers are likely by tomorrow in the state due to a western disturbance passing through north-west, the weather office said.
365

Eat More Kale Guy wins trademark battle with Chick fil-A. Vermont rejoices  naturally.By Abby Ohlheiser December 12, 2014 Follow @abbyohlheiser
In this 2011 file photo, Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin, left, holds a “Team Kale” T-shirt during a news conference with Bo Muller-Moore in Montpelier, Vt.(Toby Talbot/AP file)
When Bo Muller-Moore filed a trademark claim for the phrase “Eat More Kale” in 2011, Chick fil-A wasn’t happy: The company sent the Vermonter a cease-and-desist letter and threatened legal action against Muller-Moore’s screen printing business.
But now, it looks as if fast food chain will have to live with it, as the U.S. Trademark and Patent office approved Muller-Moore’s application this week.
“Eat More Kale” sounds a little bit like “eat mor chickin’,” the slogan of the Chick fil-A chain. (“Mor chickin’” is spelled like that because, um, a fictional cow wrote it.) Chick fil-A launched that particular campaign in 1995. So when Muller-Moore filed his trademark application three years ago, Chick fil-A did what it normally does when it thinks its #brand is in danger: It sent Muller-Moore a strongly worded letter telling him to stop using the slogan.
According to the AP, the letter cited 30 other examples of “eat more [insert food here]” slogans that were stopped when the fast food chain intervened.
Muller-Moore instead decided to proceed with his application, since he’d been making shirts with the slogan commercially since 2003, according to trademark office records. He enlisted some pro bono legal aid. And it looks like it paid off for him.
“Chick-fil-A can keep serving chicken and I get to keep printing EAT MORE KALE t-shirts,” Muller-Moore said in an e-mailed statement. “While I never would have dreamed it would take the USPTO so long to decide on my trademark case, I’m thrilled that reason prevailed and Chick-fil-A has to eat some crow.”
The folk artist also hoped that his victory would mean the fast food company’s “trademark bullying spree can come to an end.”
Chick fil-A spokeswoman Carrie Kurlander’s response to the kale decision, according to the AP: “Cows love kale, too.”
But this is more than just a story about a guy who appears to be the living, breathing embodiment of Vermont ideals getting to sell his “Eat More Kale” T-shirts. The evidence for that? The trademark victory was also hailed by Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin (D).
“The message is out: Don’t mess with Vermont. And don’t mess with Bo,” Shumlin said in a statement. “This isn’t just a win for the little guy who stands up to a corporate bully; it’s a win for our state. In Vermont, we care about what’s in our food, who grows it, and where it comes from.”
(Muller-Moore, by the way, lives in Vermont but was born in Alabama.)
Shumlin, along with some members of Vermont’s congressional delegation, got involved with the Eat More Kale campaign after Muller-Moore’s small business gained significant attention for what he framed as a David vs. Goliath fight. Sen. Patrick Leahy (D) credits the stand-off with partially inspiring a 2010 update to trademark laws that he authored. The measure required a Commerce Department study into how large businesses use trademark laws against smaller businesses.
“Laws that protect the intellectual property rights are crucial to U.S. creativity and our economy,” Leahy said in a statement. “But we’ve also seen in the past how trademark laws can be misused by deep-pocketed corporations to bully small businesses. This is a happy ending to a long struggle for a Vermont entrepreneur.”
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

Can oil test $40 a barrel Iranian official says it can!You are here: Home > Collections > India
With $60 for oil, $40 seems a likely possibility. Here's what it means for India
ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 12.14PM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
The price of crude has plummeted to $60 a barrel, which should be good news for everyone except oil producers, right? Well, yes and no. Here's a look at what the oil slide means for India—both the good and the bad:
FEATURED ARTICLES

Families of African Americans slain by police to lead D.C. protest SaturdayBy Sandhya Somashekhar December 12, 2014 Follow @sandhyawp
Rev. Al Sharpton speaks alongside Gwen Carr, mother of Eric Garner (left), Esaw Garner, Garner’s wife (center right), and Emerald Garner, Garner’s daughter (second from right), at the National Action Network headquarters in New York on Wednesday, Dec. 3, 2014 after a grand jury’s decision not to indict a New York police officer involved in the death of Eric Garner.  (AP Photo/John Minchillo)
The families of several African Americans killed in confrontations with police recently are headed to Washington on Saturday, where they will headline a national march dubbed “Justice for All.”
The march, organized by the Rev. Al Sharpton’s National Action Network with participation from other groups such as the  NAACP and the National Urban League, will begin at noon at Freedom Plaza and make its way to the U.S. Capitol for a rally. Speakers are expected to outline a legislative agenda for Congress.
The families of high-profile shootings are expected to be in attendance — families of Eric Garner, the cigarette vendor killed in a chokehold in New York; Michael Brown, who was shot to death in Ferguson; and Trayvon Martin, who died after a confrontation with an armed neighborhood watch volunteer. Garner’s death, caught on video, has sparked protests across the country. A grand jury decision not to indict the officer involved in the death came a week after a Missouri grand jury had also declined to indict the officer in Brown’s death.
Also expected to join the march will be the mother of Tamir Rice, the 12-year-old Ohio boy shot while holding a pellet gun; the parents of John Crawford, shot by police in an Ohio Wal-Mart; and the partner of Akai Gurley, killed in a dark stairwell in a New York apartment building. LeVar Jones, who was shot but not killed during a traffic stop in South Carolina, is also expected to be present. The shooting of Jones, Crawford and Tamir were also caught on video.
March organizers said buses will be coming in from New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia, North Carolina, Florida and elsewhere, and participants include clergy and labor representatives.
But many younger activists, who have been disenchanted by Sharpton and the traditional black leadership, are not planning to attend. Moreover, many of them will be participating in a “National Day of Resistance” also planned for Saturday.
Organizers of that protest, not surprisingly, are using more confrontational language that appears to be in stark contrast with the National Action Network’s call for legislative action.
“It’s our civil disobedience, marching and chanting that got us this far— and we must keep going,” the Web site for the protests says. “When you hit the streets, you’re letting them know: body cameras are not enough. Blue ribbon commissions are not enough. We need broad, decisive action NOW.”
Sandhya Somashekhar is the social change reporter for the Washington Post.

How Low Can Gas Go Low  High Prices by StateThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

Restaurant  Woman Who Drank Toxic Tea Reach DealThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

US President Barack Obama may visit Taj Mahal during Republic Day tripUS President Barack Obama may visit Taj Mahal during Republic Day trip
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 01.31AM IST
Tags:
Agra
NEW DELHI: US President Barack Obama could take time out to visit the Taj Mahal during what's expected to be a two-day trip to India on January 25 and 26. The surprise trip was announced last month when Obama accepted Prime Minister Narendra Modi's invitation to be the chief guest at India's Republic Day parade on January 26.
The visit reflects the revival of ties between the two governments after Modi's visit to the US in September soon after he led the BJP to a sweeping victory in the general election.
Obama, the first US president to be Republic Day chief guest, is likely to put Agra on his itinerary, details of which are still being worked out, officials told ET. For security reasons, much of this will be kept confidential.
The US Secret Service, responsible for the president's safety, will be conducting checks at the ITC Maurya , where he will be staying, and venues that he may be appearing at, besides the Taj Mahal, the officials said. The Secret Service will consult Indian officials on the security setup.
When Obama's predecessor George Bush visited India in 2006, he didn't have time to visit the Taj Mahal, an omission he rued later. Former president Clinton had visited the Taj and was captivated by it.
No Details on First Family
Clinton wrote in his memoirs that he was so mesmerised by the monument that he "hated to leave" it.
Obama's wife Michelle accompanied the US president during the four-day trip in 2010. It's not yet clear who among the first family will be coming this time. In 2010, Obama landed in financial capital Mumbai to pay homage to the victims of the November 2008 terrorist attack, and then travelled to Delhi for summit-level meetings with Manmohan Singh, India's prime minister at the time. Obama also addressed a business meeting and a town hall in Mumbai besides celebrating Diawli there. In Delhi, he visited Humayun's Tomb, addressed Parliament and spoke to the India-US CEO Forum. Manmohan Singh organised a private dinner for Obama at 7, Race Course Road, on the eve of their summit meeting. Obama and Modi will also hold summit-level talks.
Meanwhile, in the run-up to the Obama visit, senior officials of the US, Japan and India are holding trilateral meetings in Delhi next week, the first such conclave under the Modi government.
Sources pointed out that the meeting is significant since India has made clear in the last few months that it will expand its footprint in Southeast and East Asia and project its power in the Asia-Pacific region in partnership with Japan, Australia and Southeast Asia to balance China's rapid rise.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Meet Kalyani Gomathinayagam  the Indian doctor who treated Ebola in LiberiaMeet Kalyani Gomathinayagam, the Indian doctor who treated Ebola in Liberia
Priyanka Vora , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, December 12, 2014
First Published: 21:56 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:17 IST(13/12/2014)
The Ebola case management centre run by the group Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) at Foya in Liberia shut down on Thursday after the region did not report any new cases of Ebola Virus Disease (EVD) since October 30.
Kalyani Gomathinayagam is the first Indian doctor who treated Ebola patients in Liberia. (Photo credit: MCF)
Dr Kalyani Gomathinayagam, the first Indian doctor to volunteer in Ebola-affected West Africa, was working at the centre for six weeks as a volunteer. She returned to India in October.
On Friday, MSF inaugurated a three-day exhibition in Mumbai to describe the work they are doing in Africa, which was still reeling under the Ebola epidemic. They visitors got a glimpse of the work Dr Gomathinayagam did there.
Speaking from her hometown Madurai, Dr Gomathinayagam said, "You are almost sick when you walk out of the high risk unit, where the patients are admitted. There was a time when I had a headache and had self-quarantined myself." Dr Gomathinayagam must have treated approximately 2,200 patients at the facility.
Dr Gomathinayagam, the only Indian doctor in the area at that time, is on leave and is spending some quality time with her family. "We all have sleepless nights, thinking if I did everything correctly." Owing to the contagious nature of the disease, any health care provider coming in contact with a suspected or a confirmed case of EVD is expected to wear the personal protective equipment (PPE). The PPE reduces the possibility of the provider of the provider coming in contact with any body fluids such as sweat and urine, which is known to contain the germs responsible for spreading of EVD. "We always entered the high risk unit with a buddy (another doctor). The pair had to keep a close watch on each other, so that we do not end up exposing ourselves to the infection," recalled Dr Gomathinayagam.
The PPE made it challenging for the doctors to spend more time with the patients. "We were constantly getting dehydrated because of the PPE and so every hour we spent in the high risk unit had to be utilised optimally. Here, as a doctor you have limitations; you cannot order any blood tests and examine the patient like you do in normal circumstances," she said, who treated an entire family who had contracted EVD.
"One of our staff's sister developed EVD; her mother, husband and children contracted the infection from her. Some survived, we lost others'. We also had patients who had contracted EVD while caring for their neighbours who suffered from EVD," she said.
"People were scared to come to the facility unit because of ignorance and the fear of exposing themselves. They did not want to believe that they had contracted EVD; they thought if you send them to the hospital they will not come back," she added.
Experts said that the concentrated efforts for EVD have adversely impacted the accessibility of healthcare in the affected regions.
"Many healthcare workers were affected with Ebola," said Gomathinayagam, who plans to go back to one of the other seven centres which are still functioning.
"My experience will help me to handle cases better. We cannot be complacent, even one case of Ebola is enough to start the epidemic," she said.

Hunt on for Bengaluru man who ran IS Twitter handle @ShamiWitnessHunt on for Bengaluru man who ran IS Twitter handle
Saikat Datta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 12, 2014
First Published: 23:28 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 08:02 IST(13/12/2014)
Intelligence agencies have launched a massive manhunt after online footprints of the anonymous man behind terror group Islamic State’s (IS) most influential Twitter handle, @ShamiWitness , led to a Bengaluru-based food products company executive.
Screen grab of the now deactivated @shamiwitness Twitter account.
Sources said the sinister IS tweeter Shami Witness is the alter ego of a family man — Mehdi Masroor Biswas, originally from West Bengal — who shares “jokes, funny images, talks about super hero movies, posting pictures of pizza dinners with friends and Hawaiian parties at work” on his Facebook account.
“If I had a chance to leave everything and join them (IS) I might have ... my family needs me here,” he told Channel4, the British news channel that unmasked the man.
@shamiwitness: The man the western media calls an IS 'expert'
The channel reported on Wednesday night that a man identified as Mehdi, an executive working with an “Indian conglomerate” based in the Karnataka capital, ran the Twitter account which has over 17,000 followers — two-thirds of whom are foreign fighters fighting for the IS in Iraq and Syria.
He had posted thousands of tweets using his mobile, praising IS and motivating people to join the jihadi group. These tweets were reposted thousands of times and seen by millions until the account was closed following the Channel4 report.
He posted the video of the beheading of US aid worker Peter Kassig within minutes of it being uploaded to the Internet and followed it up with several reposts.
Already saddled with the crisis over IS taking 39 Indian workers hostage in Iraq and the return of a Kalyan youth after he joined the terror group, the Indian establishment swung into action following the Channel4 story.
Sources said the intelligence bureau (IB) and Bangalore police were working in tandem to capture Mehdi, who is apparently on the run after he told Channel4 police were looking for him but he “won’t resist arrest”.
Counter-terrorism officials quashed reports of his arrest in the evening, saying someone with Infosys was questioned but he was not the man they were looking for. “If he (Mehdi) is found, he will be handed over to the NIA, which is investigating all IS-related cases,” one of the officials said.
Local intelligence sources said tracking him would be easier if Twitter, whose servers are located in the US, provides the IP (Internet protocol) address and access to the (now inactive) handle.
But Bengaluru police commissioner MN Reddi refused to accept this line. “Just because Twitter’s server is located abroad and there are barriers don’t mean there are no other ways of tracking the suspect down,” he said.
Indian officials have contacted their British counterparts for more details about Mehdi’s account and the posts he had sent to preach the IS ideology of terror. They also sought assistance from Twitter headquarters, though the social media platform preferred to take a cautious approach by “carefully examining the ramifications”.
The terror group has been known to push its jihadist agenda through the social media, especially for recruitment, and Mehdi was a prominent disseminator of pro-IS material who was “talking the talk and walking the walk” unseen and unheard from a cellphone in Bengaluru.
With inputs from Sudipto Mondal in Bengaluru

Party wanted to contest Lok Sabha polls  not me: Arvind KejriwalComments
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Arvind Kejriwal feels much has changed since he quit his 49-day government in February this year. The anger among people is fading and the party is now on a much stronger wicket ahead of the assembly elections, he says.
Kejriwal says that his party is on a stronger wicket and will take on the BJP, in a direct contest, in the upcoming Delhi assembly elections. Sonu mehta/ht photo
Talking to senior editors of Hindustan Times as part of the Unplugged at HT series, Kejriwal accused the BJP of trying to fan communal tension for electoral gains. The former Delhi CM said that he was not in favour of fighting Lok Sabha elections, but the party overruled him.
He said that he would like to fight from the New Delhi constituency again.
Kejriwal listed out the lessons that he had learnt during the last one year. Excerpts from the open session with the AAP leader: 
“BJP’s riots ploy is backfiring”
Riots are happening in Trilokpuri, Bawana, they even tried to do it in Seemapuri. My assessment is that it’s backfiring. They engineer riots and spread the message that only the BJP can save Hindus. But no community wants riots. In Bawana they made hate speeches but people protested. The communal card is not working. People don’t want to vote for a party which will trigger riots. People didn’t vote for the BJP (in LS polls) to face communal tension. People want peace in their lives.  
What has changed for AAP in the past one year
We are on a much stronger wicket. Last year, we were seen as good people but not good enough to win. Rivals and media opinion polls wrote us off completely. Our biggest challenge was to convince people that we were serious contenders. Now, 99.5% people in Delhi recognise our party and our political symbol -- ‘jhaadu’. Today, we are in direct contest with the BJP. Last time, people doubted our governance capabilities. They have now seen our work in the 49 days vis-à-vis the 180-days of the BJP government at the Centre. When we talk of women safety, children’s education, we see an expression on people’s faces, which is that of hope and support. Our support base among women is more than that among men. It was the same last time round too.
In both Haryana and Maharashtra (where assembly polls were held recently) people had no alternative. This is not the case in Delhi since there is no anti-incumbency here and people have a clear alternative in AAP.                                                     
‘Lt. Governor was partisan’ 
Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung has been partisan and his role is questionable (in deciding the fate of the assembly). Also, there was zero governance during  President’s rule. No department has spent more than 10% of its budget despite the fact that 75% of the financial year is already over. This is the kind of governance you get when you have a puppet L-G. So, if tomorrow you have a puppet CM this is the kind of government you will get. Once elections are announced, the L-G won’t have a major role.
‘I am not soft on Modi’
I actually never spoke against any individual. I raised corruption cases against Robert Vadraji. I never made any comment on (former Congress minister) Salman Khurshidji and I never spoke against Mukesh Ambaniji. As far as the present government is concerned, I wrote an article that Modi kept silent on issues such as the removal of (AIIMS chief vigilance officer) Sanjiv Chaturvedi and hike in medicine prices. I have been asking why Modi is keeping quiet. I will keep raising such issues. This government came to power on the promise of controlling inflation. The first thing they did was increase sugar prices. They increased railway fares, they increased electricity tariff. Before Modi flew to the US they increased the prices of 108 medicines, I’ve been saying all this. They said they would eradicate corruption and I’ve been exposing their claims.
Even Modiji is ultimately asking people to vote for ‘Jhaadu’ (laughs). A caricature of Modiji is being circulated on social media where he is seen with a Jhaadu asking people to vote for it. 
‘People quitting AAP is a myth’
Shazia Ilmi is the only leader of stature who has left us, we concede that. There is no second name. People like Captain Gopinath joined us on one news channel and announced his resignation on the other. About a hundred people left the BJP but you never ran a story. An impression is being created that people are leaving AAP in large numbers. In the last six months, at least 20,000 volunteers have joined AAP. People come and go but what is important is that we are on the right track. It’s a tough journey and good thing is that the driver knows the way.
‘Party, not I, wanted to contest LS Polls’
We should have concentrated on fewer seats. I told the media that we shouldn’t contest LS polls on January 3. But the political affairs committee of the party overruled me. That’s internal democracy at work. Now the strategy is to re-consolidate in Delhi.
Rail Bhawan dharna
I don’t think it was a mistake, you can question the manner in which it was done. Sleeping on the road in biting cold is not a drama. People said a chief minister should not sit on a dharna, but there are examples of Modi, Shivraj Chauhan, Nitish Kumar of doing so. You may disagree with some of the statements, you may disagree with the timing (ahead of the Republic Day) but it was done to seek justice for a woman who was burnt for dowry and people appreciated it. Questioning the right to protest is wrong. It is a legitimate right under the Constitution.

We were too scared to resist conversion‘We were too scared to resist conversion’
Prashant Jha , Hindustan Times  Agra, December 12, 2014
First Published: 21:47 IST(12/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:11 IST(13/12/2014)
Comments
Monira Begum interrupts her husband sharply, “You don’t know how to speak. Let me tell the story.” Her husband is Ismail – who is the recognised leader of Ved Nagar’s Muslims, caught in the ‘conversion’ controversy since Monday. Ismail registered a complaint with the police. But his real boss appears to his begum.
Muneera Begum, one of the 300 Muslims who converted to Hinduism in Agra, talks to Samajwadi Party leaders and clerics. Raju Tomar/HT
It is late evening as we are huddled around a fire in the slum, when Begum narrates the sequence of events – how Nand Kishore, who lives in the neighbourhood, came twenty days ago promising that Modi sarkar would give them BPL cards. He returned a few days to list everyone’s name; on Monday, Kishore came with others to set up a stage, asking the men to bathe and wear a skull cap and women to come in burqas.
Aligarh bans conversions on Xmas, Sangh unfazed
 
“It was after they put tikas on forehead of men and said you are now Hindus that we realised what had happened. One of them even took off one man’s skull cap and stamped it under his feet to say your faith has changed now. Till then, we thought it was just an event to hand over BPL cards,” says Begum. She said there was never any quid pro quo - of turning Hindus for a BPL card. "It is BPL after all, not something that would make us crorepatis. They misled us." Why did they not resist it right then? Ismail says, “We were scared.” His wife throws him an angry look, “I was sleeping, but if I was up, let me tell you, riot or no riot, I would not have allowed it.”
The man Ved Nagar’s Bengali Muslims have to confront now too lives close-by. 
Ajju Chauhan, co-convenor of the Bajrang Dal in the state, cannot stop smiling. Though he has not been named as an accused, he was present on Monday – and is relishing the media attention. Chauhan gets a friend to click his picture on the phone and whatsapp it to a local media representative; he gives a byte to a national Hindi news channel; and he laughs when asked about a common acquaintance – a Bajrang Dal leader in Meerut. “Saharanpur riots made him a hero. He just spent a month in jail but is now out.”
It is now Chauhan’s turn to project himself as the ‘hero’. He counters the Begum’s version. “It was all voluntary. We have ‘sankalpa patra’, a commitment paper, from 387 of them with details of their past Hindu ancestry, their original castes, and their consent to turn back to Hindu faith. They have backtracked because maulanas have put pressure” When asked if he would share these papers, Chauhan hesitated, “We will give it to the administration tomorrow.”
Though the incident may have been a setback – after all, the Muslims stuck to their faith – Chauhan and the Sangh Parivar see it as a triumph. The details don’t matter anymore, and the familiar mix of belligerence and victimhood is at play. “Thousands of people are converted to Christianity and Islam, but when a few convert to Hinduism, there is such a hue and cry. Make no mistake, Hindu society is now aware. Modi sarkar was formed because of this awareness in Hindu society.”
Chauhan pats the central government on its back for the stance it took in parliament. “We are completely satisfied, for we wanted a debate on conversion and a strong anti conversion law. This incident has established it as a national issue.” Chauhan says that the Aligarh plan – of converting 5000 Christians on Christmas – will happen as scheduled. What if the government bans it? “It will become even bigger. Suppress and it will blow up.”
If the Hindu right is aggressive, conservative Muslim outfits are getting into the act. Using the moment, the MIM  has quickly set up an ad-hoc district committee.
Mohammed Idris Ali, the party’s district convenor, was leading a protest at the Agra collectorate on Thursday. When asked about the demands, he said, “Ban RSS, VHP, Bajrang Dal and Dharma Jagran Manch; ban all ‘ghar vaapsi’ events; take action against Ajju Chauhan and stop the Aligarh event.” 
Circumstances propelled them to the national limelight, but Monira Begum and the Muslims of Ved Nagar now want to return to their anonymous lives of eking out an existence by selling scrap – and praying as they have always done, to Allah. It was the first Friday after the controversy, and all of them did their namaaz prayers – some in the mosque, and many in the slum itself in full public view – to send out a message. “We were Muslims, we are Muslims, and we will remain Muslims.”

Princeton Mom on CNN: What were really identifying as rape is a clumsy  hook-up melodramaBy Elahe Izadi December 12, 2014 Follow @ElaheIzadi
Susan Patton — or “Princeton Mom,” as she’s now known — got herself booked on CNN  Thursday to talk about rape. It went as you’d probably expect.
You remember Patton, right? She’s the Princeton alumna who wrote a letter to the Daily Princetonian that said young female students should hurry up and snatch up husbands on campus while they can. Not everyone thought her advice was sage; the letter went viral.
Patton’s book , “Marry Smart: Advice for Finding THE ONE,” was released earlier this year, with similar themes.
Anyway, Patton is still saying things that many people find objectionable. On Thursday, when CNN’s Carol Costello asked Patton about campus rape, she responded: “What makes this conversation so particularly prickly is the definition of rape. It is no longer when a woman is violated at the point of a knife or gun. What we’re really identifying as rape is a clumsy, hook-up melodrama.”
She added: “It makes one wonder why do you not just get up and leave? Or why do you not, as a woman, tell a man who is making advances that you’re not comfortable with, stop, leave?”
Costello asked Patton if she’s ever talked to a rape victim. “Oh yeah, of course,” Patton responded, describing this victim as “frazzled” and not wanting to anger the man who raped her.
“I believe she got really drunk and had sex with someone she regretted. To me that’s not a crime, that’s not rape,” Patton said. “That’s a learning experience that has do with making choices and taking responsibility for the choices you make.”
Patton clarified she’s not referring to women who get blackout drunk, and that she was not victim-blaming, but that she was “most certainly suggesting” that women “remain sober enough” to remove themselves from situations heading in a bad direction.
Throughout the exchange, Costello remained composed while pushing back on Patton’s assertions. Costello asked Patton what she would do if such an event happened to her daughter and pointed out that most rapes happened between people who know each other.
At one point, the CNN anchor read a quote from a counselor of rape victims, who said: “Rape is the only crime in which we turn the lens onto the survivor, the victim, and not onto the perpetrator. When someone gets shot, we don’t ever ask them, ‘why didn’t you get away from that bullet?’”
Patton managed to say more. She criticized “politically correct thinking fueled by the antagonistic feminists that even if there is a whiff of assault, that man is guilty.” As for whether men should also be taught not to rape, Patton quipped: “We could teach burglars not to steal, but better advice? Lock your door.”
One other question that’s being raised : Why was Patton booked in the first place to talk about rape?
She’s not an expert.
Her main credential is her “Marry Smart” book, which ranks  532,887th  on Amazon’s best-sellers’ list.
“Carol and her team wanted to address a sentiment that is out there and expose it for what it is,” a CNN spokesman told The Washington Post via e-mail. “They believe they did that.”
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Photos show an undercover officer pulling a gun on Oakland protestersBy Abby Phillip December 12, 2014 Follow @abbydphillip
An undercover California Highway Patrol officer aims his gun at protesters in Oakland. Authorities say some in the crowd attacked the officer and his partner. (Noah Berger/Reuters)
An undercover California Highway Patrol officer who pulled a gun on protesters in an altercation Wednesday night said that he and his partner feared for their lives after they were outed during a march in Oakland.
Photos of the incident were captured by a Reuters photographer and a freelance photographer working for the San Francisco Chronicle.
Avery Browne, chief of the CHP’s Golden Gate Division, said Thursday that the officers — who have not been identified — had been attacked and claimed that a large group of protesters were descending upon them.
“‘Chief, I didn’t know if I was going to make it out of this thing alive,’” Browne recalled the officers saying, according to the Chronicle . “‘They were coming after us, they had already punched my partner in the head. I didn’t know if we were going to make it out alive.’”
The CHP has been using undercover officers to infiltrate groups of protesters since Nov. 24, the day a Missouri grand jury declined to indict white Ferguson, Mo., police officer Darren Wilson for killing black teenager Michael Brown. In the San Francisco Bay area, protests have been prolonged and, in some cases, violent. Police and protesters clashed over the course of several nights following a Staten Island grand jury’s decision not to indict a white police officer for killing Eric Garner, a black man, with an apparent chokehold.
Browne said information overheard by undercover officers allowed the CHP to prevent attempts to overtake Highway 24 and Interstate 80 on Tuesday, according to the Chronicle.
But on Twitter, witnesses claimed the officers were masked and “banging on windows” and inciting the vandalism.
. @OPDChris Why were your undercovers masked, banging on windows, and then pulled a gun on crowd when confronted? #Oakland #BerkeleyProtests
— Dave Id (@DaveId) December 11, 2014
UNDERCOVER COPS in march just exposed – they were instigators of looting. Pulled gun on protestors when discovered. #berkeleyprotests
— Morpheus Ravenna (@MorpheusRavenna) December 11, 2014
Two undercover cops pulled guns on #berkeleyprotests and subsequently arrested people w/ masks still on their faces. pic.twitter.com/Os0EQ0p7tt
— Anonymous (@OpBerkeley) December 11, 2014
The officers were a part of the CHP’s auto theft unit. They had been following the march in a vehicle, but exited the patrol car to follow on foot to gather more information, Browne said.
San Francisco Chronicle freelancer Michael Short, whose photo shows the gun pointed directly at his camera, described what he saw of the series of events:
Just as we turned up 27th Street, the crowd started yelling at these two guys, saying they were undercover cops. Somebody snatched a hat off the shorter guy’s head and he was fumbling around for it. A guy ran up behind him, knocked him down on the ground. That guy jumped backed up and chased after him and tackled him and the crowd began surging on them. … The other taller guy had a small baton out. But as the crowd started surging on them, he pulled out a gun.
Here is an image of one of last nights undercovers pointing his gun directly at a person with a camera. #oakland pic.twitter.com/lVEsNEhFpu
— Courtney Harrop (@CourtneyPFB) December 11, 2014
One man was arrested, and CHP officials said they are looking for a woman who allegedly kicked one of the officers in the head. The officer suffered minor injuries, according to Browne.
He said that CHP is looking into the use of non-lethal deterrents in the future, but Browne said that the department plans to continue using plainclothes officers in protests.
“We’re very cognizant of the danger, and yes we will continue to use plain clothes officers to observe. Their job is not to get in the middle of it,” he told the Los Angeles Times.
A police officer holds back anti-police demonstrators as an undercover officer makes an arrest in Oakland on Wednesday. (Noah Berger/Reuters)
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

BMW  Mercedes shift gearsMercedes- Benz posts record sales in India during 2014
After two years of meagre profits and losses, the Indian units of German luxury car brands Mercedes-Benz and BMW have recorded a massive jump in profits in 2013-14, report Arnab Dutta & Rachit Vats in New Delhi & Mumbai.
The strong performance came not only on the back of robust volumes, but because the brands decided to maintain higher prices to protect margins, even though rival and market leader Audi waged war with steep discounts. Mercedes-Benz India posted a net profit of R191 crore in FY14, after a loss of R13 crore reported the previous year. In FY14, its total sales had risen 39% to R3,030 crore. Meanwhile, BMW India saw profits jump almost 11 times to R107 crore from R10 crore in FY13. Surprisingly for BMW, the profits rose even as total sales fell 12% to R2,024 crore.
Incidentally, aggressive pricing and a spate of lower-priced entry models like the Q3 compact SUV and the A4 sedan helped Audi emerge on top of the around 35,000-unit domestic luxury car market in calender year 2013 with sales of about 10,000 units – Audi, a Volkswagen Group brand, is most likely to retain the crown in 2014 as well. Audi had snatched the crown from BMW, which was the leader for four straight years — 2009 to 2012. Besides the top three German luxury car brands, others with significant volumes includes Tata Motors’ Jaguar Land Rover, and Sweden’s Volvo. “We have launched 10 new products for the Indian market this year and have witnessed an increased customer preference for our products. We are confident of ending the year on a double digit growth and continue our sustained profitable growth in India,”Mercedes-Benz India MD & CEO Eberhard Kern said.
Post Comments
More from automobiles

Hinduja group acquires London s Old War Office building; to turn into 5-star hotelHinduja group acquires UK's Old War Office building
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 01.48AM IST
(Srichand P Hinduja and Gopichand…)
LONDON: The Hinduja Group, in partnership with a Spanish industrial company, today acquired UK's iconic Old War Office building that was once occupied by the country's war-time Prime Minister Winston Churchill.
The historic building was acquired by the Hinduja Group, headed by NRI entrepreneurs S P Hinduja, Chairman, and G P Hinduja, Co-Chairman, in partnership with Obrascon Huarte Lain Desarrollos (OHLD).
The landmark building at 57 Whitehall in central London will now be restored and re-developed into a five star hotel and residential apartments, and will also feature a series of private function rooms as well as a spa and fitness facility.
Previously inaccessible to the public, a commitment has also been made to grant new access to the building with an outdoor public space also part of the re-development plans.
Britain's Ministry of Defence confirmed that the Hinduja Group, in partnership with OHLD, who's main shareholder is Grupo Villar Mir, have been successful in the acquisition of the Old War Office.
The 580,000 square-feet property, marketed as 57 Whitehall was sold on a 250-year lease arrangement to the companies for an undisclosed sum following a competetive marketing process, the Defence Ministry said.
Srichand P Hinduja and Gopichand P Hinduja, on behalf of the company, said, "We will make every efforts to honour the heritage and restoration of this national monument, elevate its status and reconnect it with the public."
"We will forge a new future for the site, creating a vibrant and sustainable destination that retains and enhances the historical importance of the building. We are proud to be playing such a crucial role in this new chapter for the Old War Office," the Hinduja brothers said.
Juan-Miguel Villar-Mir, Chair of the OHLD Group and Grupo Villar Mir, said: "We are very proud to be participating in one of the most important development projects in the world."
"We have a thorough understanding and appreciation of heritage and conservation issues and our commitment now as custodians of this landmark building is to leverage its untapped historical value and potential cultural and social significance," he said.
Once the office of Churchill, the building was constructed in the years between the start of the 20th century and the outbreak of the First World War.
With an almost incalculable contribution to the history and heritage of Whitehall, the Old War Office has been witness to events of utmost importance, most notably the World Wars, with crucial decisions having been taken within its walls, especially significant in this centenary year of remembrance.
As the historical, architectural and social importance of the building cannot be underestimated, both strategic partners will use their considerable experience in the re-development of heritage properties and work closely with English heritage and specially chosen restoration experts to ensure the building is accorded the respect it deserves.
Recent examples of their expertise in this area include the restoration of Carlton House Terrace in London by the Hinduja Group and OHLD's Canalejas project in central Madrid.
The lead investor on this project is the Hinduja Group of Companies, one of the largest diversified business groups in the world with a multi-billion pound turnover, employing over 80,000 people in more than 100 countries.
Their partners Grupo Villar Mir, is one of the largest privately owned Spanish industrial groups, with a major international presence and a diversified portfolio of activities.
Co-developer OHLD has unique and significant international experience in the development of the highest category of mixed use real estate projects with heritage and natural preservation sensitivities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

London airspace reopens after network failureLondon airspace reopens after network failure, traffic restricted
Reuters Dec 13, 2014, 02.03AM IST
Tags:
British airports
(Heathrow airport said that…)
LONDON: London's Heathrow airport said flights were now departing again, after they were grounded earlier on Friday due to an air traffic control failure that affected all London airports. "Flights now departing and arriving. Please check your flight status before travelling to the airport," the airport said in a statement on its official Twitter feed. Earlier, British airports were plunged into chaos by a technical failure that forced authorities to restrict access to the country's airspace, the National Air Traffic Service said.
"UK airspace has not been closed, but airspace capacity has been restricted in order to manage the situation. We apologise for any delays and our incident response team has been mobilised," it said in a statement on its website.
Heathrow airport said that no flights were taking off or landing. Gatwick, south of the capital, said flights were departing, but with delays. Stansted airport , the city's third busiest, said in a tweet that departing flights were suspended. The problems did not immediately appear to be linked to any security threat to the UK , a government source told Reuters on condition on anonymity. Heathrow is the world's busiest international airport. Over 67 million passengers travel through it annually on services offered by 90 airlines traveling to over 180 destinations in over 90 countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Saradha scam: Madan Mitra CBIs biggest Trinamool catch  Mamata cries vendettaEmbarrassment mounted for West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her Trinamool Congress after the CBI arrested state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra in connection with the Saradha scam on Friday.    
 
He is the first minister of Bengal to be arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in any case, and the fourth Trinamool leader to be held by the probe agency in the chit fund scam.
 
Accusing the Centre of adopting bullying tactics after Mitra’s arrest, Banerjee lashed out at Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah and dared them to arrest her.
 
“CBI may take Madan to SSKM Hospital. I will go to meet him . Let me see whether Amit Shah’s goondas and Narendra Modi’s police can arrest me,” she said.
 
“It (the arrest) is unfortunate, shameful and deserves to be condemned. It’s sheer political vendetta. Can the CBI and the Centre go out of their jurisdiction and act like this?” she added.
 
The Saradha chit fund scam trail is hounding Banerjee’s government unlike any other challenge she has encountered during her stint in power so far and Mitra’s arrest triggered fresh calls from opposition leaders for her resignation.
 
Opposition parties have repeatedly accused the CM of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
 
The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
 
The CBI arrested Mitra around 4 pm after questioning him for about three hours during which he denied taking any money from Saradha, said an official privy to the development.
 
According to the official, who did not want to be named, Mitra stood his ground despite CBI officers confronting him with evidence.
 
“In the Saradha chit fund scam, RC 4 S/14, case relating to Saradha Realty, CBI has arrested Madan Mitra, a cabinet minister in the government of West Bengal on prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy, cheating and misappropriation as well as deriving undue financial benefits from Saradha group,” said a CBI statement.
 
“CBI has also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipta Sen (Saradha Group chairperson) on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case,” the statement added.
 
Within an hour of the arrest, the Trinamool tore into Shah, who had launched a scathing attack on the Bengal CM last month, laying the foundation for the 2016 assembly elections in the state.
 
“The arrest of our cabinet colleague seems to be an act of vendetta. It appears CBI is controlled not only by BJP but also by Amit Shah. We strongly condemn this action. Neither the governor, nor the assembly speaker was informed before the arrest,” said Subrata Mukherjee, state panchayat minister.
 
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case.
 
The CM’s stated position is none from her party took any money from Saradha. She also points to the group’s operations having started during the Left rule, which she ended.
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
Read: TMC is without political friends, fighting a lonely battle for staying in power
 
The group folded up in April last year, leaving its investors, largely from rural areas with little access to formal banking facilities, in the lurch.
 
The opposition mounted pressure on the CM after Mitra’s arrest.
 
“Madan Mitra’s arrest shows that Trinamool leaders are neck deep in Saradha scam, and the dots are leading to Mamata Banerjee’s doorstep. It’s time for her to resign taking moral responsibility,” said Sidharth Nath Singh, BJP national secretary.
 
State Congress president Adhir Chowdhury, too, demanded that the CM step down.
By any yardstick Mamata Banerjee is facing the worst point of her political life after coming in power in Bengal in May 2011. She is without friends at the centre. Worse, all the parties that she is approaching for alliances are declining.
Last month, both her former ally, Congress, and the the Left leaders rebuffed her when she said in the national capital that she is ready to tie up with any party (even with her bitter opponents like the Left) to fight communalism (read BJP).
"In 2011 when she tied up with Congress and swept into power in Bengal, she was at the zenith of her career. Within three years, she reached the lowest point. Her personal image, that of impeccable honesty, is gone. The popularity of the party is under a big question mark. And she now has the CBI on her trail, something that could be said about other regional party leaders, but not about Mamata earlier," said COngress leader Abdul Mannan.

Stocks close sharply lower as oil rattles marketsFriday, 12 Dec 2014 |  4:12  PM ET
CNBC.com
SHARES
Oil linked to every market: Pro
Will the pressure on oil continue? RBC's Marc Harris, says yes and thinks the U.S. is still a place to invest.
U.S. stocks declined on Friday, with benchmark indexes posting sizable weekly losses, as crude's ongoing slide rattled investors.
"This started a week or so ago, we'd recovered from the October low to a level that is arguably overvalued, and when we're overvalued everything has to go right, and what's not going right is what's happening to the price of oil, and what that means for Russia, Europe and the U.S.," said Hugh Johnson, chairman of Hugh Johnson Advisors.
"Everybody likes to say the price decline in oil is good news for the U.S. economy, but the real issue is this is really bad news for Russia, and by implication, bad news for Europe, which does a lot of business with Russia. The problems in Russia are getting transmitted to Europe, and Europe is an important trading partner for the U.S.," said Johnson.
"Whether it's by design or not, this is clearly putting pressure on Russia. This, plus the well-known sanctions have caused a recession in Russia, which is very dependent on oil" income," he said.
The Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index , one measure of investor uncertainty, rose 5 percent to 21.08, up 78 percent this week.
Oil prices fell further after the International Energy Agency reduced its outlook for global demand .
"As prices have declined over the last month or two, we've also seen downward revisions that reinforce the price decline," said Kate Warne, investment strategist at Edward Jones.
Equities around the globe dropped on Friday after November Chinese factory production slowed more than forecast.
U.S. wholesale prices declined 0.2 percent drop in the producer price index in November after a 0.2 percent rise the previous month.
The drop in commodity prices could be seen in Friday's PPI, "it's showing up in lower inflation, and in the case of Europe, which is just a whisker away from deflation, that's not good news, because fiscal policy in Europe is leaning towards restraint. They believe in balanced budgets regardless. I don't, but they do. If they suffer deflation, that will disarm European central bank interest rate policy," said Johnson.
Adobe Systems gained after the software maker said it would acquire stock-photo company Fotalia for $800 million and posted quarterly results that beat expectations.
Stocks only briefly trimmed losses after a measure of consumer sentiment in December exceeded expectations, rising to an eight-year high.
American consumers "are feeling better, and lower gasoline prices will continue to help sentiment, which should be good news for stocks overall, but today it's all about worries that lower demand for oil means slower growth in the rest of the world, and nobody is sure how big that slowdown will be," said Warne.
Symbol

Agencies find no direct link between @ShamiWitness ISWritten by Johnson T A , Praveen Swami | Bangalore |
Posted: December 13, 2014 2:43 am
One of the most popular English voices of the Islamic State on Twitter — @ShamiWitness  — may have hit the headlines Friday after he was tracked down in Bangalore by UK’s Channel 4. But according to sources, Indian intelligence agencies were keeping an eye on this Twitter handle ever since 2009 when it first started pushing the al-Qaeda world view — they just didn’t consider it a threat serious enough to warrant any action.
“Somebody whose account is in the open and who has been very popular for so long is unlikely to have had any direct connection with the IS beyond the ideological level,’’ sources said.
The agencies believed that the person behind the handle was not involved with the recruitment of cadre for IS from India, though they continued to closely monitor his tweets. “But no action was deemed necessary,” the sources said.
According to them, a major IS recruiter across the globe is an Indian-origin man based in the Gulf. This individual, they said, had directed many IS supporters to the popular Twitter handle but there is, again, no evidence of any direct links between this recruiter and @ShamiWitness.
The @ShamiWitness account was known to be very authoritative on Syria and Iraq and was used as a source of information by Indian agencies monitoring IS’s activities, sources said. “But there were no tweets about India,’’ they said.
However, news that @ShamiWitness’ digital propaganda operation was running out of Bangalore could still come as a major embarrassment for India’s government, which has long been warned by the intelligence services that they lack the tools and personnel to adequately monitor potential terrorist threats online.
The Indian Express had reported in August that NETRA, a super-secret National Technical Research Organisation project intended to enable India to monitor terrorism-related traffic, had come to a dead-end because of the lack of adequate resources.
Channel 4’s investigators, meanwhile, discovered that @ShamiWitness had used a personal email address, ElSaltador@gmail.com, to set up a personal Twitter account, @ElSaltador. Based on this lead, the channel found out that the same email address had been used to open personal LinkedIn and Google Groups accounts. The data enabled them to contact @ShamiWitness in Bangalore.
Reached by Channel 4, @ShamiWitness denied that he intended to win over recruits to the Islamic State, saying his tweets only expressed his opinion. “Just because someone follows me, it doesn’t mean that I am the reason for their joining ISIS,” he said in the audio interview that was telecast along with the report.
But in the Channel 4 interview, he made clear his support for Islamic State, adding that he was prevented from joining the group by his commitments to his family.
@ShamiWitness’ tweets demonstrate a serious continued…

MP: Christian event to convert tribalsstoppedWritten by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal |
Posted: December 13, 2014 2:40 am
A Pentecostal convention in Ratlam came to an abrupt end Friday after a group of right-wing activists brought the administration and police to the venue after accusing the organisers of converting tribals by offering money and other allurements.
Hindu Jagran Manch (HJM) activists alleged that illiterate tribals from Bajna and Sailana were brought to a venue on Power House Road in Ratlam town with a promise to cure their ailments and promised jobs and money.
Called Changai Sabha’, the meet was organised by the local body and addressed by preachers from Kerala and Bhopal. The HJM said the organisers had arranged for food and accommodation of the tribals and told the potential converts that only Christianity can ensure salvation, not their old religion.
CSP P S Ranawat told The Indian Express that no evidence about the alleged conversions, forced or otherwise, was found in the initial probe by the police. He said the police had spoken to a few tribals but none confirmed the allegation. He said the police could not take statements of the organisers because there was tension in the air.
After the police assured them of action, the Manch said its activists would wait till Saturday for a case to be registered against the organisers or decide the next course of action after the deadline was over.
Ranawat said between 100 and 150 tribals participated in the convention addressed by five preachers. When told about the deadline given by the HJM, the CSP chose not to speak about it.
Police announces reward for accused in Agra conversion row
LUCKNOW: Agra police on Friday got a non-bailable warrant issued and also announced a reward of Rs 5,000 for the arrest of Kishori Lal Balmiki, who is accused of allegedly “converting” Muslims by allurement and cheating in Agra. A local court issued the non-bailable warrant against Balmiki on the application of the investigating officer in the case, IG Law and Order A Satish Ganesh told reporters here. He, however, said there was still no information on the background of Balmiki. An FIR was lodged against him Wednesday on the complaint of Ismail Khan, one of the Muslims who was allegedly converted at a religious “homecoming” ceremony in Agra.
Replying to a question, Ganesh said no family had migrated from the slum where they live in Agra. He said the families are scared but the district administration and police have been providing assistance to them.
Try and convert me if you can: Akhilesh dares BJP
Kanpur: Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav Friday alleged that the BJP was “misguiding” people in the name of religious conversions and challenged the saffron party to “try and convert” him. “People gave BJP most seats in the recent Lok Sabha polls. But the party is fooling the same people on the name of religious conversion,” the chief minister said. He threw a challenge continued…

Hortonworks up 50% on IPO dayhortonworks up 50% on ipo day
Justice Breyer violates Bernsteins Law (again) by using Lochner v. New York as a bogeymanBy David Bernstein December 12, 2014
As I’ve written before , “We need a Godwin’s Law for constitutional litigation: the first side to raise Lochner, especially in a case not involving the Due Process Clause, automatically loses. Let’s call it ‘Bernstein’s Law.’”
Not for the first time , Justice Breyer is on the wrong side of Bernstein’s Law.
It happened Monday during oral argument in Department of Transportation v. Association of American Railroads , a case involving the scope of the so-called “non-delegation doctrine,” which puts limits on the extent that Congress can delegate its authority.  The Supreme Court has eviscerated limits on Congress’ ability to delegate to the executive branch, but precedents from the 1930s still limit Congress’ ability to delegate to private parties.  The lower court held that Amtrak is a private company, and that Congress improperly delegated power to it.
At oral argument, Breyer stated:
Once we start down the road of saying Congress cannot tell even a private agency to go and make some standards, which we all know will be followed, once we start down that road there is no stopping place….It is exactly what Justices Cardozo, Hughes, Brandeis and Stone said in Carter Coal, the measure is the due process clause, and we’re all off on something of a wild goose chase…The only [case on due process] coming close [to this case] is Carter v. Carter Coal, which I always put in the same box as Lochner [v. New York]. Now, are we supposed to resurrect that?
In Carter Coal the Supreme Court suggested that delegations to private parties violate the Fifth Amendment’s Due Process clause because they inherently result in arbitrariness–the private party will inevitably seek to serve its own interest rather than the public’s. Though both cases involved issues of “due process”  it’s hard to see how that’s the same “box” as Lochner–the issue of whether a sufficiently right to liberty of contract exists within the Fourteenth Amendment’s Due Process Clause such that New York can’t set maximum working hours in bakeries despite asserted health reasons for doing so seems a far cry from the issue of whether Congress’s legislative power includes the power to delegate some of that legislative power to private entities.
Of course, when Breyer means the “same box,” he likely means not that the cases raise the same analytical issues, but they both belong to “those pre-1937 cases that limited government power t hat I thought we abandoned wholesale, and that we have often associated with Lochner because that case has become the symbol of what we abandoned.” But it’s exactly that use of Lochner that serves to obfuscate more than illuminate. Carter Coal has never been overruled, and the fact that liberty of contract has been abandoned, or even if we thrown in the abandonment of the Tenth Amendment, General Welfare Clause, other forms of non-delegation, and the Contracts Clause, really has nothing to do with whether the Supreme Court should overrule or keep Carter Coal, anymore than Justice Breyer or the other liberal Justices would casually abandon Meyer v. Nebraska and Pierce v. Society of Sisters simply because they were due process cases decided during the so-called Lochner era. And let’s not forget that all of the Progressive Justices cited by Breyer, though dissenting in Carter Coal, joined the unanimous Court a year earlier in rejecting overbroad delegation in the Schechter Poultry case.
David Bernstein is the George Mason University Foundation Professor at the George Mason University School of Law in Arlington, VA. He is the author of Rehabilitating Lochner: Defending Individual Rights Against Progressive Reform (2011); You Can't Say That! The Growing Threat to Civil Liberties from Antidiscrimination Laws (2003);

US crude drops below $59 to 5.5 year low on supply glutUS crude drops below $59 to 5.5 year low on supply glut
Meeyoung Cho     Seoul   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 09:22 IST
US crude dropped more than $1 to a fresh 5-1/2 year low below $59 a barrel in early Asian trade on Friday, extending losses on persistent concerns over a supply glut and a bearish demand outlook.
Front-month US crude was down 87 cents at $59.08 a barrel by 2351 GMT after falling as low as $58.85, the weakest intraday level since July 2009. The contract has lost more than 10 per cent so far this week, on course for a third weekly drop.
January Brent crude slipped 56 cents to settle at $63.68 per barrel on Thursday after marking a fresh 5-1/2-year low of $63.05.
Brent has nearly halved in value since June when it traded above $115. It has lost nearly 8 per cent this week.
"Following earlier gains amid short-covering, oil quickly fell as its fundamentals - lower forecast demand and a supply surplus - remain weak," Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd (ANZ) said in a note on Friday.
The ANZ note added that weak Chinese economic data could retain downward pressure on prices of commodities, referring to China's monthly activity indicators due later on Friday.
Oil prices have tanked since Wednesday after a 5 per cent drop was caused by a surprise jump in US crude and distillates inventories and remarks by Saudi Arabia's oil minister Ali al-Naimi reiterating that the kingdom will not cut output.
The market outlook is uncertain with some speculating that other OPEC members such as Algeria and Venezuela may convince the group to hold an emergency meeting early next year. Yet others doubt that Saudi Arabia would agree to production cuts even if such a meeting is held.
(Reuters)

HTC One (M8 Eye) & Desire 820 review: Stunning  chic and fastTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
Given the buzz surrounding Apple’s new iPhones and Xiaomi’s rising popularity in the fiercely contested Indian mobile phone market, one might expect other handset vendors to be in a tight spot, right?. Not quite, especially in the case of Taiwan’s HTC. In recent months, this fighting-fit firm has introduced a slew of beautiful smartphones with a good mix of hardware and software in order to attract consumers. What’s more, it has also priced its offerings competitively to make them accessible to a large proportion of consumers.
The net result: HTC has managed to translate positive reviews of its devices into strong sales in India, especially with regard to the HTC One and HTC Desire devices. The phone company, which once sold one out of every 10 smartphones worldwide, is channelising its energies to increase its market share in the Indian smartphone market, from 7% at present to 15% in the next two years. With a spate of new launches, the
company’s growth strategy is clear that new products will help it achieve this. We take a look at two recent HTC introductions.
* HTC ONE (M8 EYE)
Last year’s HTC One won rave reviews. The all new HTC One (M8 Eye) is beautifully designed inside and out. The design and quality of the phone’s body creates a stunning and chic look. The design is an incredibly crafted, durable, high quality metal unibody that flows right up to the 5-inch, full HD (1080p) display, tapering to thinner edges, with softer curves for a smoother, more natural grip. Frankly I have never seen a handset look so good, and I have handled a lot of mobile phones.
Basically, the HTC One (M8 Eye) builds on the success of the HTC One (M8). This latest addition to the HTC One family comes with a 13 megapixel Duo Camera, HTC’s new HTC Eye Experience software and Zoe app integration—key additions that will bring to the consumer an all-round good smartphone experience. Probing the innards, the phone is supported by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 801 processor with 2.3 GHz quad-core Krait CPUs. It runs on Android 4.4 KitKat and features the all-new HTC Sense 6, which features bold, customisable colour themes and delivers a more intuitive, personalised user experience.
Without doubt, the HTC One (M8 Eye) offers a leap forward in smartphone imaging. It brings a totally different dimension to mobile imaging by combining the world’s first smartphone with a 13 megapixel Duo Camera that features a LED Dual Flash and full 1080p HD video recording, producing incredible images in all lighting conditions and rich, high-quality video. A 5 megapixel wide-angle front facing camera also captures superior selfies with ease. The Duo Camera boasts a depth sensor in addition to the main 13 megapixel module, capturing detailed depth information from a scene and enabling a range of beautiful and creative effects that allow you to do more with your images than ever before.
The advanced camera technology also works behind-the-scenes capturing images right from launch, so that when the shutter is activated, the sharpest possible image is instantly displayed. The camera autofocus operates at a speed of 300 seconds, producing beautifully crisp images of split-second action and when the flash is required, the intelligent LED Dual Flash automatically selects the exact colour tone and light intensity for more natural skin tones and a professional-looking shot. Pretty amazing, isn’t it?
It’s not just about the hardware though. The HTC Eye Experience takes mobile imaging software into a new league with unique features guaranteed to make you look your best. Taking video chat and conference calls to a new level of quality and performance, the HTC Eye Experience’s face tracking keeps you perfectly framed at all times. And because staying in touch means more than just talking to a single person, upto four people in the same room can also be tracked comfortably, with each face cropped and positioned on the screen for maximum clarity.
From the moment I picked up the HTC One (M8 Eye), I knew the phone had a lot going for it. Its big 5-inch screen is of high-quality with a pleasing amount of brightness, rich colours and good wide viewing angles. Photos, videos and text are crisp on the phone and the OS brings a cleaner, less cluttered layout, plus faster performance. All in all its a very well constructed and beautiful phone with good sound and speed. Take my word, if you decide to purchase this Rs 38,990-a-piece device, you’ll be a satisfied customer.
Estimated street price: Rs 38,990
* HTC DESIRE 820
HTC Desire 820 is a successor to the popular HTC Desire 816 and it (Desire 820) takes big-screen performance to the next level. Available in an array of colours and featuring HTC’s iconic unibody design, the robust polycarbonate device is not only stylish but also boasts the excellent build quality that has become synonymous with HTC.
The latest member of the Desire family is powered by the Snapdragon 615 processor Octa-core CPU with a 64 bit processing capability. For high quality selfies, the device features an 8 MP front-facing camera, delivering impressive solo poses and effortless group shots. Enhancing the imaging experience, it also offers software that allows you to merge your features with those of a friend or celebrity for a completely original look, real time Live Makeup, which allows you to preview the image and set the desired level of skin smoothing before the image is captured and Photo Booth, where you can capture several moments in a single image.
Offering high-performance imaging, the phone’s rear camera, with f/2.2 aperture and a 13 MP BSI sensor, captures quality images in both daylight and low light, so your photos will be bursting with detail even as the sun goes down. If photography isn’t your strength, press and hold the shutter for rapid-fire and continuous shooting—ideal for capturing fast moving objects or for selecting your best image at a later date.
Bold, bright and sleek, the newest addition to the HTC Desire range features HTC’s double shot colour technology, which allows a user to create a two-tone colour uni-body, that is not only perfect for reflecting both personality and style, but that also improves device quality. With distinctive colour trims around the camera, buttons and flash, the two colours merge seamlessly into one another creating a slick look.
In my usage, I really liked the HTC Desire 820’s Dot View feature. This provides instant access to your phone without opening the cover. With a range of functions from answering calls and receiving and dismissing notifications with a simple swipe, this retro style case can be customised to suit any situation, with the ability to create your own wallpaper by selecting images from your gallery or from 18 different themes. All in all, the new Desire 820 is a pleasing phone and it is good to hold as it to use.
Estimated street price: Rs 24,990
Post Comments
More from industry

Hong Kong media tycoon Lai arrested over protests  quitsApple Daily Newspaper owner Jimmy Lai before he is taken away by police officer at an area previously blocked by pro-democracy supporters, outside the government headquarters in Hong Kong. (Source: Reuters photo)
By: Reuters | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 12, 2014 1:29 pm
Hong Kong publishing tycoon Jimmy Lai, an outspoken critic of Beijing, has stepped down as editor-in-chief of the popular Apple Daily after being arrested for refusing to leave a key pro-democracy protest site in the centre of the city.
Hong Kong police arrested nearly 250 activists on Thursday and cleared most of the main protest site near the Central business district, marking an end to more than two months of street demonstrations in the Chinese-controlled city. Public broadcaster RTHK said on Friday all of those arrested, including Lai, had been released.
Lai, a self-made millionaire, has been the main financial patron of the pro-democracy movement since Hong Kong’s 1997 handover to Communist Party rulers in China. “Jimmy Lai was taken away around 5 pm (on Thursday). Jimmy Lai also resigned as editor-in-chief of Apple Daily, and Next Media’s Print Media CEO Ip Yut-kin will succeed (him),” a video clip shown on Apple Daily’s website said.
Next Media Ltd publishes Next Magazine and the pro-democracy Apple Daily tabloid newspaper. Lai has come under the scrutiny of Hong Kong’s anti-graft agency this year.
In August, agency officers raided his home, and the following month he went to the Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC). It is common for the agency to call in individuals for questioning as part of its investigations.
Police reopened the multi-lane highway in downtown Admiralty district on Thursday night after clearing the main protest site, ending one of the most serious challenges to China’s authority since the 1989 pro-democracy demonstrations and bloody crackdown in and around Beijing’s Tiananmen Square. Frustrated retailers whose takings have been badly hit by the protests welcomed the resumption of business.
“I’m glad it’s over, I can take a breather,” said 60-year-old Sammy Wu who owns a tailor shop in a plaza adjacent to the main protest site near the city’s administrative headquarters. “Our business fell 50 percent during the occupy period. Now I expect the sales can be up by 20 percent as compared with last month.”
Mainland tourists had shunned Hong Kong, a renowned shoppers’ paradise, with tours dropping by up to 30 percent during the tense standoff between pro-democracy activists and the city’s police force. Protesters set up camp on the main road in the Admiralty district in September, locking down the area and causing traffic chaos.
On Friday, taxi, buses and lorries were seen driving down the main thoroughfares, past government buildings and the city’s PLA headquarters, where thousands of brightly coloured tents and large scale art installations had been dotted.

Opposition dethrones Sakshi Maharajpicture  others
Opposition dethrones Sakshi Maharaj
BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj expressed regret in Lok Sabha and withdraw his remarks terming Mahatma Gandhi’s assassin Nathuram Godse a patriot. (Source: PTI)
Opposition members from Congress, RJD, TMC and Left trooped into the Well raising slogans : ‘Hey Ram, hey Ram; Gandhi ke hatyare ko diya samman’. (Source: PTI)
Congress MPs during a protest against BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj's remarks on Nathuram Godse near Mahatma Gandhi's statue at Parliament in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Congress MPs Jyotiraditya Scindia and Deepender Singh Hooda during a protest against BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj's remarks on Nathuram Godse near Mahatma Gandhi's statue at Parliament in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)
BJP member Sakshi Maharaj and Congress leader Sriprakash Jaiswal shake hands as BJP MP Poonam Madam looks on during the Winter Session of the Parliament in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Skip this Advertisement

Gold imports fall as traders await clarity on policyMeenakshi Sharma and A Ananthalakshmi     Mumbai/Singapore   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 17:05 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Gold imports of the country have decreased despite a recent move to ease curbs as bullion banks and traders await clarifications on new import policies, market sources said.
India, which is the world's second-biggest bullion buyer, scrapped a rule late in November mandating traders to export 20 per cent of all gold imported into the country, even as the market was expecting the government to tighten the curbs .
Customs officials, however, awaiting directions from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on the new import procedures, were not clearing fresh imports, prompting importing agencies to hold back, traders said.
"Customs officials are not clearing fresh imports as they are waiting for instructions (from RBI). There is no point in importing now and having gold stuck with them," said a trader with a top domestic bullion bank.
The government in 2013, struggling with a high trade deficit , imposed a record 10 per cent import duty on gold and the so-called 80-20 rule to limit purchases.
The export rule had triggered changes in the way imports were cleared, requiring firms to show proof of exports. The reversal of the rule will likely require more changes.
Traders had expected clarifications to the 80-20 rule earlier this week, but there have been none yet.
Another reason for the lack of strong imports is the adequate gold supply in the market.
Anticipating tighter rules, dealers had stocked up the bullion in previous months, with imports likely to have crossed 100 tonnes for a third straight month in November.
"Imports in December are going to be less than that because people are waiting for clarification," said Bachhraj Bamalwa, director at All India Gem and Jewellery Trade Federation.
Consumer demand for gold has also weakened because of the slowdown in the number of weddings, with demand expected to pick up again after mid-January, Bamalwa said.
The domestic prices of the yellow metal were either flat or at a small premium of US $2 an ounce, down from last week's US $5, traders said.
"There is no incentive to import at low premiums and there is enough supply in the market," said another trader at a bank.
Elsewhere in Asia, buying was steady as gold prices moved higher.
Premiums in top consumer China ranged between US $1 and US $2, while in Hong Kong and Singapore, they were unchanged at a little over US $1.
(Reuters)

Xiaomi may face major set back in overseas market: ReportTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
An Indian court which restrained the online sale of Xiaomi smartphones in India till February following a patent infringement petition from Ericsson could be a major setback for the Chinese company’s “most important overseas market” and its globalisation plans, reports said today.
The sudden ban may weigh on Xiaomi’s performance in its most important overseas market and its ambitious globalisation plans, a report in the state-run China Daily quoting industry insiders said.
The Delhi High Court in an interim order on Wednesday restrained Xiaomi as well as online e-commerce site Flipkart from selling in India handsets of the Chinese mobile maker that run on the technology patented by Ericsson. The court also restrained Xiaomi or its agents from making, assembling, importing or offering for sale its devices which are infringing the mobile phone technology patented by Ericsson.
“India is the top priority for Xiaomi’s overseas strategy. It will try everything to maintain its sales operation in the country,” James Yan Yan told the Daily adding that the company’s Indian shipments could hit “several hundred thousand” units.
Stockholm-based Ericsson told another state-run daily Global Times in an e-mail response that it has taken legal action after over three years of attempts to engage in a licensing negotiation with Xiaomi a number of its products are “infringing our patents.”
“It’s unfair for Xiaomi to benefit from our substantial R&D investment without paying a reasonable licensee fee for our technology,” the world’s biggest wireless network equipment maker said, refusing to further detail the ongoing legal process.
Founded only four years ago, Xiaomi launched its first Android-based smartphone in 2011 and started sales in India as it expands business beyond China this year.
The company has reportedly sold over 800,000 smartphones including its popular Mi 3 and low-budget Red Mi 1S in the Indian market since July.
A report by Counterpoint Technology Market Research said in early November that Xiaomi became one of the world’s fastest-growing phone brands in India in the third quarter of the year with a 1.5 per cent share of the market.
The overseas expansion has helped Xiaomi jump to No 3 in global shipments in the third quarter, following only Samsung and Apple, according to a US market research firm IDC’s October report.
“India can be a new wonderland for the Chinese rising star thanks to the large number of price-sensitive consumers, but Ericsson’s legal action will generate a setback to Xiaomi’s development there,” Xu Hao, an industry analyst with Beijing-based market research firm Analysys International told the daily.
Other analysts said that lack of more patents could affect Xiaomi’s future growth in overseas markets.
Post Comments
More from industry

November retail inflation falls to 4.38% y-o-yNovember retail inflation falls to 4.38 per cent y-o-y
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 18:03 IST
Consumer food price inflation eased to 3.14 per cent in November. (Photo: Reuters)
The country's annual consumer price (or retail) inflation eased for a fourth straight month in November to 4.38 per cent, its lowest level since the government started releasing the data in 2012, government data showed on Friday.
Consumer food price inflation , under a new series published by the government, eased to 3.14 per cent in November from 5.59 per cent in October.
The latest number was lower than a Reuters poll forecast of 4.50 per cent and October's level of 5.52 per cent.
(Reuters)

Centre plans compensation fund for acid attack victimsBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 7:27 pm
The Centre is planning to launch a comprehensive fund for acid attack victims, which will include a compensation of more than Rs 3 lakh, government told the Lok Sabha amid demands for death penalty for those indulging in such crimes.
Responding to concerns expressed by members, Minister of State for Home Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary said the norms for purchase and sale of acids are already strict and District Magistrates are responsible for controlling purchase and supply of such material.
He was replying to a private member’s bill moved by BJP member Kirit Premjibhai Solanki. The Acid Control Bill, 2014 was later withdrawn.
The Minister said acid attack is a heinous crime as the women do not only suffer physical injury but mental trauma as well.
In order to resolve this issue, strict action needs to be taken, he said, adding that not only the sale of acids should be checked, but also victims should be compensated fully.
He said the government will take care of all expenses of acid attack victims as it is planning to launch a comprehensive Victim Compensation Fund that will take care of medical expenditure as well.
Currently the state governments pay Rs 3 lakh to acid attack victims and under the scheme, the Centre could pay more.
As per current estimates, there are around 3 lakh shopkeepers who are selling acids.
Earlier, while participating in the debate, members demanded that acid attack should attract death penalty.
To this, the Minister said punishment has already been increased from 10 years in prison to life imprisonment.

Price cap on 52 drug formulationsPrice cap on 52 drug formulations
Our Bureau
Move may impact pharma firms Lupin, Cadila, MSD
New Delhi, December 12:  
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority has again revised the prices of 52 formulations, which include basic medicines such as antibiotic ciprofloxacin, analgesics such as paracetamol, as well as medicines used to manage kidney failure, including mannitol.
According to experts, this move is likely to impact companies such as Lupin, Cadila and MSD.
“The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority has fixed/revised the prices in respect of 52 formulation packs, both ceiling and retail price packs, under DPCO, 2013,” the authority said in a notification.
Reacting to the development, Lupin spokesperson Shamsher Gorawara said: “Though Lupin wouldn’t see any impact we have always maintained that competition is a great leveller and the market finds its own level when it comes to matters such as pricing.”
“Not all these medicines are new on the list. They’ve (the Authority) decided to curtail prices of drugs which have higher market share and they believe the prices are not justified,” said Sarabjit Kour Nangra, Vice-President Research (Pharma), Angel Broking.
Earlier, the Authority had fixed the prices of 43 formulations in September and 53 in August.
In July it had also attempted to bring 108 formulations that are not part of the essential medicines’ list under price control.
Correction
The quote by Lupin spokesperson Shamsher Gorawara was cut in a way that may have given a misleading impression. The quote appeared as: "We have always maintained that competition is a great leveller and the market finds its own level when it comes to matters such as pricing.” To clarify, the full quote is: "Though Lupin wouldn’t see any impact we have always maintained that competition is a great leveller and the market finds its own level when it comes to matters such as pricing." This news report has been updated with the full quote.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Arun Jaitley looks to push GST Bill hoping states will come on boardIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
A day after holding two rounds of talks with the state governments that continue to be chary about the proposed Goods and Services Tax (GST), finance minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said he would try to introduce the Constitution Amendment Bill for GST in the current session of Parliament so that it could be discussed and considered in the next session.
The empowered committee (EC) of state finance ministers that met here on Thursday resolved to resist the Centre’s plan to include taxes on petroleum products and municipal taxes in the GST and insisted the Bill should provide for a five-year compensation mechanism for states to make up for any loss of revenue. While the Centre is favourably looking at the latter demand, it is still averse to exclusion of petroleum taxes given it could lead to cascading of taxes at some industrial segments and undermine the structure of GST.
Even if the Centre and states manage to resolve their differences and the Bill gets introduced in the current session, it may be referred to the standing committee on finance. The earliest opportunity for passage of the Bill is in the Budget session.
As for inclusion of petroleum taxes, states are reluctant to even tread the middle path suggested by the Centre, which is to include petroleum taxes in GST and keep the rates nominal or even zero so that states can levy supplementary taxes sans input tax credit.
Sources said the Centre and states are planning to apply the revenue neutral GST rate for petroleum products and allow states to levy a non-Vatable tax within a narrow band over and above that. The proposal of zero-rating had caused the states to apprehend that they would require to pay input tax credit for businesses with petro goods as inputs.
As reported by FE earlier, in order to get the states on board for this crucial tax reform, the Centre has  agreed to many of their suggestions. Jaitley said a sum of R11,000 crore would be sanctioned immediately to the states to make good for the losses in their central sales tax (CST) revenue.
The Centre is also willing to put its share of revenue from inter-state GST in the divisible pool, rather than solely in its own kitty.
EC chairman Abdul Rahim Rather said after late-evening meeting with Jaitley on Thursday that some headway was made on many issues. He added that states finance ministers would meet Jaitley again within a week to finalise the features of the Constitutional Amendment Bill.
At a conference organised by a TV channel, Jaitley said he was hopeful of achieving an economic growth rate of 6-6.5% in the next fiscal and over 7% thereafter. He said the government would take more steps to streamline public expenditure and rationalise subsidies after receiving the report of the expenditure commission. “We are working overtime on reforms… insurance Bill will be taken up next week,” Jaitley said.
Post Comments
More from economy

Regulators  job is not to boost Sensex  says RajanStreet sees good show after stellar year
Unfazed by criticism that central bank is keeping interest rates high, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today said the role of regulators is not to boost the Sensex.
“Financial stability sometimes means regulators, including the central bank, have to go against popular sentiment. The role of regulators is not to boost the Sensex but to ensure that the underlying fundamentals of the economy and its financial system are sound enough for sustainable growth.
“Any positive consequences to the Sensex are welcome but are only a collateral benefit, not the objective,” Rajan said while addressing a Ficci function.
Comprising shares of 30 bluechip companies, S&P BSE Sensex is a benchmark of Indian stock market.
He said that in addition to inflation, a central bank has to pay attention to financial stability.
“This is a secondary objective, but it may become central if the economy enters a low-inflation credit and asset price boom,” he added.
The RBI Governor’s statement assumes significance as industry has criticised the RBI for not reducing interest rates even when both the wholesale and retail inflation are at a multi-year low.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley too on several occasions had nudged the RBI to cut rates and the issue also figured during a debate in the Lok Sabha earlier this week.
Rajan, who has kept interest rates unchanged since January, had yesterday emphasised that interest rate cut by itself would not lift the economy.
“It is not the only thing which is holding back economic growth. But it would have some impact,” Rajan said.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Saradha scam: Madan Mitras arrest conspiracy to destroy democracy  illegal  says MamataBanerjeeWritten by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata |
Posted: December 13, 2014 5:02 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 10:59 am
Moments after the CBI arrested state Sports and Transport Minister Madan Mitra in the Saradha scam, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee slammed the ruling BJP at the Centre, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP president Amit Shah, saying the arrest was “a conspiracy to destroy democracy in the country”.
Also Read: Biman Bose asks Mamata Banerjee to be ready for CBI grilling 
Terming the arrest as “wrong, unconstitutional, undemocratic, unethical, destructive and illegal and an act of political vendetta ”, Mamata announced a huge rally that will be held in central Kolkata on Saturday to protest against the “CBI’s political move”.
“The arrest of Madan Mitra is unconstitutional and speaks of political vendetta. The BJP has thrown a challenge and we have accepted it. Tomorrow, I am going to visit Madan at SSKM Hospital. Let Narendra Modi’s police and Amit Shah’s goondas prevent me. They are destroying democracy. They are ruining the country. The present central government is now being controlled by the RSS and it is quite evident,’’ said Banerjee.
However, CBI sources said that Mitra would not be admitted to SSKM, as doctors have said that the minister was fine. Mitra would be produced before the court on Saturday.
The Trinamool Congress, which is weighing all options on whether a privilege motion could be moved in the state Assembly on the issue, will raise the same in the Parliament too.
Mamata said that by arresting Mitra, the CBI had transgressed all limits. “They have not informed the Assembly Speaker. They did not consult us. Madan is unwell and has several medical problems. The Centre has unleashed a reign of coercion. The CBI has become a political tool in the hands of the BJP. In fact, the Centre is now at the hands of the RSS,’’ she said.
Describing it as a conspiracy against her government, Mamata said the decision to arrest Mitra was taken during Amit Shah’s recent visit to Kolkata. “Shah is doing this keeping in mind the Kolkata Municipal Corporation elections next year. But I am telling you, it will all be in vain. Modi promised to bring back black money. What happened to the promise? Also, the arrest has hurt the sentiments of the people,” she added.
“Now, the CBI will take anybody it likes. I urge all parties who fight against the BJP to unite. If they are willing we can join them,’’ Mamata said.
Claiming that two days ago, Mitra had handed over his resignation letter to her, Mamata said: “I told him he will have to stay on as minister. I won’t accept his resignation. He is one of our ablest ministers. He is quite popular among players, as he had distributed lots continued…

Saradha chit fund scam: CBI arrests West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra  Trinamool criesfoulWritten by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata |
Posted: December 13, 2014 5:02 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 5:06 am
The shadow thrown by the Saradha scandal is slowly creeping up the hierarchy of the Trinamool Congress. After two Rajya Sabha MPs, the CBI Friday arrested Madan Mitra , one of most powerful ministers in Mamata Banerjee’s Cabinet, for his alleged involvement in the multi-crore chit fund scam.
Mitra, the State Transport and Sports Minister, submitted his resignation to Banerjee before reaching the CBI office where he was grilled for five hours before being arrested. He is the first Minister in the state to be arrested in the case after TMC MPs Kunal Ghosh and Srinjoy Bose. The Chief Minister, later, called the arrest “the worst conspiracy the BJP government could do in Bengal.”
According to CBI sources, what led to Mitra’s arrest was crucial evidence including CCTV footage, key statements, and detailed documents of certain financial transactions.
The news of Mitra’s arrest was officially announced at 4.20 pm, following which Banerjee and her senior ministers came out in his defence. Banerjee and State Panchayat Minister Subrata Mukherjee claimed that the “decision to arrest Mitra was taken when the BJP national president (Amit Shah) came to the city on November 30.”
However, the buzz about the possible arrest of Mitra had begun on November 15 when he received the first summons from the agency.
The Minister was then admitted to a private hospital though the doctors there failed to provide a “reasonable explanation for his illness” to CBI.
Mitra was then shifted to the state-run SSKM Hospital, where a medical board — again — failed to submit a medical report to CBI “that could justify Mitra’s illness”. Following his discharge from SSKM, Mitra on November 27 sought a week’s time from CBI.
Contrary to Mitra’s claims, the CBI had recovered CCTV footage showing Mitra entering Saradha CMD Sudipta Sen’s office. Sources said that the agency had also recorded statements of Sen, Saradha executive director Debjani Mukherjee and other employees that revealed Mitra’s links to the Saradha establishment.
According to the sources, Mitra initially “refused to cooperate” but broke down after investigators informed him of the arrest.
CBI official Kanchan Prasad later issued a statement confirming Mitra’s arrest “on prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy, cheating, and misappropriation as well as deriving undue financial benefits from the Saradha Group”. The statement also confirmed the arrests of “Naresh Balodia, Legal Advisor to Sudipto Sen and Saradha Group on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case.”
According to a close aide of Mitra, the Minister had “submitted his resignation to the Chief Minister, but madam did not accept it.”
Speaking to reporters later, Banerjee said, “We also have several documents against many persons. But we are gentle and decent. Should we arrest a continued…

New coal bill may allow discretionary allotment of mines: Expertscoal bill
(In the Supreme Court judgement (scrapping…)
NEW DELHI: The new coal bill may allow the discretionary allotment of mines, as experts say a new clause in the proposed law can be interpreted as facilitating such action. However, coal ministry officials say the clause has been inserted only to allow tariffbased bidding.
Section 5(1) of The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, 2014, says the government can allot coal blocks deallocated by the Supreme Court not only to public sector units or joint ventures between two or more government companies but also "to a company which has been awarded a power project on the basis of competitive bids for tariff (including Ultra Mega Power Projects)" or UMPPs.
"This means that even private companies can be allocated coal blocks without an auction," according to Dipesh Dipu, an energy consultant teaching at Hyderabad's Administrative Staff College of India. But a coal ministry official said the provision is aimed at facilitating projects for which the power ministry has sought bids.
"In the Supreme Court judgement (scrapping coal block allocations), UMPPs (awarded through auctions) had been exempted from the de-allocation. This is the same clause. Some coal blocks are earmarked for the power ministry, for UMPPs," the official said. This clause, he added, is "only for new projects".
Vinayak Chatterjee, chairman and managing director of infrastructure consultancy Feedback Infra, said there's nothing wrong with the clause. "Any company awarded a power project — whether a UMPP or not — on the basis of a competitive bid for tariff will factor in the cheaper price of coal due to the captive block before bidding." However, Dipu feels that the provision creates a loophole that can be exploited. "Even a company which has won a tariff-based bid using calculations based on hydel or imported coal becomes eligible for such an allocation," he says.
"Rules that may be formulated in the future might better specify eligibility of the power projects. But as of now, this does create ambiguity." It boils down to a question of phrasing, the official cited above said. "Laws cannot be amended every day. You have to budget for future situations that might arise so that the bill stands the test of time. Therefore, there needs to be some flexibility."
It is possible that the power ministry might want to, in the future, auction even smaller power projects after pairing them with coal blocks, as was done for the UMPPs and that's why the Bill says "including UMPPs".
This, however, also creates the possibility of backdoor manoeuvres. "Including UMPPs" means any company with a power-purchase agreement (PPA) is eligible for such an allotment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Do-it-yourself drive: Tinkerers turn entrepr...Bangalore Makespace
(It could help the govt’s…)
BENGALURU: The maker movement is taking shape in India, equipping an army of inventors, designers and engineers with community-run workshops and support systems to manufacture innovative products.
This do-it-yourself drive is helping tinkerers turn into entrepreneurs and generate revenue from their creations. It could help the government's pursuit to boost manufacturing by helping build businesses and improve availability of the workforce, or create the next big product.
"People like us who have been building stuff just for ourselves are finally able to turn them into products for global audiences," said Nikhil Joshi, 26, partner of product design startup Digital Jalebi.
The startup, launched two years ago by two National Institute of Design graduates, has designed interactive installations for 25 clients, ranging from Toyota to the Mumbai International Airport.
Fracktal Works , started last year by three students from Manipal Institute of Technology , has sold almost 50 self-manufactured 3D printers in the past eight months and is launching five different variants of their product this month. Four-year-old startup Lechal has raised more than $12 million (Rs 75 crore) for its interactive footwear product, and is ready to ship its 50,000 preorders in the next few days.
For these ventures, the focus is on manufacturing physical materials, which is more capital-intensive and process-oriented than developing software, which most startups in India have been working on. "Hardware is different. You have to try it on a lot of people, figure out what the errors are, refabricate the product, and test it again and again," explained 27-year-old Anirudh Sharma, cofounder of Lechal and head of MIT Media Lab's India Initiative, which brings in experts from the MIT for events and workshops with local makers.
India's very own Maker Fest will be taking place this January in Ahmedabad, bringing together the maker community in a series of exhibits, workshops, and panel discussions. Meanwhile, to further foster product innovation, makerspaces, or community workshops, have popped up in metropolitan areas, providing makers with easy access to 3D printers, laser cutters, and other hightech equipment.
"We are connecting all the electricians, woodworkers, and welders to normal people so they can work together and come up with great products," said Kirti Shetty, 23, cofounder of Mumbai-based makerspace Maker's Asylum. The maker movement first sprouted in Europe and North America in the 1980s, and made a remarkable comeback in the US five years ago in the aftermath of the recession. Today, the maker and do-ityourself industry is valued at $5 billion in the US, prompting President Barack Obama to organise a Maker Faire at the White House this June.
Here in India, it is still nascent, but gaining traction.
"Makers are the root of the economy — they are going to determine the next huge wave of products and services and business that come out of the country," said Kavita Arora , founder of an online community called Bangalore Makespace and Open Source Creativity, which has more than 10,000 members. She has plans to open an incubator for hardware startups.
The Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation recently granted the use of the Halasuru Metro Station to Workbench Projects, which is creating a multifunctional space complete with conference rooms, storage space, a library, and a bakery, set to be opened next month. "Here there is freedom of technology, of ideas, and expression, and the aptitude to fail - things that you need to succeed in creating products," said Pavan Kumar, 30, cofounder of Workbench. "There is a huge disconnect in the manufacturing industry where education is not providing students with the skills they need," Kumar added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lingaa: Why Rajini cannot go back to the glorious 90sSpecial Arrangement
A still from Lingaa
The day it was announced that actor Rajinikanth would join hands with director K.S. Ravi Kumar for the third time for 'Lingaa', expectations of a possible return of the 90s’ Rajinikanth became shrill. In the last decade of the 20th century, Rajinikanth’s films were primarily self-referential: Rajini, the real-life personality often fused into the character he was playing, just so that every dialogue spoken by the character would appear as a personal opinion of Rajini, the real-life superstar.
The characters he assumed were a mere place holder. In film after film, he would give his take on politics, relationships and other life skills.
This changed after the debacle of 'Baba' in 2002, when the cigarette puffing, religious mumbo-jumbo speaking Rajinikanth was replaced by a more understated personality onscreen. He seemed to cut off the needless self-referencing and political commentary as he starred in movies such as 'Chandramukhi', 'Sivaji' and 'Enthiran', resulting in his stardom elevating a film and not the other way round.
Even in director Shankar’s 'Sivaji', where his character was pitted against a politician, the film largely steered clear of making any overtly political statements.
In fact, Rajinikanth has never been as popular as he is today, even though many say that he has been losing his political relevance in the State.
The new approach culminated in Rajinikanth doing 'Enthiran', a big-budget science fiction film, directed by Shankar. In 'Enthiran', Rajinikanth played a character so radically different (as a humanoid) in the twilight of his career and yet infused it with energy of his own. It was a film that pushed Rajinikanth’s popularity into stratosphere though it was not considered a quintessential Rajini film.
The Rajini of the 90s had finally given way to the Rajini of the 21st century. After its success, everyone expected him to go into top gear, perhaps compete on a national scale. However, he was diagnosed with a life-threatening illness, setting off rumours that his movie career was possibly coming to an abrupt end.
It was at this point that the announcement was made about 'Lingaa'. While his fans were glad that they are getting to see Rajinikanth back onscreen after a period of four years, it was also expected that the collaboration would result in a film which would reflect the taste, tenor and sensibilities of a Rajini movie before the ‘Baba’ debacle.
The idea to bring back the Rajini of the 90s in 'Lingaa', who gradually faded away in the last decade, has sadly back fired. Director K.S. Ravi Kumar has stuck to the basic Rajini formula: a poor Lingeswaran (Rajinikanth) realises that he is the grandson of a revered Maharaja during the British Raj. At some point in his life, he had sold his entire wealth to build a dam in a village. The younger Rajinikanth has to prevent an evil politician from messing with the dam.
It is a standard 90s narrative, where the dialogues (mostly uttered by sidekicks Santhanam, Karunakaran and others) are laced with obvious political references about the actor’s political entry.
Having K.S. Ravi Kumar at the helm has helped the film inscribe within the narrative much-needed urgency, which makes it watchable despite its three hour running time.
Lingaa’s sole purpose has been to satisfy the actor’s fans. In fact, actor Rajinikanth said in the audio launch that he wanted to release the film on his birthday for his fans who have waited for the last four years to watch him onscreen.
This is a film where the actor constantly breaks the fourth wall: after the introduction song, he looks at the audience and engages with them, the film features a sequence – of Raja Lingeswaran celebrating his birthday – which prompted the crowds inside the theatre to break into an impromptu birthday song and many other such similar sequences. In between all this, Rajini finds time to romance two ladies (one of which is Sonakshi Sinha) and sing duets with them.
One could call this a perfect Rajini film with all its bearings in tact. The fans’ yearning to see good old Rajini shredding the villains to pieces is understandable, but there is a reason why that archetypal Rajini slowly faded away.
Perhaps, the political vacccum in the State and mounting expectations of the actor entering politics amongst the fans were the reasons why the makers dusted the old Rajini off the shelves and brought it back to life. The fans have every right to feel sentimental about the Rajini of Padayappa, but what we actually prefer is another Enthiran. Honestly, twentieth century Rajinism is over.

After Putin trip  US unhappy  but no change in Obama s India plansAfter Putin trip  US unhappy  but no change in Obama s India plans
Inflation target reset on agendaInflation target reset on agenda
Oil plunges 3 percent to new 5-year lows after bearish IEA outlookOil plunges 3 percent to new 5-year lows after bearish IEA outlook
Abbott Healthcare  GlaxoSmithKline hit most by fresh control on drug pricesAbbott Healthcare  GlaxoSmithKline hit most by fresh control on drug prices
Kerry seeks to avert UN Palestinian showdownKerry seeks to avert UN Palestinian showdown
Hinduja Venture company secretary & CO Amit Vyas resignsDec 12, 2014, 09.48 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hinduja Venture company secretary & CO Amit Vyas  resigns
Hinduja Ventures has informed that Mr. Amit Vyas has resigned as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company w.e.f. the close of business hours of December 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hinduja Venture company secretary & CO Amit Vyas  resigns
Hinduja Ventures has informed that Mr. Amit Vyas has resigned as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company w.e.f. the close of business hours of December 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Hinduja Ventures Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Amit Vyas has resigned as Company Secretary and Compliance Officer of the Company w.e.f. the close of business hours of December 12, 2014.Source : BSE

ONGC declares interim dividend of Rs. 5.00Dec 12, 2014, 09.48 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ONGC declares interim dividend of Rs. 5.00
Oil & Natural Gas Corporation at its meeting held on December 12, 2014 have approved Interim Dividend of Rs. 5.00 (Five Rupees only) per equity share of Rs. 5/- each, for the Financial Year 2014-15.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ONGC declares interim dividend of Rs. 5.00
Oil & Natural Gas Corporation at its meeting held on December 12, 2014 have approved Interim Dividend of Rs. 5.00 (Five Rupees only) per equity share of Rs. 5/- each, for the Financial Year 2014-15.
Post your opinion here
 
Oil & Natural Gas Corporation Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on December 12, 2014 have approved Interim Dividend of Rs. 5.00 (Five Rupees only) per equity share of Rs. 5/- each, for the Financial Year 2014-15.Source : BSE

Latest pictures from India vs Australia gameLATEST PHOTOS
Australia vs India, 1st Test
Action images from the 1st Test between Australia and India played at Adelaide between December 9-13, 2014. Scores
Prev Next
ADELAIDE, AUSTRALIA - DECEMBER 13: Nathan Lyon of Australia celebrates with his teammates after dismissing Ajinkya Rahane of India during day five of the First Test match between Australia and India at the Adelaide Oval on December 13, 2014 in Adelaide, Australia. (Photo by Scott Barbour/Getty Images)
ADELAIDE, AUSTRALIA - DECEMBER 13: Nathan Lyon of Australia celebrates with his teammates after dismissing Ajinkya Rahane of India during day five of the First Test match between Australia and India at the Adelaide Oval on December 13, 2014 in Adelaide, Australia. (Photo by Scott Barbour/Getty Images)
India in Australia, 4 Test...
vs.
South Africa vs West Indies, 3rd Test
3 hours ago
Action images from the third Test between South Africa and West Indies played at Cape Town between January 2-6, 2015. Scorecard More » South Africa vs West Indies, 3rd Test
Exit, the Coolest One - MS Dhoni
Tue 30 Dec, 2014 5:06 PM IST
MS Dhoni's decision to retire from the longest format with immediate effect after the MCG Test has come as an outright shocker. Here's a look at some images from the coolest captain's career. (Text: Reuters/ Amlan Chakraborty; editing by Patrick Johnston) More » Exit, the Coolest One - MS Dhoni
Australia vs India, 3rd Test
Tue 30 Dec, 2014 1:07 PM IST
Action images from the 3rd Test at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, played between December 26-30, 2014. Scores More » Australia vs India, 3rd Test
South Africa vs West Indies, 2nd Test
Fri 26 Dec, 2014 3:12 PM IST
Action images from the 2nd Test between South Africa and West Indies played at Port Elizabeth between December 26-30, 2014. Scores More » South Africa vs West Indies, 2nd Test
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka, 1st Test
Mon 29 Dec, 2014 11:07 AM IST

John Kerry appeals to all to share burden of climate changeBy: Associated Press | Lima |
Posted: December 12, 2014 10:51 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:55 am
US Secretary of State John Kerry on Friday appealed to the countries at UN climate talks to jointly share the burden of combating climate change and draft their energy policies around renewable sources.
Kerry, who addressed representatives of participating countries at the UN climate talks being held, also took a swipe at the US politicians who continue to deny that climate change and its devastating effects are real.
“You don’t need a PhD…you just need to pay attention to see that the world is already changing,” he noted.
He said every country should do its part.
Developed nations have to play a major role in cutting emissions, “but that doesn’t mean that other nations are just free to go off and repeat the mistakes of the past” by not having environmentally-friendly energy policies and investment, he said.
If the US drastically cut emissions on its own, it would still not be enough to save the planet from warming to 2 degrees Celsius because “it’s the net amount of carbon that matters, not each country’s share.”
“The solution to climate change is energy policy,” Kerry said while calling for a focus on renewable energy.
He urged big greenhouse gas emitters to follow the examples of China and the US, saying the two “leaders of opposing camps” in the climate talks have come to an agreement, which should send a message to other countries that the “roadblocks” to a Paris 2015 agreement can be removed.

China s Nobel peace laureate sends message from jailBy: Associated Press | Beijing |
Posted: December 12, 2014 12:43 pm
The jailed Chinese Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo has told a friend that he is relatively healthy but wants the world to pay more attention to other Chinese activists.
“The aura around me is enough already. I hope the world can pay more attention to other victims who are not well known, or not known at all,” said a message sent by Liu to dissident Liao Yiwu, who lives in exile in Germany.
Liao, who posted the message Thursday on Facebook, did not say how he received the message from Liu, who is serving an 11-year jail sentence for inciting state subversion, but Liu’s friends say the message is genuine.
While in prison, Liu was awarded the Peace Nobel Prize in 2010 for his calls for political reforms.

230hp Super Tata Nano revealed  costs Rs 25 lakh!230hp Super Tata Nano revealed
12 Dec, 2014
Source: indianautosblog.com
The Tata Nano is a nice, peppy small car good enough for intra-city commutes. But a rear-engine, rear-wheel drive configuration also makes it a very interesting proposition as a driver's car.
To make things even better, it doesn't weight too much, either. And Coimbatore-based JA Motorsport have used the best of the Nano's traits to make a one-off Super Nano!

Worst Android Lollipop bugs and their fixesWorst Android Lollipop bugs and their fixes
11 Dec, 2014
Gizmodo
Android 5.0 Lollipop is here and while you might be rejoicing at all the new features you can take advantage of, you might also be cursing at the state that the new OS has left your device in.
We've rounded up the most common Lollipop issues so far, together with the fixes you can try to get your gadgets working smoothly again.

Six safety tech tips every woman must follow6 safety tech tips every woman must follow
12 Dec, 2014
Tweet
Text: Avani Bagga, TOI
Women safety has become a global concern, and the sad truth is that all women, regardless of their age, are at risk. In this scenario, technology that makes women safer is the need of hour.
There are also certain steps that can be taken which will ensure that women are safer. We have compiled a small list for you...

Suven Life soars 7%  gets 5 product patents in 4 countriesDec 12, 2014, 11.34 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Suven Life soars 7%, gets 5 product patents in 4 countries
Suven today received the two product patents from Israel, one product patent each from Japan, China and New Zealand corresponding to the new chemical entities (NCEs) for the treatment of disorders associated with neurodegenerative diseases.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Suven Life soars 7%, gets 5 product patents in 4 countries
Suven today received the two product patents from Israel, one product patent each from Japan, China and New Zealand corresponding to the new chemical entities (NCEs) for the treatment of disorders associated with neurodegenerative diseases.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Suven Life Sciences gained as much as 7 percent intraday Friday on getting five product patents for its new chemical entities (NCEs) in four countries.
"Suven today received the two product patents from Israel, one product patent each from Japan, China and New Zealand corresponding to the new chemical entities (NCEs) for the treatment of disorders associated with neurodegenerative diseases," said the Hyderabad-based life science company in its filing to the exchange.
These patents are valid through 2027, 2028, 2029 and 2030, respectively.
These products are useful in the treatment of cognitive impairment associated with neurodegenerative disorders like Alzheimer’s disease, attention deficient hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), Huntington’s disease, Parkinson and schizophrenia.
With these new patents, Suven has a total of two granted patents from Israel, 11 patents from Japan, 15 patents from China and 21 product patents from New Zealand.
"We are very pleased by the grant of these patents to Suven for pipeline of molecules in CNS arena that are being developed for cognitive disorders with high unmet medical need with huge market potential globally," said Venkat Jasti, CEO of Suven.
At 11:09 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 221.75, up Rs 11.80, or 5.62 percent on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 12Dec 12, 2014, 01.17 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 12
Here are few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Gas Authority of India (GAIL), Cairn India, Pricol, Bharti Airtel, Idea Cellular, Sun TV, Tata Sponge and Tata Metaliks.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing midcap stocks to trade on December 12
Here are few top buzzing midcap stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Gas Authority of India (GAIL), Cairn India, Pricol, Bharti Airtel, Idea Cellular, Sun TV, Tata Sponge and Tata Metaliks.
Post your opinion here

Retail inflation slips to new low of 4.38 pct; analysts invoke  base effectIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Cheaper food items helped retail inflation drop to a fresh low of 4.38 per cent in November — the fifth consecutive month of decline — a development that can strengthen the case for interest rate cut by the RBI.
This is the lowest level of Consumer Price Index (CPI) based inflation since the government started computing the new series of data in January 2012. It stood at 5.52 per cent in October 2014, while same was over double the current level at 11.16 per cent in November 2013.
The food inflation also came down to 3.14 per cent in November as against 5.59 per cent in the previous month.
Retail prices of vegetables declined by 10.9 per cent as against a decline of 1.45 per cent in October, according to the data released by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation today.
Price rise in fruits slowed to 13.74 per cent from 17.49 per cent in October.
However, the rate of inflation in protein-rich items like eggs, fish and meat was at 6.48 per cent in November, slightly higher from 6.34 per cent in the previous month.
The Reserve Bank in the recent past has focussed on retail inflation while deciding its monetary policy, but there have been no rate cut for many months.
RBI has been targeting a retail inflation of 8 per cent by March 2015 and 6 per cent by January 2016.
In its monetary policy review earlier this month, the Reserve Bank kept its key repo rate unchanged at 8 per cent and cash reserve ratio (CRR) at 4 per cent.
“…if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle,” RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had said.
COMMENTARY
R. SIVAKUMAR, HEAD OF FIXED INCOME, AXIS ASSET MANAGEMENT, MUMBAI
“A significant part of this (easing inflation) is on account of the base effect, and we should see that reverse and expect inflation within the next three months to go back to about the 5.5 percent range.
“We don’t see any immediate change in the RBI’s stance based on what I see today.”
BILL ADAMS, SENIOR INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIST, PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP
“Paralleling global developments, a decline in oil prices and downward pressure on commodity prices generally is cooling Indian inflation, as are the more favourable base comparisons between late 2014 and the highly inflationary period of late 2013.
“Although Indian industrial production weakened in October, the trend for the economy continues to be stronger; 2014 is on track to be the best year for Indian electricity output growth since 1989.
“Looking to 2015, India should be a big winner from the global decline in energy prices, which will support consumer spending power, dampen inflation, and provide the Reserve Bank of India with room to loosen monetary policy.
“Indian real GDP growth should accelerate above 6.0 percent in 2015.”
ANUBHUTI SAHAY, ECONOMIST, STANDARD CHARTERED BANK, MUMBAI
“The IIP (industrial output) print was much worse than expected, and we last saw such bad prints back in October 2011.
“Some of the negative impact is likely to fade from next month onwards. However muted activity in the industrial sector is unlikely to provide a big push. We expect a rate cut in February 2015.”
SHIVOM CHAKRABARTI, SENIOR ECONOMIST, HDFC BANK, NEW DELHI
“The IIP (industrial output) was shocking, I think there’s probably a one-off factor. Overall, it does highlight the fact that growth is still weak and inflation pressures are falling.
“It does put more pressure on the RBI to cut rates but I think given guidance RBI has provided, it would be prudent for it to wait at least until February and at least until the budget to take a decision.”
Post Comments
More from economy

Pricol to acquire Brazil-based auto component firmAuto component firm Pricol today said it will acquire a Brazil-based auto component maker for making a foray into the Brazilian market.
The company, however, did not disclose financial details of the acquisition.
“Company at the meeting held on December 11, 2014, has proposed to acquire 99.99 per cent of stake in a Brazil-based auto component manufacturing company through its wholly owned subsidiary incorporated in Spain,” Pricol said in a BSE filing.
Pricol, which did not disclose the name of target company, said that “the aforesaid company in Brazil achieved sales revenue of Rs 301.1 crore during the calendar year 2013.”
“This acquisition will enable Pricol to make a foray into the Brazilian auto component industry. The aforesaid acquisition is expected to be completed by the end of January 2015,” it added.
Shares of Pricol ended at Rs 43.90, up 2.69 per cent from previous close on the BSE.
Post Comments
More from companies

Rolling list for divestment in the worksRolling list for divestment in the works
Vrishti Beniwal | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:45 AM IST
The government is preparing a disinvestment road map where approvals will be taken for companies whose stakes can be sold in the next three to five years. The idea is to tap the market when the price is right and prevent hammering down of these stocks.
The finance ministry has identified around 15 companies, where the government's stakes can be divested this year. It has called a meeting of merchant bankers, administrative ministries and the public sector companies on the list on Monday and Tuesday to discuss the plan.
"We will identify the companies for disinvestment and keep everything ready, including Cabinet approvals and roadshows. It will provide a lot of flexibility and help time the issues better," said a finance ministry official who did not wish to be named.
At present, the government takes piecemeal Cabinet approvals for disinvestment. Often the stock price of the company cleared for disinvestment takes a beating as market players start selling it so that it is offered at a lower floor price in the offer for sale.
In the proposed system, it is expected the markets will receive such information barely two days in advance, providing less time for price manipulation. However, it may not always work because in the past the long gaps between approval and sale moderated valuations.   
In the meeting next week the government will identify companies that can come up for divestment in the next three months without controversy. Others will have to wait till the next financial year or whenever the market condition is right.
"When the supply of any stock in the market increases, there is a rundown on the stock price. Disinvestment increases the quantity of CPSE (central public sector enterprises) stock in the market. Therefore, the recent fall in share prices of Coal India, ONGC and NHPC is nothing unusual and does not show any diminished appetite for these stocks," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had told the Rajya Sabha in a written reply earlier this week.
Officials, however, indicated the current financial year targets of Rs 36,925 crore from disinvestment in public sector companies and Rs 15,000 from the sale of residual stakes in former state-owned companies may not be met. The Sensex has gone southwards in the last few weeks.
"We won't do a distress sale. Never in the past this much has been mopped up from disinvestment," the official said. "Oil prices have provided a cushion to the government," he added, when asked whether falling short of the disinvestment target would widen the fiscal deficit.
The government has already received Cabinet approval for selling stakes in ONGC, Coal India, NHPC, PFC and REC. It divested five per cent in the Steel Authority of India (SAIL) earlier this month. The Rs 1,700 crore offer for sale was subscribed more than two times, while the portion reserved for retail investors - those investing up to Rs 2 lakh - was subscribed nearly three times.
Many of the companies in the new list are required to have a minimum 25 per cent public shareholding according to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) norms. There are more than 30 companies where the government needs to bring its stake down to 75 per cent.  

Sarpanch shot dead in NorthKashmirWritten by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar |
Posted: December 13, 2014 9:41 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 2:30 am
Suspected militants kidnapped and killed a sarpanch in North Kashmir’s Baramulla district on Friday. This is the second sarpanch killing since the start of assembly elections.
Sopore SP Abdul Qayoom told The Sunday Express: “Some four-five militants kidnapped Ghulam Mohammed, 62, at 8.45 pm on Friday from his house in Hygam village and then killed him.” The body was recovered from a local orchards, one kilometre from his house, Saturday morning, Qayoom said.
He said that the police are investigating the case and are looking for leads. Mohammed, who is survived by five daughters, was initially associated with the Congress. However, he was not affiliated to any political party at present. A known social worker and philanthropist, Mohammad was also a poet. Protests were held in the area following the killing.
On November 30, suspected militants had shot dead a National Conference sarpanch in South Kashmir’s Shopian and a day later another sarpanch was shot at.

#Express5: @ShamiWitness traced  says he fears police; Aus-Ind ditch niceties on Day4By: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 8:56 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 10:59 am
 
1. SHAMI WITNESS
 
Outed by UK’s Channel 4 as the man behind @ShamiWitness, the pro-jihadi Twitter handle followed by thousands of Islamic State supporters, and with the police closing in, Mehdi Masroor Biswas, 24, has begun to panic.
2. GOD’S OWN COUNTRY
 
A 24-year-old Swiss tourist on Friday left Kerala with unforgettable memories of nearly six months spent in ‘God’s Own Country’. So unforgettable, that he now plans to file a case for compensation to make up for those months.
3. LIMA CLIMATE CONFERENCE
 
Activists wear masks of world leaders during a demonstration demanding cuts in global emission at the UN Climate Change Conference in Lima on Friday.
 
With just a few hours remaining in the climate talks to come to a close, countries finally got down to negotiating a simple and short text that will determine what and how each country would list as its “contribution” in the fight against climate change.

Party wanted to contest LS polls  not me: KejriwalComments
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader Arvind Kejriwal feels much has changed since he quit his 49-day government in February this year. The anger among people is fading and the party is now on a much stronger wicket ahead of the assembly elections, he says.
Kejriwal says that his party is on a stronger wicket and will take on the BJP, in a direct contest, in the upcoming Delhi assembly elections. Sonu mehta/ht photo
Talking to senior editors of Hindustan Times as part of the Unplugged at HT series, Kejriwal accused the BJP of trying to fan communal tension for electoral gains. The former Delhi CM said that he was not in favour of fighting Lok Sabha elections, but the party overruled him.
He said that he would like to fight from the New Delhi constituency again.
Kejriwal listed out the lessons that he had learnt during the last one year. Excerpts from the open session with the AAP leader: 
“BJP’s riots ploy is backfiring”
Riots are happening in Trilokpuri, Bawana, they even tried to do it in Seemapuri. My assessment is that it’s backfiring. They engineer riots and spread the message that only the BJP can save Hindus. But no community wants riots. In Bawana they made hate speeches but people protested. The communal card is not working. People don’t want to vote for a party which will trigger riots. People didn’t vote for the BJP (in LS polls) to face communal tension. People want peace in their lives.  
What has changed for AAP in the past one year
We are on a much stronger wicket. Last year, we were seen as good people but not good enough to win. Rivals and media opinion polls wrote us off completely. Our biggest challenge was to convince people that we were serious contenders. Now, 99.5% people in Delhi recognise our party and our political symbol -- ‘jhaadu’. Today, we are in direct contest with the BJP. Last time, people doubted our governance capabilities. They have now seen our work in the 49 days vis-à-vis the 180-days of the BJP government at the Centre. When we talk of women safety, children’s education, we see an expression on people’s faces, which is that of hope and support. Our support base among women is more than that among men. It was the same last time round too.
In both Haryana and Maharashtra (where assembly polls were held recently) people had no alternative. This is not the case in Delhi since there is no anti-incumbency here and people have a clear alternative in AAP.                                                     
‘Lt. Governor was partisan’ 
Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung has been partisan and his role is questionable (in deciding the fate of the assembly). Also, there was zero governance during  President’s rule. No department has spent more than 10% of its budget despite the fact that 75% of the financial year is already over. This is the kind of governance you get when you have a puppet L-G. So, if tomorrow you have a puppet CM this is the kind of government you will get. Once elections are announced, the L-G won’t have a major role.
‘I am not soft on Modi’
I actually never spoke against any individual. I raised corruption cases against Robert Vadraji. I never made any comment on (former Congress minister) Salman Khurshidji and I never spoke against Mukesh Ambaniji. As far as the present government is concerned, I wrote an article that Modi kept silent on issues such as the removal of (AIIMS chief vigilance officer) Sanjiv Chaturvedi and hike in medicine prices. I have been asking why Modi is keeping quiet. I will keep raising such issues. This government came to power on the promise of controlling inflation. The first thing they did was increase sugar prices. They increased railway fares, they increased electricity tariff. Before Modi flew to the US they increased the prices of 108 medicines, I’ve been saying all this. They said they would eradicate corruption and I’ve been exposing their claims.
Even Modiji is ultimately asking people to vote for ‘Jhaadu’ (laughs). A caricature of Modiji is being circulated on social media where he is seen with a Jhaadu asking people to vote for it. 
‘People quitting AAP is a myth’
Shazia Ilmi is the only leader of stature who has left us, we concede that. There is no second name. People like Captain Gopinath joined us on one news channel and announced his resignation on the other. About a hundred people left the BJP but you never ran a story. An impression is being created that people are leaving AAP in large numbers. In the last six months, at least 20,000 volunteers have joined AAP. People come and go but what is important is that we are on the right track. It’s a tough journey and good thing is that the driver knows the way.
‘Party, not I, wanted to contest LS Polls’
We should have concentrated on fewer seats. I told the media that we shouldn’t contest LS polls on January 3. But the political affairs committee of the party overruled me. That’s internal democracy at work. Now the strategy is to re-consolidate in Delhi.
Rail Bhawan dharna
I don’t think it was a mistake, you can question the manner in which it was done. Sleeping on the road in biting cold is not a drama. People said a chief minister should not sit on a dharna, but there are examples of Modi, Shivraj Chauhan, Nitish Kumar of doing so. You may disagree with some of the statements, you may disagree with the timing (ahead of the Republic Day) but it was done to seek justice for a woman who was burnt for dowry and people appreciated it. Questioning the right to protest is wrong. It is a legitimate right under the Constitution.

Can you spot the robotDomestic 'droids, at your service
Ken Wysocky
About the author
Ken is a freelance writer and editor who resides in suburban Milwaukee, Wisconsin. A former newspaper reporter and magazine editor, Ken has more than 25 years of editorial and communications experience.
Read more about these links.
(Jibo)
In the years following World War II, a veritable invasion of time- and labour-saving devices took place in the world’s households. Freed from the yoke of war and perhaps inspired by Atomic Age and Space Race fervour, major electronics and appliance manufacturers went into overdrive.
Related
No steering wheel? No problem
The result? A blitzkrieg of advanced, more efficient products both small and large, from toasters, hand-mixers and juicers to washing machines, vacuum cleaners, cooking ranges and refrigerators. Goodbye kitchen, hello tennis courts and bridge games.
Don’t look now, but the world is in the midst of another household revolution that offers more gee-whiz technology aimed at saving time and boosting convenience in ways unimaginable just a decade ago. It is a period in which software, sensors and artificial intelligence are making it easier than ever to do everything from mow lawns and clean floors to wash windows and unlock doors.
Here are 10 of the more ingenious devices that may soon change the way we live, by making our houses smarter, safer and more efficient.
HouseLogix VoicePod, voice-controlled home-automation system
(HouseLogix Inc)
If your home truly is your castle, then the wireless HouseLogic VoicePod makes you its undisputed monarch. The small tabletop unit’s embedded software enables you to bark out simple commands and get instant results – no questions asked or protest lodged. Whether locking doors, turning on the heat or a television, or shutting off lights, you rule. The VoicePod works in conjunction with a Control4 home-automation system, and one VoicePod covers about a 700sq-ft (65m) room. ($649; www.voicepod.com)
Philips Hue, smart LED lightbulb system
(Philips)
When the lightbulb sprang from Thomas Alva Edison’s brainpan in the late 1870s, it is safe to surmise that the Hue –  a wireless-controlled lighting system that turns the common lightbulb into a timer, a security device, a mood-setter and more – was not even a glimmer in his vision. Armed with Hue lightbulbs, a router-like device (with capacity to control 50 bulbs) and a mobile app, a homeowner can use a smartphone or tablet to brighten or dim lights, change a bulb’s colour, time lights to automatically turn on or off or be programmed to slowly brighten or fade. You can even turn lights on or off remotely, or make them pulse to the beat of music. (Starter kit: $100; www.meethue.com)
iRobot Roomba 800 Series, robotic vacuum cleaner
(iRobot)
In the 1960s US cartoon show The Jetsons, the futuristic family relied on Rosie, an aproned robotic maid, to perform household chores. The Roomba 800 Series vacuum cleaner is a far more sophisticated articulation of the robot-maid ideal; think technological chateaubriand to Rosie’s ground chuck. The Roomba relies on a system of software and sensors that enable it to quietly navigate around your home’s effects. When finished, the Roomba returns to its base for recharging. And owners can program it to work whenever and wherever it suits, up to seven times a week. ($699; www.irobot.com)
Honda Miimo 500 robotic lawnmower
(Honda)
Convincing one’s spouse that the lawn is not in dire need of a mowing can be as fraught as eating fugu. The answer? The Miimo, which promotes domestic tranquility by removing the chore entirely from the resident mower’s to-do list. The Miimo uses an intelligent combination of controls, timers and real-time sensory feedback to cut the grass. Concerned that the Miimo might do an Edward Scissorshands-like move on your neighbour’s back 40? Fear not. The user defines the Miimo’s cutting territory with a perimeter wire that sends out electric signals, much like an electric fence for pets. ($3,100; www.honda.co.uk/garden/miimo)
Jibo, family robot
(Jibo)
For those who remember HAL 9000, the congenial but ultimately diabolical computer from 2001: A Space Odyssey, Jibo could be thought of as HAL’s cuter, infinitely more friendly döppelganger. Just 11in (28cm) tall, the unfailingly polite and interactive robo-servant uses artificial-intelligence algorithms to become the personal assistant you never knew you always wanted. Available in 2015, the “male-gendered” Jibo is a veritable Swiss Army knife of functionality, able to take family photos, keep a record of appointments, recite stories to your children and engage in casual conversation. Just don’t let “him” see your credit card number. ($499; www.myjibo.com)
Nest, learning thermostat
(Nest Labs)
Not long ago, programmable thermostats seemed like cutting-edge technology. Then along comes the Nest from Nest Labs, a thermostat that educates itself, like a home-schooled child, and learns the homeowner’s personal heating and cooling preferences. All that’s required is manual adjustment of the thermostat for about a week. During that time, the Nest learns preferences and creates a personalised heating and cooling schedules, and keeps adapting to any future changes in usage patterns. The unit can be adjusted remotely via a smartphone or tablet, and it even senses your absence –  not unlike the family dog – and turns off the heat or air conditioner after you leave home, lowering usage and, consequently, utility bills. ($249; www.nest.com)
Ecovas Winbot 7 Series, robotic window-washer
(Ecovacs Inc)
Even if you don’t suffer from climacophobia (fear of climbing ladders) or acrophobia (fear of heights), it is easy to admire the labour-saving Winbot, which just might send squeegees to history’s dustbin. The robot employs a powerful suction mechanism to cling to windows or mirrors, Spider-Man-style, then uses sensors to map out an efficient cleaning path. The Winbot definitely won’t cure phobias, but it will relieve at least one preoccupation. ($300; www.ecovacs.com)
Monsieur, artificially intelligent robotic bartender
(Monsieur)
How can you be the life of the party when you’re head is stuck in a mixology book? Enter the Monsieur, a robotic bartender that mixes tailored-to-taste cocktails. Seriously. It can mix literally hundreds of different drinks, and it learns your preferences for stronger or weaker pours. Not sure what to drink? Ask Monsieur and it’ll make suggestions. This robotic Sam Malone also will accept orders via smartphone. And it even tracks your alcohol consumption and sends you a smartphone link to a taxi service if it thinks you’ve overindulged. It's a personal bartender that has also is your bar-back. ($3,999; www.monsieur.co)
August Smart Lock, Bluetooth-activated deadbolt lock
(August)
Leaving a house key with the neighbours in case of the dreaded home lockout is so yesterday, thanks to the Smart Lock. This device provides keyless access to your home through a virtual key, enabled on a smartphone or tablet. It uses secure, encrypted locking technology, similar to that used by financial institutions for on-line banking. You control who has access, as well as that access’s duration. The Smart Lock can even sense your approach and unlock doors for you. It’s a personal valet of sorts – and no tipping required. ($250; www.august.com)
The Clapper, sound-activated electrical outlet
(Joseph Enterprises)
This much-ridiculed yet deceptively ingenious device, made famous by late-night US television commercials, is not exactly new, having first been shipped in 1986. But this sound-activated electrical switch, which can flip two devices on or off with the clap of a hand, was pretty advanced for its time. And almost 30 years after Joseph Enterprises introduced it, the Clapper – along with its sing-song-ey “Clap on! Clap off!” slogan-cum-jingle – remains a pop-culture touchstone, as well as a convenient step-saver. And for that, it deserves a standing ovation. ($20; www.chiapet.com)
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Are motor shows losing their lustreDec 13, 2014, 09.45 AM IST  | Source: Overdrive Magazine
Are motor shows losing their lustre?
Are motor shows losing their lustre?
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Are motor shows losing their lustre?
Are motor shows losing their lustre?
Post your opinion here
 
The highlight for me two months ago was, for obvious reasons, the Paris Motor Show. A buffet of cars and technologies that will make their way to global markets in the next few months is where motor noters like me go to get their rocks off. Unless you're the BBC and everything comes to you! Which explains why Clarkson is never seen at a motor show. Good for him, but for us here on this subcontinent, we keep making that pilgrimage to the motor show halls of Europe, US and Japan regularly. A motor show is also the best place to get a sense of... Read More
ADS BY GOOGLE

J&K: Suspected terrorists abduct  murder Sarpanchmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Black money: In HSBC list  SIT finds 427 actionable casesBlack money: In HSBC list  SIT finds 427 actionable cases
Bill to amend cos law in Lok SabhaBill to amend cos law in Lok Sabha
Malala bursts into tears seeing her bloodied dressCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
The sight of blood-spattered school uniform she was wearing the day the Taliban shot her, made Pakistan’s teen Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai burst into tears, prompting fellow awardee India’s Kailash Satyarthi to comfort her saying “you are so brave”.
The blue tunic, white headscarf and white trousers, stained brown by dried blood, are on display at an exhibition dedicated to the 17-year-old education campaigner and her fellow 2014 Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailash Satyarthi, which the activists jointly inaugurated in Oslo.
Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai look at her blood stained school uniform at the opening of the Nobel Peace Prize exhibition at the Nobel Peace Center in Oslo. (AP)
As she was touring the exhibition yesterday, the sight of her blood-soaked school uniform, which were displayed in a glass case, made the global teen icon burst into tears, Norwegian news agency NTB reported.
Satyarthi, 60, comforted her with a hug and a kiss on her head. “You are so brave, you are so brave,” he told her.
Honouring Malala’s own wish, the uniform has been made part of the “Nobel Peace Prize exhibition 2014 – Malala and Kailash” at Norway.
This is the first time Malala’s uniform is being shown in public.
Uniform worn by Malala Yousafzai when she was shot by the Taliban gunmen. (AP)
The uniform has been kept by Malala’s family since she was shot in the head by a Taliban gunman in October 2012.
The bullet which hit Malala in the head went through her neck and lodged in the muscle above her shoulder blade. After the shooting she was moved to Birmingham in the UK for extensive surgery.
Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai speaks at the Nobel Peace Prize Concert in Oslo. (Reuters)
On Wednesday, Malala became the youngest person ever to receive the Nobel Peace Prize.
Malala and Satyarthi were awarded the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

How about an Android e-scooter IIT-Madras-incubated Ather Energy developing one!android
(The tablet can help the rider…)
CHENNAI: This e-scooter with its Android dashboard is out of the ordinary. IIT-Madras-incubated Ather Energy has developed a first-of-its-kind Android tablet dashboard for an electric scooter it is currently building. The tablet can help the rider with navigation and offer information on power, battery drain, system temperature and how long the scooter can go before the next charge-up. It can help track theft as well.
Posing behind a glass door inside the IIT-Madras Research Park is the fifth iteration. Ather has built this right from the chassis to the motor to the battery packs. It's about the size of any 100cc scooter in the market. The lithium-ion battery packs rest on the floorboard of the vehicle, sending minimal weight to the tyres and cutting "unsprung mass" - a major energy drainer. It is 20% lighter than counterparts and has a storage space that can accommodate two fullsized helmets.
"The idea all along was that it should be futuristic. A Hero will slam us in manufacturing. A TVS will make us vanish with their supply-chain efficiency. So, our bet can only be in design, functionality, and bringing a smart solution to Indian scooters," said Tarun Mehta, the 25-year-old co-founder of Ather Energy who quit Ashok Leyland to start the venture in October last year.
Corporate employment was not for other founder Swapnil Jain either, who had quit General Motors to team up with Mehta and return to their alma mater. Prof Krishna Kumar at IIT-Madras, who drew them into entrepreneurship , gave them the first few lakhs and the space to design their product.
The first prototype, ready in four months, served to help visualise how it looks, and firm up basic specifications such as torque, range, and temperature. Ather focussed on raising system efficiency by optimising the weight. "It took us three iterations to figure out where the battery should go," Mehta said.
About Rs 55 lakh has been spent so far, including investor money from Aerospike founder and IITMadras alumnus Srini V Srinivasan. Big names have just got on board: Sachin and Binny Bansal of Flipkart and Raju Venkatraman of Medall Healthcare have together invested $1 million.
"For me, the biggest return on investment will be the fact that not only do I get to encourage entrepreneurship, I also get to hear new ideas and learn from them at the same time," said Sachin Bansal , co-founder of Flipkart.
The ideas that Bansal is talking about include Internet of Things - the concept of connecting individual devices through wireless communications to draw operational data and control them. The team is trying out sensors to monitor bike parameters and process data on cloud. Each scooter will have its own SIM card for data communications. Ather will validate these ideas in a prototype expected to get ready in three months.
While Internet of Things is not unique in the automotive industry, Ather is the forerunner in bringing it to Indian scooters, said Krishna Kumar, the IIT faculty. The makingand-breaking is not over yet. The prototype currently can attain 75 kmph of speed, has lowcharging time of 1.5 hours against the typical e-scooter's 6-8 hours, and a total charge-up that consumes 2.5 units of electricity. All this is bound to improve before launch, which Mehta says would take another 12-15 months.
The Android dashboard may face issues in shock, heat resistance and periodic update, but an automotive-grade solution can offset some of the challenges. "At Ather, we have spent the last eight months working on the same," Mehta said. "We have initial prototypes which solve a number of these issues and over the next one year, we are confident of testing enough prototypes to bring this to production.
FEATURED ARTICLES

WTO Talks Collapse After Discord On IT GoodsWTO Talks Collapse After Discord On IT Goods
India pile on the runs against Australia on last dayIndia pile on the runs against Australia on last day
Saradha chit fund scam at a glanceSaradha chit fund scam at a glance
Rahul Mohindar negative on Tata SteelLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rahul Mohindar negative on Tata Steel
Rahul Mohindar of viratechindia.com is negative on Tata Steel and will prefer Hindalco Industries on a breakout.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
Rahul Mohindar of viratechindia.com told CNBC-TV18, "In  Tata Steel I think what has really happened is around Rs 420-425 that was a level of support I was eyeing out at and we have kind of broken through that and closed below that. There is no reason why even at these levels even technically speaking that one should be looking at buying into Tata Steel. So, this correction can extend itself. Will it happen instantaneously or in the very short term I think that remains to be answered. However, very clearly I am still negative on Tata Steel."
"If had to look at the metal sector, I would probably put my eyes on  Hindalco Industries and that too on a breakout. I would look at it may be past Rs 162-163. If we can start closing above those levels I would start thinking that Hindalco would move towards the upside but relatively speaking that would be my preference."
 

Prefer banking  pharma stocks: Rahul Mohindar02:30 pm
Rahul Mohindar of viratechindia.com told CNBC-TV18, "If you are looking at short term the come backs has clearly got to be banking and I would really look at the front runners like  ICICI Bank and State Bank of India . These are two stocks which can give us some kind of a surprise over the next week or two because once this market gets a bit of support these are stocks people are eyeing, these are stocks which have strong momentums on the upside from a medium to long term perspective. So I would really look at banking as the sector."
"If you are looking at something a little bit more easy in terms of volatility it would be stocks like  Ranbaxy Laboratories and Cipla . So, pharmaceuticals would be the other space I would look at but broadly these would be the two segments on the buyer side," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Fly SpiceJet at half the price of its peers on some routesYou are here: Home > Collections > Flights
Fly SpiceJet at half the price of its peers on some routes
Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Dec 11, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Airports Authority of India
(The DGCA ordered SpiceJet…)
NEW DELHI: No-frills carrier SpiceJet began offering cut-price fares on some sectors, in some instances almost half those charged by rivals, even as ticket rates surged across the board after the airline that's struggling for survival grounded more planes and cancelled more flights. Still, the Kalanithi Maran-owned carrier also got some relief on Wednesday as the state-owned Airports Authority of India (AAI) gave it some slack, it got another five days to pay dues of Rs 200 crore.
SpiceJet is offering tickets for last-minute travel at discounts of as much as 50% on key routes, although the difference isn't much on the No. 1 Mumbai-Delhi route. But flight cancellations by the airline have led to fares going up in general. "While SpiceJet is offering cheapest last-minute fares in key sectors, average fares as compared to November-end have also increased by about 15% due to one airline pulling a lot of flights," said Sharat Dhall, president of Yatra-.com, an online travel portal.
The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) ordered SpiceJet last week to stop taking advance bookings of more than a month and withdrew 186 flight slots due to the carrier's financial woes that have led to aircraft having to be returned to leasing companies. The DGCA order came into force on Monday evening.
The fare gap is most pronounced on the Delhi-Kolkata, Delhi-Chennai, Delhi-Hyderabad and Mumbai-Goa sectors. "The avenues to raise revenues for SpiceJet are limited since they cannot book beyond one month," said an airline executive, who did not want to be identified.
"They have a limited number of flights flying. Passengers are also not willing to fly SpiceJet because there is no schedule integrity due to so many cancellations."
The carrier's Boeing 737s fleet, down to 37 in July from 42 before it had to return planes, were further reduced to 22 on Wednesday. This led to the cancellation of 25 flights from Delhi, 17 from Mumbai, 15 from Bengaluru and 11 each from Chennai, Kolkata and Hyderabad. Before the crisis, the airline had 72 flights from Delhi, 40 from Mumbai, 46 from Bengaluru and 35 from Hyderabad, 26 from Kolkata and 46 from Chennai. SpiceJet has cancelled more than 1,800 flights in a month after it decided to shrink its fleet.
 
Government officials said AAI has given the airline time to clear its dues. "The airline has been given time till Monday on payment of Rs 5 crore to AAI today," said government sources. AAI had asked the airline to clear dues or be denied credit, meaning it would have to pay cash to use the facilities. The DGCA has, meanwhile, asked the airline to refund passengers whose flights have been cancelled by December 15. The airline has already refunded 55,000 passengers, according to figures available with the regulator.
SpiceJet has also for the first time delayed salaries to employees in December, after giving their tax filing forms late in the previous months. The DGCA had on Friday warned it to pay salaries on the 7th of every month. The regulator has also asked SpiceJet to submit a financial plan by December 15 on how it will clear its dues of Rs 1,630 crore. In a statement last week, SpiceJet said its dues were lower but didn't give a number.
On Tuesday, executives from the parent Sun Group headed by finance chief SL Narayanan met DGCA officials in Delhi for the first time since the crisis broke.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Average Salary Hikes in India Likely to Be at 11% in 2015: SurveyWorld's Super-Rich Spend $8 Billion on Alcohol: Survey
New Delhi: Indian companies are likely to keep average salary hikes muted at 11 per cent in 2015, with medical life sciences sector expected to dole out the highest pay raise, says a survey by global consultancy Mercer.
According to Mercer's 'Total Remuneration Survey', the actual salary increase across industries and career levels for 2014 stood at 10.6 per cent.
With an average salary increase likely to be at 11 per cent, the projected pay hike for next year in medical life sciences sector is the highest (12 per cent) and for the shared services and hi-tech industry it is lowest (10 per cent).
While the pay increases have been muted, a majority of companies have indicated aggressive recruitment activity in the next year on expectation of higher growth rate, the survey findings showed.
The survey covered 700 organisations in the country across various industry sectors like medical life sciences, chemical, oil and gas, manufacturing and engineering, automobiles and auto components, shared services and hi-tech sector.
"Overall, the current pay increase forecasts indicate that while business sentiment is positive, companies await the sentiment to turn into actual business results before taking aggressive pay actions," Mercer India Business Leader (Information Solutions) Shanthi Naresh said.
"In industry context, the organisation and specific roles are continuing to drive reward decisions," Naresh added.
Even companies which are forecasted to dole out lower than average salary hike "are using their discretion to differentiate and reward high performers with slightly higher pay increases in order to aid retention," Naresh said.
Mercer also found that the overall actual attrition in 2013 across industries was 10.3 per cent with the highest attrition in the hi-tech sector at 15 per cent. By comparison, attrition stood at 6.5 per cent as on June 2014.
According to the survey, engineering, sales and research and development functions continue to remain the most difficult functions to hire and retain talent.
Story first published on: December 11, 2014 20:05 (IST)

December 16 rape convicts are Tihar jails most hatedEYE BROWSE
Tihar jail’s most hated
It’s a testament to the dreadfulness of their crime that the four December 16 rape-murder convicts are a hated lot in a jail that houses some of India’s most notorious criminals.
Mail Today –  Thu 11 Dec, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: It’s a testament to the dreadfulness of their crime that the four December 16 rape-murder convicts are a hated lot in a jail that houses some of India’s most notorious criminals.
A week ahead of the second anniversary of the brutal night that shook the nation’s conscience, Mail Today checked up on Akshay Thakur, Pawan Gupta, Mukesh Singh and Vinay Sharma, are lodged in Delhi’s Tihar jail. Their co-accused, Ram Singh, was found dead in his jail last year after a suspected suicide.
The sixth culprit missed a stint in jail by a whisker as he was six months of 18—the juvenility threshold in law - at the time of the crime. He is currently living out mandatory three- year term juvenile criminals in a correctional home.
According to Tihar officials, four remain aloof and have just about no interaction with fellow inmate. The only time they talk is when their families come to visit. Such is the aversion they inspire in other prisoners that they are kept under surveillance by jail authorities lest they be attacked.
"They have no option but stay aloof as they are hated by other inmates, some of whom have tried to attack them. Their safety is our prime concern and hence we have put four under surveillance,” a Tihar jail official said.
Sharma and Gupta have been kept in Jail Number 7. Officials say Sharma, 21, misbehaves with jail authorities and staff at times. “He has been punished twice for breaking rules. This was in February- March 2013. Since then, however, he has not gone against the rules, but does misbehave with jail authorities sometimes,” a source said.
Ram Singh’s brother Mukesh, who is in 27-year-old, and Akshay Thakur, 29, live in Jail Court with penalty.
"They usually keep to themselves. Other than that their behaviour is fine,” said a jail official.
Despite the promise of a quick trial, the December 16 gang rape case is yet to be taken to logical conclusion. The four were sentenced to death earlier this year, but have since approached the Supreme Court challenging their conviction and death sentence.
Arguments on their appeal will start in the court Justice Pratibha Rani on February 18.
Legal eagles say the trial is in its last leg. “It should not take very long from here,” said former Delhi High Court judge Justice RS Sodhi (Retired).
“The Supreme Court conducts hearings on an hour-to-hour and day-to-day basis and finishes cases quickly,” he added.
Former Additional Solicitor added, “There is a degree of seriousness attached with the death sentence. Therefore, the Supreme Court cannot rush with a case of death penalty. It has to be treated with great caution even if its facts have been out in the media for very long.”
On the clamour for more severe punishment for the juvenile accused, Justice Sodhi said, “I still maintain that the demand to amend Juvenile Justice law is a knee-jerk reaction. The principal difference between an adult criminal and a child offender is emotional and intellectual maturity which cannot be ignored in any civilised society.” He added that while the December 16 convicts “ deserve death given the bestiality of their crime”, but not “every case of rape can be equated with this one”.
As the world prepares to observe the second anniversary of the brutal crime, Mail Today checks up on the four men India will never forgive.
The Supreme Court cannot rush with a case of death penalty. It has to be treated with great caution even if the facts have been out in the media for very long.
There is a Bill awaiting parliamentary approval that seeks to bring down the juvenility threshold from 18 to 16 Fast track courts set up for quicker trial of rape cases Zero FIR: Police across all stations are legally bound to register an FIR when approached by a woman with a complaint of crime against her, without jurisdiction being an issue.
More victims eschewing silence for justice The misogyny continues.
The past year has seen several famous people make insensitive comments blaming women for rape. If Mulayam Singh Yadav justified rapists saying “boys will be boys”, musician Yesudas said women “should not trouble others” by wearing jeans.
The rapes haven’t abated: in 2012, Delhi witnessed 581 rapes; 1,441 in 2013. By November 15, this year, the Delhi Police had registered 1,686 rape cases.
On the night of December 16, 2012, a 23-year-old physiotherapy student had gone to a Saket mall for a movie with her male friend. It was the screen adaptation of Yann Martel’s bestseller Life of Pi.
Around 9.30 pm, the two reached the Munirka bus stand, from where they were to board a bus towards Southwest Delhi. It was then that the six— the juvenile, Akshay Singh, Ram Singh (now deceased), his brother Mukesh Singh, Pawan Gupta and Vinay Sharma— came by, driving a private bus.
According to the girl’s statement before her death, the juvenile accused was the one who asked them in, saying the bus was headed towards Palam. When the two boarded, they saw that there were just six people on- board, including the driver. A short way through the journey, her friend got alarmed as he saw the vehicle had deviated from the supposed route and the bus door had been shut. When the two objected, the six began to mock them, asking the duo what they were doing “ together so late at night”.
An argument broke out, during which Ram Singh hit the girl’s friend on his head, rendering him unconscious. Meanwhile, Akshay Singh and the juvenile reportedly dragged her to the rear end of the bus. Ram Singh was the first person to force himself on the girl.
Over the next 20-25 minutes, the girl was raped by the six men, who also inserted an iron rod into her private parts. Thirty minutes after they had boarded the bus, the duo, their clothes ripped off, was thrown off in Mahipalpur.
It was after close to half-an-hour that a PCR picked them up and took them to a hospital.
Recommend

Safal ventures into frozen snacks market  to compete with McCainSafal ventures into frozen snacks market, to compete with McCain
Sutanuka Ghosal, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Azadpur Potato & Onion Merchants Association
(Interestingly, Safal has…)
KOLKATA: Safal, the organised retail chain of Mother Dairy, is venturing into the frozen snacks market with aloo tikki, a segment dominated by McCain so far. Safal's aloo tikki will be available across the country in modern and traditional retail formats by the end of this month. Interestingly, Safal has timed its entry into the segment when prices of potato have crashed by more than half in the past one month.
"The frozen vegetable snacks market in India is currently pegged at Rs 1,200 crore and it has the potential to grow manifold. Since we are already into frozen fruits and vegetables category, we thought that making a foray into the frozen snacks category will help us leverage this growth. We will offer frozen snacks with ethnic Indian taste like aloo methi," Pradipta Sahoo, business head (horticulture), Mother Dairy Fruit & Vegetables, told ET.
The company will use its existing channel partners to market its frozen snacks. "They will be available at our 400 stores in Delhi and NCR . All the modern retail outlets, including Metro Cash 'n' Carry, Spencers and Reliance Fresh will sell our frozen snacks as well," Sahoo added.
Safal plans to procure good volumes of potatoes in advance to avoid fluctuations in potato prices. "We have developed infrastructure for storing potatoes and have the advantage of directly procuring vegetables and fruits from 10,000 farmers across 14 states. We procure 400-500 tonnes of fruits and vegetables daily to meet consumer demand," he said.
Safal is aiming for a turnover of Rs 720 crore in FY15 against Rs 640 crore in FY14. "We are growing at a CAGR of 15 per cent and our entry into frozen snacks category will spur growth," Sahoo added. Safal will be able to procure potatoes this season at a much lesser rate and indications are that prices will be on the lower side in the coming year as well. RP Gupta, director, National Horticultural Research and Development Foundation, said, "The climate this year is favourable for tuber production, and the crop size will be good as well. Prices have started falling since arrivals have improved from Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana."
Rajendra Sharma , general secretary of Azadpur Potato & Onion Merchants Association, said that price of a kg of potato is hovering around Rs 7-9 at Azadpur wholesale mandi compared with Rs 18-20 per kg a month ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IRCTC in talks with CCD  Pizza Hut to open eateries at stationsYou are here: Home > Collections > Irctc
IRCTC in talks with Cafe Coffee Day, Pizza Hut and others to open eateries at stations
Tasmayee Laha Roy, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 07.13AM IST
Tags:
Hotels
(We would also add another…)
KOLKATA: Come 2015, and your wait in a railway station isn't going to be all that disappointing, especially if you are hungry. IRCTC in its effort to offer better fare at stations is talking to Cafe Coffee Day, Pizza Hut, Barista Coffee, Subway and Jumboking Vadapav, urging them to open eateries at stations.
In doing so, IRCTC is trying to take its annual earnings to Rs 50 crore from the current Rs 30 crore. "To begin with, Mapple Hotels has been selected to run the food plaza at Hardwar station. There are 106 other food plazas and fast food units that are at various stages of commissioning at places like Bhavnagar, Delhi Cantonment, Kanpur Central and others. We would also add another 56 food kiosks at Delhi Metro stations across New Delhi," said RN Kalita, director of catering services at IRCTC.
Travel Food Services (TFS), a Mumbai-based F&B operator that specialises in running restaurants, cafes, food courts and manages lounges across major airports in the country, will launch similar executive lounges across railway stations like Vijayawada, Howrah and Jaipur by next April. These lounges would be anything between 1,500 sq ft and 3,500 sq ft.
"We share the common vision of changing the travel experience of passengers with the Indian Railways. Our big challenge is to organise the scattered F&B services that are available at railway stations," said Gaurav Dewan, COO, Travel Food Services.
TFS, which has franchisee arrangement with brands like KFC, Domino's Pizza, Cafeccino, Haagen-Dazs, The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf , is also bidding to operate in the food courts and food plazas at various stations. IRCTC will soon finalise 50 food plazas in tier-II cities like Dehradun, Tambaram and Haridwar. Keeping in mind the heterogeneous consumers in railway stations, food items of all price range would be served at the railway and metro stations.
Operating more than 70 vadapav stores across the country, Jumboking Vadapav has proposed 20 outlets across stations in New Delhi, in places like IFFCO Chowk metro station and HUDA City Centre metro station.
FEATURED ARTICLES

McDonald s to pare US menus tospeed up service  bolster salesYou are here: Home > Collections
McDonald's to pare US menus to speed up service, bolster sales
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 04.06AM IST
Tags:
Extra Value Meals
(Mike Andres, the company's…)
LOS ANGELES:McDonald's said on Wednesday it plans to cut the number of items on its US menus and use fewer ingredients in food as it moves to speed up service, bolster sales and offer consumers personalised options to compete better with Subway and Chipotle Mexican Grill.
Mike Andres , the company's US president, said starting in January menus will have eight fewer food items and five fewer Extra Value Meals . The world's biggest fast-food chain, which has not had a monthly gain in sales at established US restaurants since October 2013, is also making the changes to reach out to consumers who are demanding simpler, more natural food choices. The company is testing its slimmed-down menus in six markets, including Bakersfield, California, and Knoxville, Tennessee, a spokeswoman said.
The simplified menu boar ds will offer one Quarter Pounder with Cheese hamburger as compared with four on the regular menu, one Premium Chicken sandwich versus three, and one Snack Wrap versus three. Andres said McDonald's is not finished tweaking menus. "There's more to come," Andres said on a conference call with investors. "We don't need to have a big menu board to offer variety."
The menu changes come as McDonald's plans to roll out its new "Create Your Taste" sandwich program to 2,000 of its US restaurants by the end of 2015. McDonald's is hoping that giving customers a choice of sandwich toppings will enable it to better compete with Subway and Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc, popular restaurants that allow diners to build their meals ingredient-by-ingredient.
McDonald's abandoned a prior customization drive several years ago. CEO Don Thompson recently told Reuters that technology that allows customers to order from mobile phones and inrestaurant kiosks makes success more likely this time around.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Virat Kohli opens up about Anushka SharmaThat kiss to the stands for Anushka was intentional: Virat Kohli
By Rashmi Menon , ET Bureau | 12 Dec, 2014, 08.58AM IST
0
Share More
Virat Kohli is open about his relationship with Anushka Sharma. He said, "People can see what's going on. That kiss to the stands for Anushka was intentional."
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Style comes effortlessly to Virat Kohli, whether it is scoring a 100 runs as a captain in the first Test against Australia yesterday or pulling off the latest trends in men's wear.
Just before India's tour of Australia, the star cricketer was in Mumbai to launch his men's clothing line 'Wrogn', which will be available in Shoppers' Stop and on Myntra from February 2015.
Kohli is open about his relationship with Anushka Sharma. He said, "People can see what's going on. That kiss to the stands for Anushka was intentional."
Kohli sat down with ETPanache to talk fashion and grooming. Excerpts:
What does fashion mean to you?
My fashion quotient is casual. I like being comfortable in the clothes I wear. It might be wrong for a lot of people but if it feels right to me, I go with it.
What are your grooming essentials?
Beard clipper, hair products-Moroccanoil moulding cream, face wash and moisturiser.
Who, according to you, are the most fashionable men?
I used to watch a lot of Justin Timberlake's live shows and songs.When I look at him, I think, "Oh, this guy's different. He wears hats with suits and sneakers - I love that. He's someone who has inspired me."
What are your favourite denims and formal wear brands?
To be honest, I am not a brand fan. I can pick anything from anywhere as long as I feel I will be able to wear it and be comfortable. I like different sorts of clothing styles. I try everything from slim fit to carrot fit to straight fit, casuals and chinos.
What are the accessories that you usually use?
I like wearing big frame sunglasses. Few of them are from Oakley. That's the one thing I really like to wear every time I dress up.
Who do you look up to for business advice?
Well, my management, Cornerstone.I work closely with them for those things. Plus, my brother gives a lot of inputs.
What are your frequently used apps?
I am not a huge app fan. I use general applications on the phone like Safari, music. But I do enjoy photo editing apps where you can change pictures and make someone look old. Funny applications where I can play around with people's pictures, edit them and make fun of it, I like those the best.

How SpiceJet s woes are different from Kingfisher sYou are here: Home > Collections
SpiceJet’s decision to reduce its fleet size and cut down on flights not alike Kingfisher’s
Rajesh Naidu, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 11.24AM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
(The comparison between…)
SpiceJet's decision to reduce its fleet size and cut down on flights to address its working capital woes has prompted investors to compare its fate with that of now-defunct Kingfisher Airlines .
While SpiceJet's future prospects depend to a great extent on how quickly its promoters can solicit fresh infusion of funds, a relatively lower debt and lower cost of operations due to its low-cost carrier model puts the airline in a better spot than Kingfisher.
SpiceJet has been facing fund crunch to run its daily operations — referred to as working capital issues. This is partly attributed to the unprofitable operations on its new routes that could not fetch high passenger traffic. Its strategy to offer tickets at abysmally low prices further put pressure on operating profitability.
Amrit Pandurangi, senior director at Deloitte, said, "The comparison between the operations of Kingfisher and SpiceJet ends with the financial difficulties they face. Beyond that, it is Spice-Jet's strategy to offer abysmally low discounts almost at every key route that has worked against it."
The company's revenue doubled to Rs 6,356.3 crore in three years to FY14. However, its accumulated loss in the same period, represented by reserves and funds on its balance sheet, shot up to Rs 1,588 crore from Rs 84.3 crore.
SpiceJet was hit by erratic growth in passenger traffic in the last three years, firm crude prices and weak rupee against the dollar.
Passenger traffic fell by 4.2% in FY12 against an 18% growth in FY11, marginally recovering in FY14 with a 5% growth. Rashesh Shah, aviation analyst at ICICI Securities , said, "SpiceJet derives 90% of its revenues in Indian rupee , while close to 75% of its costs is dollar-denominated."
While SpiceJet's woes are large, they are not insurmountable. What distinguishes it from Kingfisher is that its promoters have shown consistency in infusing funds into the business. SpiceJet's promoters have infused Rs 1,300 crore so far. On Thursday, they paid Rs 5 crore to aviation authorities towards the dues of Rs 200 crore.
Another factor is the relatively lower debt on its books. Kingfisher being a full service carrier had bigger fleet size than SpiceJet's, which is a low-cost carrier. Kingfisher debt, as per figures it last reported, was Rs 7,500 crore as opposed to SpiceJet's Rs 1,506 crore at the end of the September quarter. To reduce its expenses, SpiceJet has reduced its daily flights to 232 from 331 in FY14.
It has also scaled down its capacity to 37 aircraft from 58 in FY14. The recent data shows that passenger traffic has improved by 15% in the past six months.
A sharp fall in global crude oil prices, too, augurs well for the airline. It currently spends Rs 150-200 crore to service debt. With a topline of over Rs 6,000 crore, it needs to generate an operating margin before depreciation of 4-5% to pay interest.
The airline would find it easier to take advantage of the demand revival and gain market share if it can secure a strategic investor, which would help it resolve the working capital issues.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vistara  Air Asia & SpiceJet to put downward pressure on air faresVistara, Air Asia & SpiceJet likely to put downward pressure on air fares in 2015
Anirban Chowdhury & Mihir Mishra, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Air Asia
(Daily Delhi-Mumbai, Mumbai-Bangalore…)
MUMBAI | NEW dELHI: Happy New Flying Year? More so for the corporate frequent flyer? Quite possibly. 2015 may see lower domestic fares and more metro-to-metro flights than this year. And no-frills flying, the clear winner in 2014, may yet again see some serious competition from business classplus-free meals flying options.
Three New Year developments are likely to put downward pressure on air fares.
First, the Tata-Singapore Airlines-run full service carrier Vistara (fleet size 5, by March) will start operations early next year and its promised highquality full service will be in direct competition with Jet Airways (fleet size 101), which has discontinued its low-cost operations and is girding up to improve its full-service offering.
Second, low-cost carrier Air Asia (fleet size 3, expected to go up to 5 or 7 in 2015) will significantly increase its metro operations and will be taking an aim at nofrills biggie IndiGo (fleet size 85). And IndiGo itself is adding one aircraft a month to its fleet and will ramp up more once the 180 aircraft it ordered in 2011 start arriving in the last quarter of 2015.
Third, the SpiceJet (fleet size 39) story may not be over. The airline may survive and may recover at least partly from its current ignominy of having had to surrender 186 flying slots to the aviation regulator.
So, simple supply-demand math may produce lower fares. Demand is better now than it was earlier, Yatra.com's President Sharat Dhall says, but it's not red-hot. Therefore, significantly larger supply of flying options and market share-grab compulsions of new and newish players may lead to fare cuts.
John Nair, head of business travel at Cox & Kings, said, "With more options for passengers and shakeup in the market, existing carriers may slash prices to protect market share."
Daily Delhi-Mumbai, Mumbai-Bangalore and Delhi-Bangalore flights total less than 100 now. The travel industry is expecting a sharp jump in that number.
The other 2015 change, which is even better news for the corporate traveller, is that his options for reasonably priced business class flying will jump.
Vistara and Jet will between them provide far more business class flying options than in 2014.
  "We look forward to the Singapore Airlines quality of service coming to Indian skies via Vistara. With this launch, the availability of premium seats is expected to go up significantly. Vistara will add more business class seats," said Rajesh Magow, co-founder and CEO-India at travel portal MakeMyTrip.
Magow also pointed to Jet: "Jet has already announced the termination of its low-cost arm Jet Konnect. This will help them focus on the premium customer base they were historically a favourite of."
And it's not just Vistara plus Jet. International carriers British Airways, Lufthansa, Singapore Airlines and Emirates will be adding more business class seats for flights in and out of India in 2015. Also, the civil aviation ministry finally allowing domestic carriers to fly global without pre-conditions means Vistara will be aligned with Singapore Airlines' international network — that's more competition in international flights out of India.
The unrivalled primacy of low-cost carriers, exemplified by IndiGo, will get challenged a bit in 2015. IndiGo has 37% of the total market, and no-frills flying accounts for 65% of the market. Jet plus Vistara will make a dent, analysts reckon, especially if economy class service in fullservice airlines gets significant upgrades.
MakeMyTrip's Magow sees this as a possibility. "Vistara is expected to have a better full-service offering for economy class passengers compared with the standard no-frills offering by low-cost carriers," he says.
Of course, no-frills will remain the king of aviation in the near future, especially with IndiGo bulking up. "Market conditions may have forced some carriers to change their models but I wouldn't term this as the re-emergence of fullservice carriers. The low-cost model will still be very much relevant," says Peeyush Naidu, senior director, Deloitte.
But for the corporate traveller, 2015 will provide far more flying options where he can stretch his legs, mull over a choice of quality meals and is fussed over by an attentive cabin crew.
FEATURED ARTICLES

 RBI  Government To Discuss Timeline for 2-6% InflationArun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will start talks with the government for an "appropriate timeline" to ensure the economy is within a medium term inflation target of 2-6 percent, Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Friday.
"Going forward, we will discuss an appropriate timeline with the government in which the economy should move to the centre of the medium term inflation band of 2-6," Mr Rajan said in a lecture at an industry event.
Mr Rajan added "a glide path" towards lowering inflation to those levels worked best for India by ensuring moderate economic growth.
The RBI Governor also proposed a debate on whether India needed more institutions "to ensure deficits stay within control and the quality of budgets is high," noting other countries had independent bodies that provided opinions on fiscal budgets.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

What Gangnam people say about startup boomTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
The uber-trendy neighborhood in Seoul that served as the backdrop for PSY’s ”Gangnam Style” hit is famous for sky high real estate prices, plastic surgery clinics and Ivy League prep schools. Now, Gangnam is making a name as a bustling center for tech startups.
In the 40 square kilometers of land south of Han river, Gangnam entrepreneurs are looking to challenge global services like YouTube or Google. They say Gangnam offers a rare combination of trend-setting consumers and a pool of engineers and developers.
”Gangnam is where desires converge. Startups are the groups that solve their clients’ problems,” said Ryu Jung-hee, 40, CEO, FuturePlay, a South Korean startup incubator. ”To do that they should be located where they can see clients’ desire more clearly.”
”Gangnam has the best of the New York city and Silicon Valley,” said Steven Baek, a marketing director at FuturePlay. Silicon Valley is ”tech-centric, with a lot of nerdy and geeky people but it doesn’t have much diversity. Gangnam’s benefit is diversity,” he said. ”New York has lots of fun clubs and rich consumer-based culture like Gangnam but it doesn’t have many engineers.”
”The segments of consumers who are the best match with us are walking outside this area,” said Johnny Oh, CEO at Maverick, which recently launched a cloud-based mobile video editing app called Alive Story from his startup in Gangnam. ”They are consumers with far-reaching influence.”
”Until now in Korea there were cultural misconceptions about startups that if you join startups, (it’s because) you can’t get a job or you’re not smart,” said MangoPlate Co-founder Joon Oh, a former Samsung manager-turned-entrepreneur. ”I think that’s changing because of government support, because of accelerators, because of success cases.”
”Big companies do almost no M&As. They don’t want to admit they are inferior to startups,” said Simon Lee, a 32-year-old founder of translation app developer Flitto. ”But Hyundai Motor spent 10 trillion won to buy a land in Gangnam.”
Post Comments
More from industry

 RBI Mantra for Way Forward: Make in India  Make for IndiaReserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan while addressing an industry body at an event in New Delhi on Friday said, it is important not just to 'Make in India' but also 'Make for India'.
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is also present at the event.
Here are the highlights from his speech:
Important to plan for a global economy which won't be as strong as in the pre-crisis years
India should focus on 'Make In India' as well as 'Make For India'
To improve productivity improve human capital- make sure they are healthy and enabled with appropriate education
For Make in India, we need to improve the efficiency of producing in India
We will have to be reliant on domestic demand
'Make in India' is more about creating the environment rather than specific sectors
To attract foreign investment we must ensure policies, especially on taxes are transparent
We have to work towards a more fair global system
We have to pay attention to financial stability
RBI will start talks with the government for an appropriate timeline to ensure the economy is within a medium term inflation target of 2-6 per cent
Several economies flirting with deflation
Global economy weak despite recovery in the US
Emerging markets have to depend on domestic demand
Domestic demand has to be financed responsibly
Banks have to learn from past mistakes in project evaluation
Low and stable inflation ensure best conditions for growth
Strong US growth could move the world economy out of tepid recovery
Low oil prices are net positive for the world economy
 

Brazilian man admits killing 41 people  just for funBy: Agence-France Presse | Rio De Janeiro |
Posted: December 12, 2014 2:39 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 2:54 pm
RIO DE JANEIRO: A Brazilian man accused of stabbing a woman to death in a Rio suburb has confessed to have murdered 41 people, almost all of them women, “for the fun of it,” police said on Thursday.
“He wanted to kill women — white women, not black ones. He followed the victims, studying them closely before committing the crimes,” said police commissioner Pedro Henrique Medina from the northern suburb of Nova Iguacu.
The man was identified as Sailson Jose das Gracas, a 26-year-old whom police describe as a psychopath.
They said they were checking his statements against past investigations, and so far they tally with the evidence.
Gracas says he murdered 37 women, three men and a two-year-old child over a nine-year killing spree, explaining he killed the child because he feared it would cry and attract neighbors’ attention.
“I observed them, I studied them. I waited for a month, sometimes a week, depending on the place. I tried to ascertain where they lived, what their families were like. I kept watch on their houses and then after a while went there at dawn, waited for my chance and entered,” broadcaster Globo’s G1 news portal quoted Gracas as saying.
He explained he started out as a petty thief.
“At 17, I killed the first woman and that gave me a buzz. I kept on doing it and I enjoyed it,” he said, adding on one occasion a couple, Cleusa Balbina and her former husband Jose Messias, contracted him to kill someone for money.
The pair are now under arrest. Gracas said he used a gun in contract killings but strangled his other victims.
He planned his crimes meticulously, wearing a rain jacket in order to conceal his identity and gloves in order not to leave fingerprints, adding he became addicted to murder.
“When I wasn’t killing someone I got uptight. I would pace up and down at home. Killing calmed me down,” he was quoted saying.
“I’d kill someone and then would think about the victim for two or three months. After that, I’d go off hunting” for another victim, Gracas revealed.
“I don’t feel remorse — if I go to jail for 10, 15, 20 years, then as soon as I get out, I’ll do the same thing all over again,” he insisted.
Under Brazilian law, the maximum prison term is 30 years. The country has never had capital punishment.

  Make in India   Largely  For India   Says RajanArun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
Terming the global economic outlook as "mediocre", RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan on Friday said, we should 'Make in India', but largely "for India", emphasising the need for the government to focus on domestic led growth, at a time when the developed countries were showing very slow growth.
"We don't realise as much if industrial countries are growing slowly, we should make for India...we should aim to make for the rest of the world but we should realise for the most part...we would be reliant on domestic demand, " Mr Rajan said.
Clearly warning against an export led strategy, Mr Rajan said the world cannot accommodate another export-led China.
"There is a danger when we discuss 'Make in India', of assuming it means a focus on manufacturing, an attempt to follow the export led growth path that China followed. I don't think such a specific focus is intended...world cannot accommodate another export led China. When India pushes into manufacturing exports it will have China to contend with," he said
Mr Rajan also talked about the woes of small businesses and the role of regulators, saying petty bureaucrats can become tyrants. Addressing a gathering of top industrialists, he said while big businesses have their share of problems, the small businesses have greater woes as they "confront myriad mysterious regulations", with the petty regulators having the power to close them down. He also emphasised the need to examine the cost and benefits of regulations.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 16:06 (IST)

Salaries in India Likely to Rise by 10.5% in 2015: ReportDeadline to Exchange Pre-2005 Notes Extended
New Delhi: A turnaround is expected globally during 2015 in terms of salary, with companies in India likely to dole out an average pay hike of 10.5 per cent, according to a report by HayGroup.
According to HayGroup's 2015 salary forecast, salaries across the globe are set to rise by an average 5.4 per cent in 2015 as compared with 5.2 per cent last year.
"This year we are seeing a big turnaround when salary rises are compared with predicted inflation rates," a Haygroup report said, adding, "In some emerging markets - the boom area of the last ten years - real wages are falling."
Among Asian economies, India is expected to see a salary rise of 10.5 per cent, followed by Indonesia at 10 per cent, China (8 per cent), Philippines (7.5 per cent), Malaysia (6.4 per cent), Thailand (6 per cent), Korea (5 per cent), Singapore (4.4 per cent) and Hong Kong (4 per cent).
According to the report, real pay (after taking inflation into account) is now rising in many European markets with previously struggling economies such as Greece and Ireland showing signs of recovery with small real rises.
The slowdown in Russia, Brazil and Ukraine was mirrored with real wage cuts, while high inflation erodes salaries in Latin American countries such as Venezuela and Argentina.
While the Latin America regional average stood at 9.7 per cent, Africa regional average at 6.9 per cent, Asia regional average was 6.8 per cent, followed by the Middle East (5.6 per cent), Europe (3.1 per cent) and North America (2.8 per cent).
Haygroup further noted that salaries are still rising in some Asian markets as the war for talent continues and globally Asia is likely to see the highest growth in real salaries in 2015.
The pay database was drawn from 16 million people in 24,000 organisations to show predicted salary increases forecast for 2015. We have compared them to inflation forecast data from Economist, October 2014.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 15:11 (IST)

 Seasonal Trends to Impact Q3 Revenue: TCSYou are here: Home Corporates
TCS Says Seasonal Trends to Impact Q3 Revenue
Reuters | Updated On: December 12, 2014 19:05 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
Mumbai: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), India's biggest software services exporter, on Friday said it expected third-quarter revenue to be "in line with seasonal trends" as holidays and furloughs impact some of its key businesses.
The company sees demand in North America to be in line with its expectations for the quarter ending December 31, adjusted for seasonal weakness, TCS said in a filing with the stock exchange after market hours.
The third quarter is seasonally weak for TCS due to holidays in the United States and Europe, key markets where it fights for contracts with competitors in the $100 billion-plus Indian outsourcing sector.
Shares in TCS, India's biggest company by market valuation, closed down 1.66 per cent in a market that fell 0.91 per cent. They had fallen 2 per cent earlier in the day on speculation the company would announce a restructuring that would impact earnings outlook.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

XPrize can help turn dreams into reality: Ratan TataRatan Tata, launching "XPrize" in Mumbai on Friday. SHASHI ASHIWAL
Mumbai, December 12:  
Chairman Emeritus of Tata Sons, Ratan Tata’s association with the XPrize Foundation dates back to 2008, when Tata Motors decided to join the race for the $10-million auto XPrize.
Though the company was already making headlines the same year, having unveiled the world’s cheapest car, the Nano, Ratan Tata said he was keen to join the race for the multi-million-dollar automotive XPrize.
“I was very enamoured by the prospect of going to space, and was drawn by an article in Time magazine about the XPrize contender’s privately built SpaceShipOne,” said Tata, adding: “At the same time, I was trying to participate in the micro-gallon race (with Tata Nano), and what really struck me about XPrize was that an organisation was aiming to solve a problem technologically and coupling it with a feat of endurance.”
Speaking at an event to launch the Indian chapter of XPrize in India, Ratan Tata, an investor and trustee, said he was “extremely drawn to the technological motivation behind the prize, given that its use was not just in the lab or a work-bench, but out in the real world.”
The Automotive X-Prize required vehicles to attain a fuel economy of at least 100 miles per US gallon, equivalent to 100 km on 2.35 litres, while also remaining practical for real-world use.
Though ultimately the Edison2 team took away the $5-million award for winning the mainstream class of the Automotive XPrize with its Very Light Car, Ratan Tata joined the XPrize board the same year, in 2008.
Ever since, Tata has been keen to bring the innovative contest to India. “India has tremendous potential, we have lots of inventors and innovation...,” he said, adding that by bringing the XPrize to India, “even 20-year-olds who have great ideas and want to be recognised on a global basis for their achievements...can participate without any limitation of age, wealth or name.”
Global solutions
Ratan Tata added that he had a dream that an Indian engineer or inventor could solve global problems.
“Earlier, he would never have had a chance to do that. With XPrize, now there is a chance….for these are visionary things that have been technically considered impossible, like artificial eyes, autonomous cars, application of robots… in the medical area, genome sequencing... all not easy to do. For the most part, these are the subject of dreams. Now, the satisfaction would be to bring all that into reality,” said Tata.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Sebi gets 7 complaints against companies looking to delistSebi gets 7 complaints against companies looking to delist
Press Trust Of India |  Dec 12, 2014 10:44 PM IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has received seven complaints against companies looking to delist from stock exchanges and has initiated appropriate action against these firms, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha on Friday. Besides, Sebi has also dealt with cases related to delisting of Astrazeneca Pharma and Cable Corporation of India.

Infosys  Finacle looks to invest in US-Asia ...Finacle
(Infosys is looking scale…)
BENGALURU: Infosys is introducing disruptive technologies, including data analytics, to offer real-time solutions to banks and will engage with some homegrown startups as it looks to transform its core banking platform Finacle under the unit's new boss, former SAP executive vice president Michael Reh .
The company will also be making "significant investments" in its main Asia-Pacific market and the US, where Finacle hasn't been able to expand much. "We have recognised that if we want to be a player in (US) market as well, we have to do certain investments and we are going to invest into topics like infrastructure, data centre," said Reh, in his first interview to ET after taking over as head of Finacle in October.
He succeeded Mangipudi Haragopal, credited with making Infosys' core banking solution a globally recognised product. He quit to start his own company— FinUNO. Reh, who has been head of Finacle for nine weeks, said the company is investing in boosting the delivery side and is also scaling up sales teams across geographies. Mobility will remain the area of focus for Finacle and Infosys is looking to "engage" with a number of startups, Reh said.
"In discussions with my customers, I understand that we have to bring in the latest technology, especially on e-banking and mobile banking, so this is what we will do definitely in the short term," said Reh, declining to give any guidance on revenue. Infosys does not provide figures separately for Finacle.
Over the last three years, revenue from it dropped to $297 million at end of March from $314 million in 2012, estimates advisory firm Nelson Hall.
This was mainly on account of poor demand from banks for next-generation solutions and the company's inability to tap into the large US market, according to one former Infosys executive. Some experts, including those at Nelson Hall and Forrester Research, believe that the entire banking platform market is extremely competitive and some vendors even buy deals, accepting low prices or agreeing to high levels of customization included in not-toohigh a price.
"This makes it easier for a vendor to lose a deal," said Jost Hoppermann , vice president, banking applications and architecture at Forrester. For this reason, he said Infosys needs to embrace "a builtin comprehensive information foundation to support all types of analytics, to cope with today's and future regulatory reporting requirements and to accelerate risk management."
Infosys is looking scale up Finacle by looking at partnerships, increasing its presence in the mobile banking space and adding insurance domain technology.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xiaomi vows to fight HC order to resume Indi...Xiaomi vows to fight High Court order to resume India sales
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 05.00AM IST
Tags:
Delhi High Court
(Hugo Barra, head of international…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi says it will fully comply with the Delhi high Court order asking it to stop sales of its smatphones in the country, Manu Jain , head of the company's India operations, told ET. Xiaomi, the third largest smartphone maker in the world, had earlier suspended the upcoming flash sale of its Red Mi 1S and Red Mi Note smartphones.
"We have not been served the notice till now, but we know about the issue. If the court has asked us not to do it, we won't do it," Jain said referring to the high court order barring Xiaomi from selling, importing or advertising mobile phones in India until February 5, the next date of hearing. "We would want to be 100% compliant with Indian rules and regulations."
The order, which followed telecom equipment maker Ericsson's plea that Xiaomi was infringing on its patents, leaves its future flash sales and business prospects in ambiguity even as the fast growing smartphone maker is trying to work out legally to resolve this issue in a critical market for the company. "We will explore all options including legal options on what can be done. Our lawyers and legal teams are working on it but we don't know how this will proceed.
We will communicate and explain very openly to our users about what the order says, once we get it," Jain added. The Delhi High Court on Tuesday had asked Xiaomi and its exclusive partner Flipkart to stop selling and importing phones in India until February 5 on Ericsson's allegations that Xiaomi infringed eight of its registered standard essential patents.
Hugo Barra , head of international operations at Xiaomi, apologised to enthusiasts on Facebook on Thursday night while informing them about the company's decision to suspend sales. He added however, that the company 'firmly' intends to continue operations in India.
"We have been forced to suspend sales in India until further notice due to an order passed by the Delhi High Court. As a law abiding company, we are investigating the matter carefully and assessing our legal options," Barra said. He added that the company was doing all it can to revert the situation.
Xiaomi is selling Red Mi 1S and Red Mi Note in India via flash sales through e-commerce partner Flipkart.com and has received about 150,000 registrations for the Note. A Flipkart spokesperson said it was yet to receive official communication.
"We will work with Xiaomi and the authorities and cooperate with them wherever required," the spokesperson said. At present, pre-registrations for both devices have been closed and the next flash has been suspended.
As per the court order, seen by ET, the interim injunction effectively bars the company from manufacturing, assembling, importing, selling or advertising, including their third party website, any devices into India.
Both companies have also been asked to furnish details of quantum of devices sold by them till date in India that are 3G, EDGE compliant and the revenue earned from the sales of these devices. Xiaomi's top executives had told ET earlier that they intend to manufacture handsets in India within a couple of years, starting off with assembling devices locally.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Saradha scam: TMC to protest Madan Mitra s arrest todayComments
A day after the  arrest of state minister Madan Mitra  over the Saradha scam, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee hit out against Prime Minister Narendra Modi calling it "political vendetta", while the BJP said she was panicking because of her "involvement."
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
"There are photos of the Prime Minister  with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that the CBI arrest the PM?" Mamata said at a protest rally held in the Maidan area. 
She said Trinamool Congress MPs will protest in Parliament against  the arrest of state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra who is also her close aide.Mitra was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for his alleged role in the multi-crore-rupee chit fund scandal. 
"Stay within your limits or face music," she warned the BJP and the Centre and added "People of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power."
Responding to her charges, the BJP in Delhi said Banerjee is pressing the "panic button" and "rattled" by the possibility that her "own
involvement" could come to light.
 
"Dare does not matter. Sometimes I can say these are politically motivated attempts...If anything which is linking
Mamata Banerjee with the scam, she would be investigated and interrogated by the CBI. It is for CBI to take that call and
not for me to direct the CBI,"BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi told reporters outside Parliament
 
"And it will be determined on the fact of the case and investigating material, which is before the police. I am no one to direct CBI, nor is the BJP. CBI is an autonomous institution," she added.
 
Lekhi said that if Banerjee has done anything wrong or committed any wrong in terms of conspiracy which has happened or if any link is found connecting her with Saradha scam "her dare will go away" because the law would then take its course.
Another party spokesperson G V L Narsimha Rao attacked Banerjee, saying she has "lost all her courage" and was making "adventurous comments" without offering an explanation on the alleged role of her party leaders.
"She is possibly rattled by the revelations and possibly fears that her own involvement in the scam would come to light," he said.
Opposition parties in West Bengal have repeatedly accused the chief minister of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
Meanwhile, West Bengal minister Madan Mitra was sent to CBI custody till Dec 16 by a Kolkata court
Rejecting the bail plea moved by Mitra's lawyers, the chief judicial magistrate's court sent him to four days' custody in connection with the ponzi scandal.
 The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case. 

Xiaomi vows to fight High Court order to resume India salesXiaomi vows to fight High Court order to resume India sales
Industrial production index slumps to 3-year low  jolts recovery hopesIndustrial production index slumps to 3-year low  jolts recovery hopes
Not a new Indica  The new TataMercedes- Benz posts record sales in India during 2014
“Is this the new Indica?” Not my words. This was written all over the faces of curious onlookers when we were driving the soon-to-be-launched Tata Bolt in Udaipur. “This is not the new Indica, this is the new Tata” was my response, when a couple of them inquired.
Why new Tata? Because with the Bolt, and with the Zest launched earlier, Tata Motors hopes to bring about a difference in the way the company is perceived in the Indian market. The Zest, no doubt, was a good product; is the Bolt as good? More importantly, is the Bolt ready to take on the Swift and the Grand i10? Let’s find out.
Exterior
The Bolt resembles the Zest from the front—the elongated headlamps and honeycomb grille give it a stylish appearance. But move to the sides and you will realise it looks a lot like the Indica Vista. A focused look, however, reveals it is not. First, there are two prominent creases that run the length of the car. Then the blackened section around the rear windshield gives the roof a “floating” feel. The small tail-lamps look different and the number plate is placed on the tailgate. While the Bolt is a handsome evolution of the Vista design, we believe the job could have been done better; for example, the blackened section is not an integral panel like the one you find in the Elite i20, but appears to have been done using vinyl.
Interior
Tata cars are known for interior space and the Bolt is no exception. The car can easily accommodate five large-sized adults. While the boot space is decent, rear suspension towers intrude the luggage area. But the Bolt is not just about space, it is about quality. The cabin is nothing like you have seen in a Tata car before (of course, if you have not experienced the Zest). The knobs, the buttons, in fact most controls are precisely placed. Mention must be made of the new steering wheel, which is nice to hold. The cabin is in the league of both the Swift and the Brio, but falls short of the quality levels found in the Grand i10. An area where the Bolt stands out is its Harman-sourced infotainment system. The system, while playing good music, doesn’t have inbuilt navigation, but you can connect it to your smartphone and the maps get displayed on the screen. But then the screen is not as sharp as we would have liked.
On the centre console there are two buttons—one marked “Eco” and the other “Sport”. These are different driving modes of the engine—while in the “Eco” mode the car uses less fuel, and thus has lower acceleration, in the “Sport” mode more fuel is pumped into the engine, resulting in quicker acceleration. When neither of the modes are activated, it runs in the “City” mode—a balance of both.
Ride & handling
Today, 60% of Zest sales are composed of petrol variants; no wonder Tata only gave us only the Bolt petrol to drive—the diesel, anyway, is the tried-and-tested Fiat-sourced engine. The 1.2-litre Revotron turbo-petrol motor is refined. It is quiet, at least at slow speeds, and the way it pulls the car is commendable. Being an Indian car manufacturer, Tata knows the kind of roads the Bolt will be driven on, and has accordingly worked on the suspension. The result: satisfactory ride quality. We drove the Bolt on some rough patches in Udaipur and the car remained composed most times. When we took the car on the highway to Mount Abu, we found its straight-line stability to be good, too. However, cornering at high speeds makes the car go jittery, so it needs to be sweetly wheeled into the corners. The brakes are impressive and the top-of-the-line variant comes with ABS and EBD. While Tata didn’t reveal the top speed the Revotron engine is capable of, we found it easily crosses 140 kmph (in the Sport mode). However, the motor turns noisy at high speeds; add to that the wind noise that seeps into the cabin. It, clearly, is a city hatch. The Bolt, to begin with, won’t be offered with the AMT that we saw in the Zest. Tata hasn’t revealed its  fuel-efficiency figure either.
Verdict
While the Bolt feels robustly put together, its cabin quality is among the best in class and the Revotron motor is refined, for it to successfully challenge the Swift and the Grand i10, Tata has to play the price card well. We believe a starting price of a little over R4 lakh is good value for money for the car. Although changing brand perception will take time—Tata is anyway working towards that by providing customers a better shopping experience and dedicated service—the Bolt announces the arrival of a new Tata. In fact, the Bolt, as we got to know from Tata officials we met during the drive, is just a precursor of things to come from the company.
Post Comments
More from automobiles

How about an Android e-scooter IIT-Madras-incubated Ather Energy making one!android
(The tablet can help the rider…)
CHENNAI: This e-scooter with its Android dashboard is out of the ordinary. IIT-Madras-incubated Ather Energy has developed a first-of-its-kind Android tablet dashboard for an electric scooter it is currently building. The tablet can help the rider with navigation and offer information on power, battery drain, system temperature and how long the scooter can go before the next charge-up. It can help track theft as well.
Posing behind a glass door inside the IIT-Madras Research Park is the fifth iteration. Ather has built this right from the chassis to the motor to the battery packs. It's about the size of any 100cc scooter in the market. The lithium-ion battery packs rest on the floorboard of the vehicle, sending minimal weight to the tyres and cutting "unsprung mass" - a major energy drainer. It is 20% lighter than counterparts and has a storage space that can accommodate two fullsized helmets.
"The idea all along was that it should be futuristic. A Hero will slam us in manufacturing. A TVS will make us vanish with their supply-chain efficiency. So, our bet can only be in design, functionality, and bringing a smart solution to Indian scooters," said Tarun Mehta, the 25-year-old co-founder of Ather Energy who quit Ashok Leyland to start the venture in October last year.
Corporate employment was not for other founder Swapnil Jain either, who had quit General Motors to team up with Mehta and return to their alma mater. Prof Krishna Kumar at IIT-Madras, who drew them into entrepreneurship , gave them the first few lakhs and the space to design their product.
The first prototype, ready in four months, served to help visualise how it looks, and firm up basic specifications such as torque, range, and temperature. Ather focussed on raising system efficiency by optimising the weight. "It took us three iterations to figure out where the battery should go," Mehta said.
About Rs 55 lakh has been spent so far, including investor money from Aerospike founder and IITMadras alumnus Srini V Srinivasan. Big names have just got on board: Sachin and Binny Bansal of Flipkart and Raju Venkatraman of Medall Healthcare have together invested $1 million.
"For me, the biggest return on investment will be the fact that not only do I get to encourage entrepreneurship, I also get to hear new ideas and learn from them at the same time," said Sachin Bansal , co-founder of Flipkart.
The ideas that Bansal is talking about include Internet of Things - the concept of connecting individual devices through wireless communications to draw operational data and control them. The team is trying out sensors to monitor bike parameters and process data on cloud. Each scooter will have its own SIM card for data communications. Ather will validate these ideas in a prototype expected to get ready in three months.
While Internet of Things is not unique in the automotive industry, Ather is the forerunner in bringing it to Indian scooters, said Krishna Kumar, the IIT faculty. The makingand-breaking is not over yet. The prototype currently can attain 75 kmph of speed, has lowcharging time of 1.5 hours against the typical e-scooter's 6-8 hours, and a total charge-up that consumes 2.5 units of electricity. All this is bound to improve before launch, which Mehta says would take another 12-15 months.
The Android dashboard may face issues in shock, heat resistance and periodic update, but an automotive-grade solution can offset some of the challenges. "At Ather, we have spent the last eight months working on the same," Mehta said. "We have initial prototypes which solve a number of these issues and over the next one year, we are confident of testing enough prototypes to bring this to production.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GMM Pfaudler: Intimation of floor price for offer for saleDec 13, 2014, 10.59 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GMM Pfaudler: Intimation of floor price for offer for sale
With reference to the earlier announcement dated December 10, 2014 regarding Notice of for Sale of Shares by Promoter, Pfaudler Inc. has now informed that the Floor Price of the Offer in terms of SEBI OFS circular shall be Rs 182 per equity share of GMM Pfaudler.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GMM Pfaudler: Intimation of floor price for offer for sale
With reference to the earlier announcement dated December 10, 2014 regarding Notice of for Sale of Shares by Promoter, Pfaudler Inc. has now informed that the Floor Price of the Offer in terms of SEBI OFS circular shall be Rs 182 per equity share of GMM Pfaudler.
Post your opinion here
 
With reference to the earlier announcement dated December 10, 2014 regarding Notice of for Sale of Shares by Promoter, Pfaudler Inc. (the "Promoter") ("Seller") has now informed BSE that the Floor Price for the Sale in terms of the SEBI OFS Circular shall be as below :- The Floor Price of the Offer in terms of SEBI OFS circular shall be Rs. 182/- (Rupees One Hundred Eighty Two only) per equity share of GMM Pfaudler Ltd (the "Floor Price").Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Australia vs India 1st Test  Day 5 Score: Kohli  Vijay Supreme as Visitors ShowAustralia vs India 1st Test  Day 5 Score: Kohli  Vijay Supreme as Visitors Show
Google News to shut in Spain over  Google TaxGoogle News to shut in Spain on December 16 over new publishing rights law
Eric Auchard     London   Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 17:06 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Google is closing its news-linking service in Spain next week due to a new legislation under which publishers can charge search engines for using their content.
In a statement, the global Internet search giant said on Thursday the new law makes the Google News service unsustainable and that, "with real sadness", it will remove Spanish publishers from Google News and shut down its service in Spain on December 16.
Publishers in countries from Germany and France to Spain have pushed to pass new national copyright laws that force Google and other web aggregators to pay licensing fees when they publish snippets of their news articles.
These laws require publishers who want their content to continue to show up in Google search results to give the company explicit permission to do so.
Google has responded by requiring publishers to release it from any liability for licensing fees under such laws.
"The new law requires publishers to charge Google News for showing even the smallest snippets of their content - whether they want to charge or not," the company said. Google News shows no advertising and makes no revenue from the service, it noted.
The Spanish law thwarts this move by Google by giving publishers an "inalienable" right to levy such licensing fees. It is set to go into effect in January.
However, in November, Germany's largest publisher, Axel Springer scrapped a bid to block Google under its law after an experiment by VG Media, a consortium of about 200 German publishers, including Springer, caused traffic to online publications to plunge.
(Reuters)

India set to begin uphill climb: Modi hints hard measuresArun Jaitley
("There is a mood of optimism…)
NEW DELHI: Likening his government's first six months in office as a period in which a sickly economy was nursed back to health, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said the real "exercise" would start now in comments interpreted to mean a burst of hard policy-based measures may be imminent.
"A person who is unhealthy cannot derive benefit from exercise. The first six months of this government were focused on making India healthy once again. The exercise would begin now," a government statement quoted Modi as telling a group of 16 US-based economists on Thursday.
His comments come at a time impatience is rising about the government's inability to push through bold reforms that had been widely expected with Modi's ascension to office. Industrialists are already complaining behind closed doors about a lack of boldness in reforms and an absence of radical ideas, which they feel is resulting in a reluctance to commit fresh investments.
In its edition dated Dec 10, ET had reported the deliberations of a closed-door session of Confederation of Indian Industry last Saturday, at which some of India Inc's most prominent voices asked whether the government is doing enough to jumpstart growth, unlock infrastructure and spur fresh investment.
While business leaders conceded that the mood was upbeat, they said a lot more needed to be done for investments to kick in.
Many experts and commentators credit the improvement in several key economic indicators to a steep drop in commodity prices led by oil and some actions of its predecessor rather than what the government has done.
Speaking to the economists, who included globally renowned names such as Martin Feldstein, President emeritus of the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER), former IMF acting Managing Director John Lipsky, Harvard professors Gita Gopinath and Emmanuel Farhi and former World Bank Chief Economist Anne Krueger, Modi said skill development and job creation were the government's top priorities.
"The Prime Minister said there would be a youth-centric focus to all policies of his government, as 65% of India's population is below the age of 35," the statement said.
  Modi also stressed the need to inject technology into government processes and decision-making, saying this would provide the best possible solution to the scourge of corruption.
Modi was assisted during the interaction by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who flagged the various economic policy actions the government has taken so far and its priorities going forward.
"There is a mood of optimism and expectation from the new government, and the process of pragmatic and realistic decision-making was giving results," the statement issued by the Prime Minister's Office reported Jaitley as telling the economists.
It also said that the prime minister spoke of India's federal structure to be viewed as a "development mechanism" rather than just a constitutional arrangement as he reiterated his focus on building what he has called a 'Team India' in partnership with all state chief ministers to spur economic growth.
The PM said the government's focus on infrastructure and 'Digital India' would boost employment opportunities even in the rural areas, and that a key objective of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, opening bank accounts for the poor, has been achieved.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Financiers halt funds on fear of defaults  car sales likely to be hitPrices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: The ban on Internet taxi aggregators following the alleged rape of a woman executive on a Uber cab has made some collateral damage.
Car makers are among the badly hit, at a time when the industry is struggling to emerge from a painful period of falling sales. The aggregators, who have been facilitating drivers to buy cars and become their associates as they fought for market share, have been a contributor to sales for auto companies in recent months.
Auto financiers are another lot hit by the ban. While they expect increasing delinquency rates as the drivers who bought cars on loans may find it hard to pay EMIs with no business after authorities banning Web taxi services. Most of these driver-owners don't have the permit to operate their cars as city taxis either. Companies such as Toyota Financial Services and Shriram Transport Finance have from this week stopped financing commercial vehicles for web taxi companies.
About Rs 100 crore is estimated to be at stake in Delhi alone by auto finance companies with an average loan size of Rs 6 lakh. More than 50,000 drivers across India are associated with Web-based taxi startups such as Uber, Ola, BookMyCab and Taxi For Sure. The exposure of auto finance companies to the Internet taxi segment is over Rs 500 crore.
The aggregators had helped drivers buy cars through partnerships with finance companies and car makers such as Tata Motors, Maruti Suzuki , Toyota, Nissan and Ford .
"We will wait a while before financing loans to cabs associated such companies and let things settle. Delinquency in overall industry is about 5 per cent in commercial vehicles financing, which may go up due to nationwide bans," said Umesh Revankar, chief executive of Shriram Transport Finance, which had funded about 100 cabs with companies such as Uber and OlaCabs.
Motors where drivers could buy cars such Tata Manza at a discount of Rs 1 lakh. Uber had partnered with top lending companies like Shriram Finance, AU Financiers and Toyota Financial Services, which had created vehicle financing schemes with low down payment of as low as Rs 60,000. Uber had also worked out exclusive discounts on vehicles with companies such as Mahindra, Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors, and Toyota. Taxi For Sure had partnered with Tata Nano and had launched a taxi service with 100 Nano cars in Bangalore this month.
"We have stopped all arrangements with these operators with immediate effect. We are waiting for a clear signal from the state authorities before we revive such partnerships," a senior executive of Toyota Kirloskar Motor said on condition of anonymity. Toyota was selling its Etios sedan and the Innova utility vehicle to drivers attached with Web-based taxi application companies. "It was a small chunk of our commercial operations. But it was steadily growing in terms of percentage."
OlaCabs has more than 40,000 drivers associated with it and helped hundreds of drivers procure cars at attractive discounts of up to Rs 1 lakh. "The ban will impact drivers. We are working with authorities in all state governments to ensure we are compliant at all fronts," said Anand Subramanian , director -marketing, Olacabs.

We are willing to go beyond prescribed standards: OlacabsBengaluru
(For instance, post the meeting…)
In his first ever interview after several state governments led by Delhi have banned taxi-app companies across the country, Bhavish Aggarwal co-founder of Olacabs, India's largest taxi-app aggregator, tells ET that his company was proactively getting GPS devices fitted in all cars on its network and had also initiated thorough background verification checks for all its drivers.
Are you engaging with the government? How are the discussions going?
We've had meetings in many cities with authorities; we are working with them to ensure that the proposed new guidelines and standards are followed by all driver partners. For instance, post the meeting with the Transport Commissioner in Bengaluru , we have started working on the list of guidelines shared by them.
What steps are you taking to ensure you can continue operations?
In the light of the recent incident in Delhi, we are working on creating an additional layer of tracking in all cabs on the platform. We are proactively getting GPS devices fitted in every car in addition to the phone- based GPS device we already have. We have also initiated thorough background verification checks for every driver on the platform and areworking with local police authorities to complete this at the earliest.
What are the top three priorities for Ola right now?
We have over 50,000 drivers on our platform, (many) have moved from owning just one to many cars. The impact that is created with driver entrepreneurship at this scale is phenomenal. Safety is also paramount to us, apart from an in-app for customers to share ride details well in advance, we track their ride, there is driver training as well as verification of documents. We see that convenience is important even in smaller tier 2 and tier 3 cities where we operate.
The ban order on taxi-apps in Delhi and other states say that point- to- point drops in cities are allowed only for radio taxis. How many of Ola's drivers have a radio-taxi licence?
There are two types of license regimes on taxis in India - radio taxis and tourist permit taxis. We aggregate tourist permit taxis which are duly licensed by the government and they are allowed to ply anywhere in the city, state or country as their permit allows them to.
(Edited excerpts of an email interview with Aditi Shrivastava)
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi to Vladimir Putin: Russia key defence partnerDefence
(India declared that the…)
NEW DELHI: Extending a hand of friendship amid mounting Western pressure on Moscow, PM Narendra Modi asserted on Thursday that Russia remains "our most important defence partner". The two countries decided that Russia will manufacture advanced military helicopters in India and set up 12 new nuclear reactors by 2035 to meet growing energy demand.
India declared that the strategic partnership with Russia was "incomparable", making it clear that it will not be a party to sanctions against the country by Western countries over the annexation of Crimea. The two sides signed 20 agreements across sectors ranging from defence, nuclear energy and hydrocarbons and announced a 'Druzhba-Dosti' vision statement for the next decade to revitalise ties. Modi said the two countries have "a friendship of unmatched mutual confidence, trust and goodwill".
The Strategic Vision for Strengthening Cooperation in Peaceful Uses of Atomic Energy that was signed following the talks envisages a roadmap of bilateral cooperation for the next two decades. This includes not less than a dozen new reactors in the next 20 years. "Towards this objective, the Indian side agrees to expeditiously identify a second site, in a d d i t i o n t o Kudankulam, for the construction of the Russian-designed nuclear power units in India," according to the strategic vision document, which also envisages joint nuclear research. Modi set the ball rolling earlier on Thursday morning by tweets in Russian to welcome Putin to India. Later he spoke about the uniqueness of the relationship.
"The character of global politics and international relations is changing. However, the importance of this relationship and its unique place in India's foreign policy will not change. In many ways, its significance to both countries will grow further in the future," Modi said even as he suggested sensitivity towards each other's interests in oblique reference to Moscow's defence pact with Islamabad.
Besides energy, defence ties expectedly dominated the 15th India-Russia annual summit as the two sides discussed a broad range of new projects. Supporting India's quest for self-reliance in defence, Russia offered to fully manufacture in India one of its most advanced helicopters. It includes the possibility of exports from India and can be used for both military and civilian use. "We will follow up on this quickly," Modi told the media. It has been learnt that this could be the KA 226 helicopter. Modi also said Putin had responded positively to a proposal to locate manufacturing facilities in India for spares and components for Russian defence equipment for the country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Russia offers to fully  Make in India  one of its most advanced helicoptershelicopters
(Modi also proposed that…)
NEW DELHI: In a major boost to India's defence sector, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in a joint statement with Vladimir Putin a on Thursday said that Russia has offered to fully manufacture in India one of its most advanced helicopters .
"Russia has been India's foremost defence partner through decades. Even as India's options have increased today, Russia will remain our most important defence partner," PM Modi said. "We have conducted joint exercises across all three wings of the Armed Forces in the last six months," he added.
Modi said that he discussed a broad range of new defence projects with Putin. "I am pleased that Russia has offered to fully manufacture in India one of its most advanced helicopters. It includes the possibility of exports from India. It can be used for both military and civilian use. We will follow up on this quickly," Modi said. "We also discussed how to align our defence relations to India's own priorities, including Make in India," he added.
PM:When PM Vajpayee held Moscow Summit in 2001 I was there 2 sign sister-state agreement between Gujarat & Astrakhan pic.twitter.com/feBayTa7UA
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) December 11, 2014
Modi also proposed that Russia should locate manufacturing facilities in India for spares and components for Russian defence equipment in India.
Noting that Russia has been India's foremost defence partner through decades, Modi said his first visit outside Delhi as Prime Minister was to new aircraft carrier, INS Vikramaditya - a ship bought from Russia.
"It sails our seas as a great symbol of our defence cooperation. Even as India's options have increased today, Russia will remain our most important defence partner," Modi said in his statement to the media after holding meeting with Putin.
In yet another major announcement, Russia has agreed to supply nuclear reactors to India. "Today, we have outlined an ambitious vision for nuclear energy of at least ten more reactors. It will have the highest standards of safety in the world. It will also include manufacture of equipment and components in India. This also supports our Make in India policy," Modi said.
"Energy security is critical for India's economic development and creating jobs for our youth. Russia is also a key partner in this area," he said. "I am pleased that the first unit of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant is on stream. It has added 20% to the existing capacity for nuclear power in India. We are on course for installing the next three units of 1000 MW each," Modi added.
Modi said, "The steadfast support of the people of Russia for India has been there even at difficult moments in our history. It has been a pillar of strength for India's development, security and international relations. India, too, has always stood with Russia through its own challenges."
"The character of global politics and international relations is changing. However, the importance of this relationship and its unique place in India's foreign policy will not change. In many ways, its significance to both countries will grow further in the future," he added.
In a joint statement released post Putin-Modi meeting, the two leaders said defence cooperation between India and Russia is founded on deep mutual trust and promotes wider peace and security.
"The two countries have already moved to a phase of joint design and development of defence systems. The sides recognize the virtually unlimited opportunities for enhancing this cooperation," the statement said.
(With inputs from PTI)

Five valuable leadership lessons from startup foundersYou are here: Home > Collections > Entrepreneurs
Five valuable leadership lessons from startup founders
T V Mahalingam & Rajiv Singh, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 10.10AM IST
Tags:
BigBasket.com
(Here are five stories from…)
Startups are the new leadership schools. As they spawn new business models, these upstarts are redefining the way things are done. Here are five stories from five entrepreneurs that hold lessons for aspiring entrepreneurs, established companies — and life.
Lesson 1: "If you chase passion, money will follow"
Vivek Prabhakar CEO & Co-founder, Chumbak, a design-led products company
Back in 2009, when Vivek Prabhakar and his wife Shubhra Chadda, decided to strike out on their own after decade long corporate careers, they ran into an obstacle most first-time entrepreneurs face: money, or the lack of it. Both Vivek & Shubhra are army brats.
Prabhakar's father served in the Indian Navy while Chadda's father was an air force pilot. "Given our backgrounds, we did not have the capital to start our venture. And it was too early to approach venture capitalists," recalls Prabhakar.
The husband-wife team had an idea of creating a company that would sell funky design led products like fridge magnets, designer phone cases and other zany curios. For the better part of a year, they had researched on the kind of products they would want to sell, how they would promote them and in which stores they would sell them in.
There were no market surveys, no retail dipstick studies. "All we had was a gut feeling that there was a space for the products we were so passionate about creating," recalls Prabhakar, who was then the father of a two-year old child.
The couple had a "15-minute discussion" after which they decided to sell their apartment in Bangalore to raise money. The apartment fetched them Rs 40 lakh and the duo started negotiating with manufacturers in India and China. Chumbak launched on the web in April 2010.
Within a year, sales had crossed Rs 2 crore. Last June 2013, the company launched its first store in Bangalore. Today, Chumbak has 35 stores in 10 locations across the country and revenues are growing at 300 per cent. "We have never done a market survey till date. We have let our gut and passion guide us. If you chase passion, money will follow," Prabhakar told ET Corporate Dossier.
It's a philosophy that guides the startup's hiring philosophy as well. "One question I ask potential hires is: what do you do beyond work? We all have a life beyond work and your passions often lie there. If your passion is just work, we don't end up hiring that person," says Prabhakar, who bought "a better, nicer apartment" two years ago.
Lesson 2: "If you are going to fail, don't be afraid of failing spectacularly"
Ambareesh Murty CEO & Co-founder, Pepperfry, a furniture e-tailer
In September 2011, Ambareesh Murty was on a flight to Goa drafting an email which he intended to send to his wife. It was an email explaining to her that Pepperfry, the furniture e-tailing venture he had co-founded six months ago was about to run out of money.
"In fact, we were down to our last Rs 10 lakh. Ashish (Pepperfry co-founder) and I had dug into our personal savings, our mutual funds and it had all burned through pretty quickly," says Murty, who had quit his job as Country Manager of eBay India to found Pepperfry.
Ashish Shah, too, had quit his job as head of eBay Motors India. "We had commitments, in terms of investment term sheets from investors, but actual investments were yet to come," says Murty. The six month old startup was also facing a crucial HR conundrum: most parts of its operations were working in silos.
For example, the folks who crafted furniture were based in Jodhpur and had little idea about how the internet worked. The employees in the Delhi office who understood retailing did not understand the nuts and bolts of the furniture business. The company's HQ in Mumbai had ecommerce experts who knew little about retailing or the furniture business.
As result, communication was down. And money was running out. "Ashish and I had a chat and decided that if this wasn't going to work, let's at least fail spectacularly," recalls Murty. "So we decided to spend most of our last Rs 10 lakh on an offsite in Goa."
In the end, it was money well spent. "People got to know each other and understand how other parts of the business worked. Almost overnight, communication improved," says Murty, who sees that offsite — which 150 people, including suppliers, attended — as a turning point in the company's fortunes.
In the end, he did not send that email and Pepperfry is eyeing revenues of Rs 400 crore by the end of 2014.
  Lesson 3: "Jot down your intent for everybody to see"
Neeraj Kakkar CEO & Co-founder, Hector Beverages, maker of Paper Boat beverages
What's the one street food that people associate Mumbai with? Vada Pav. If Mumbai had a quintessential drink, it would be Kala Khatta, a tangy concoction made from jamuns.

Chennai emerges as the new hub of enterprise software startups like ZohoChennai emerges as the new hub of enterprise software startups like Zoho
Krithika Krishnamurthy & Bharani Vaitheesvaran, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 05.56AM IST
Tags:
Ashwin Ramasamy
(Being an early adopter of…)
Chennai may still be a few paces behind Bengaluru in the startup race, but the Tamil Nadu capital has seen a consistent streak of success on ventures offering software products for businesses. For these startups that offer software as a service (SaaS) online - or on the cloud - the inspiration has come from local heroes such as Zoho and Sify. Freshdesk, Unmetric, OrangeScape, HappyFox, ChargeBee, and Indix are among a clutch of new-age product companies that have sprouted over the past few years in the city synonymous with IT services.
It all harks back to a period around 2005, when fledgling entrepreneurs hung around startup discussion groups to receive mentorship and bounce off ideas, and Zoho Corp, a two-decade-old company, had begun offering enterprise software online. Being an early adopter of Salesforce's cloud storage systems, Zoho saw value and focused on delivering products on the cloud.
"We were one of the early movers in the SaaS space," said Shailesh Kumar Davey, who founded the company along with IIT alumnus Sridhar Vembu in 1996. And from it came a host of entrepreneurs who have been instrumental in making Chennai the hub of SaaS companies.
"Today, Freshdesk is what it is because of Girish's learning curve at Zoho," says Vijay Anand, who runs The Startup Centre, a Chennaibased startup accelerator. Girish Mathrubootham, a former Zoho vice-president for product management, set up customer-support software company Freshdesk in 2010. Today, it boasts of a 30,000-strong clientele, including Cisco, Sony Pics, Petronas, 3M as well as startups across healthcare, education, media, and technology sectors.
"Traditional customer-support tools were not ready to support social conversations," said Mathrubootham, Freshdesk's chief executive. "That is the opportunity we saw."
One of the advantages for Chennai is the availability of talent. By mining 300 million member profiles, LinkedIn concluded in a study in June that the city was attracting 38 per cent of new tech talent, much higher than the Silicon Valley, which stood at 31 per cent, though behind Bengaluru (44 per cent), Pune and Hyderabad (43 per cent each).
Chennai has seen as many as 19 private-equity and venture-capital investments since 2004 - only Bengaluru and Mumbai have got more, according to research firm Venture Intelligence. But most of the new entrepreneurs are building technology for enterprises, not so much for consumers.
"I rarely meet companies that say they want to be the next Facebook or Google. And that's not a bad thing," said Anand. According to Krish Subramanian, CEO of online billing platform ChargeBee, the culture of the city is such that its people tend to align themselves with what they know best. "Most of the (startup) entrepreneurs are experienced professionals in the age group of 30-40." Even those who start off with a consumer angle eventually shift to a business-to-business model, like Konotor cofounder Srikishnan Ganesan.
When Ganesan brought out his voice messaging app Phonon in February last year, there was a lot of noise around similar rollouts from WeChat, LINE and Facebook. "We got drowned out," he said, gesturing with his hands to mean the app was pulled out of Google Play Store.
 
Now, the IIM-Bangalore graduate offers a platform to businesses to talk to their audiences - a climb-back from B2C to B2B. Konotor, the new app, is live with customer-facing businesses such as online grocery BigBasket. And given the high concentration of enterprise startups in the area, there is more than just tech talent in abundance. "There is a fair bit of sales talent that specialises in selling to enterprises," said Ashwin Ramasamy, 34, CEO of ContractIQ, which connects software companies with outsourcing firms. But ChargeBee's Subramanian, whose three-year-old company has over 500 customers across 42 countries, said the city has yet to catch up on design talent, probably a reason why many consumer-facing businesses have not taken off. Investors seem to understand it, while established companies are leveraging the expertise the city offers.
"There is definitely a certain amount of DNA and talent with respect to developing software products," said Sateesh Andra, managing partner at Ventureast.
"There is a reason why big companies such as TCS and Cognizant have their enterprise work done from Chennai," said Anand of The Startup Centre.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IIT-Madras-incubated Ather Energy readying futuristic e-scooter(The first prototype served to help visualise how it looks, and firm up basic specifications such as torque, range, and temperature. 
Picture for representational purpose only.)
This e-scooter with its Android dashboard is out of the ordinary. IIT-Madras-incubated Ather Energy has developed a first-of-its-kind Android tablet dashboard for an electric scooter its building. The tablet can help the rider with navigation and offer information on power, battery drain, system temperature and how long the scooter can go before the next charge-up. It can help track theft as well. Posing behind a glass door inside the IIT-Madras Research Park is the fifth iteration. Ather has built this right from the chassis to the motor to the battery packs. It's about the size of any 100cc scooter in the market. The lithiumion battery packs rest on the floorboard of the vehicle, sending minimal weight to the tyres and cutting "unsprung mass", a major energy drainer. It is 20 per cent lighter than counterparts and has a storage space that can accommodate two full-size helmets.
"The idea all along was that it should be futuristic. A Hero will slam us in manufacturing. A TVS will make us vanish with their supply-chain efficiency. So, our bet can only be in design, functionality and bringing a smart solution to Indian scooters," said Tarun Mehta, the 25 year-old co-founder of Ather Energy who quit Ashok Leyland to start the venture in October last year.
Corporate employment was not for the other founder Swapnil Jain either, who had quit General Motors to team up with Mehta and return to their alma mater. Prof Krishna Kumar at IIT-Madras, who drew them into entrepreneurship, gave them the first few lakhs and the space to design their product.
The first prototype, ready in four months, served to help visualise how it looks, and firm up basic specifications such as torque, range, and temperature. Ather focussed on raising system efficiency by optimising the weight. "It took us three iterations to figure out where the battery should go," Mehta said.
About Rs 55 lakh has been spent so far, including investor money from Aerospike founder and IIT-Madras alumnus Srini V Srinivasan. Big names have just got on board: Sachin and Binny Bansal of Flipkart and Raju Venkatraman of Medall Healthcare have together invested $1 million. "For me, the biggest return on investment will be the fact that not only do I get to encourage entrepreneurship, but also get to hear new ideas and learn from them at the same time," said Sachin Bansal, co-founder of Flipkart.
 
The ideas that Bansal is talking about include Internet of Things -- the concept of connecting individual devices through wireless communications to draw operational data and control them. The team is trying out sensors to monitor bike parameters and process data on the cloud.
Each scooter will have its own SIM card for data communications. Ather will validate these ideas in a prototype expected to get ready in three months.
While Internet of Things is not unique in the automotive industry, Ather is a forerunner in bringing it to Indian scooters, said Krishna Kumar, the IIT faculty. The making-and breaking is not over yet.The prototype currently can attain 75 kmph of speed, has low-charging time of 1.5 hours against the typical e-scooter's 6-8 hours, and a total chargeup that consumes 2.5 units of electricity. All this is bound to improve before launch, which Mehta says would take another 12-15 months.
The Android dashboard may face issues in shock, heat resistance and periodic update, but an automotive-grade solution can offset some of the challenges."At Ather we have spent the last eight months working on the same," Mehta said.
"We have initial prototypes which solve a number of these is sues and over the next one year we are confident of testing enough prototypes to bring this to pro duction. In fact, a key part of this fund ing will be used for this specific technology development."
FEATURED ARTICLES

US  troubled  that Crimean leader in India with PutinUS 'troubled' that Crimean leader in India with Putin
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 01.16AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Moscow was long India's…)
NEW DELHI: The leader of Crimea, the former Ukrainian territory annexed by Russia, visited India on Thursday as a member of President Vladimir Putin's annual summit delegation, and the United States said it found the reports troubling.
India does not back Western sanctions against Russia, but the unofficial trip by Sergey Aksyonov could spoil the mood before Prime Minister Narendra Modi hosts US President Barack Obama for India's Republic Day festivities in January.
State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the United States was "troubled" by reports that Aksyonov may have been part of Putin's delegation and was seeking more information.
"We understand that the Indian Ministry of External Affairs have said they were not officially aware of his visit or his participation in the delegation ... We are seeking further clarification on that."
Psaki also referred to reports of new nuclear and defence deals between India and Russia and reiterated Washington's view that it was "not time for business as usual with Russia".
Aksyonov arrived at the upscale Oberoi hotel in New Delhi accompanied by Russian diplomats to be greeted by Gul Kripalani, a Mumbai-based seafood merchant who wants to boost trade with Russia.
Speaking to reporters after signing a memorandum of understanding to promote business, Aksyonov said his visit had "a private character" and he did not take apart in any official events.
He tweeted separately, however, that he had come to India as "a member of the delegation under the leadership of the president of the Russian federation, Vladimir Putin ".
The towering 42-year-old, previously an obscure nationalist politician, was elected in a closed session of the regional parliament after Russian forces in February took control of the Crimean peninsula in a bloodless operation.
He masterminded a quickfire referendum to join Russia that was recognised by Moscow. Kiev and the West say it was rigged.
It was clear that his visit enjoyed Russia's full diplomatic backing, with the consul general to Mumbai and an aide to Ambassador Alexander Kadakin present at the meeting and lunch with businessmen.
No Indian officials were present.
CRIMEAN COMMOTION
News of the event leaked out on Wednesday when the Russian embassy invited reporters to a signing ceremony only to cancel late in the evening.
A spokesman for India's Ministry of External Affairs said he was not officially aware of the Crimean visit. It is highly unlikely, however, that such an event would have taken place without New Delhi being in the loop.
Modi, addressing a joint news conference after meeting Putin, emphasised India's deep security ties with Russia. Moscow was long India's top arms supplier until the United States, which is keen to forge closer ties with New Delhi, took top spot recently.
"Even if India's options have increased, Russia remains our most important defence partner," Modi told reporters. No potentially awkward questions were allowed at the tightly stage-managed event held at an old princely palace.
India, which observes a policy of non-intervention, has refrained from criticising Moscow's takeover of Crimea and support for an uprising in eastern Ukraine that has killed more than 4,300 people since April.
Kripalani, who said his Pijikay Group has annual turnover of about 150 million euros ($190 million), signed the memorandum on behalf of the India-Crimean Partnership - a previously unknown group that he said represented five businesses.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber vows to improve driver verification processUber vows to improve driver verification; PM Narendra Modi seeks information on ban
Ruchika Chitravanshi & K R Balasurbramanyam, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(It has also emerged that…)
NEW DELHI | BENGALURU: Karnataka, the state where Uber started its Indian operations, and Andhra Pradesh, became the latest states to join a juggernaut of bans on the Internet-based taxi aggregator, even as the San Francisco-based company issued a contrite statement pledging improvement in its driver verification process.
Transport authorities in Maharashtra, however, appeared to backtrack on a 'ban' which was announced on Wednesday with the state's Transport Secretary SK Sharma saying the state was collecting information on web-based aggregators such as Uber and Ola, adding they were not banned. He, however, pointed out that the firms had started services without permission. Karnataka Transport Commissioner Rame Gowda spoke in a similar vein, saying eight taxi operators, including Ola, were authorised to operate in Bengaluru. Uber was not among them. Gowda said any taxi operator or aggregator would have to register with transport authorities if it wished to continue offering services.
It has also emerged that the country's highest political authorities are engaged with the problems besetting web-based taxi services.
At a meeting on Tuesday evening, Prime Minister Narendra Modi sought information on how the decision to ban Uber came to be taken, a senior official privy to the discussions told ET.
Senior BJP leaders including Nitin Gadkari, road transport minister and Rajnath Singh, home minister, were present in the meeting which was previously scheduled and had been called to discuss changes in the Motor Vehicles Act.
Modi was informed that the decision was taken since local BJP leaders, who were nervous about the impact of Uber incident on the upcoming Delhi elections, wanted immediate action to be taken. Responding to their demands, Singh asked Lieutenant-Governor Najeeb Jung to impose a ban on Uber and other taxi service apps, said the people familiar with the discussions
The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) did not respond to questions seeking comment on the meeting.
Modi, while taking cognisance of Gadkari's remark earlier that day that a ban was not an appropriate response, asked the transport minister to come up with steps to avoid such incidents. "New developments are taking place in transport systems through electronics. Banning the railways for train accidents, buses for bus accidents and taxis is not correct," Gadkari had told reporters outside Parliament House on Tuesday.
  The PM also asked Gadkari about provisions for "radio taxis" - a term used to refer to service providers like Meru or EasyCabs that connect customers to cans through a call centre - in the proposed act. He was told that there is a separate provision for radio taxis that brings them under the purview of the law. The road transport ministry is also attempting to create a legal framework for "aggregators" like Uber and Ola cabs which do not own their own fleet but run taxi services.
The new act would have guidelines for the states to adopt to deal with such service providers. The new version of the Motor Vehicles Act is expected to be soon discussed in the cabinet as the government is planning to introduce the bill in the winter session.
The Prime Minister did not comment on the decision taken by Singh to put a blanket ban on taxi apps.
The ban on the tax-hailing apps comes at a time when Modi's vision of creating a 'Digital India' is a major priority for the government.
In the statement issued on Thursday, Uber said the "events of this week have made us reflect on our operations in India and we are immediately undertaking a number of important actions." Confirming the suspension of operations in New Delhi, it said it was carrying out "a full audit of our verification, rider feedback and support processes".
"Second, we are assessing all driver screening processes. We are evaluating additional screening options to include background checks on all our driver partners in India above and beyond what is currently required. Third, we will also bring in our global best practices where it would enhance our India safety efforts," Uber went on to say.
(With inputs from Mumbai and Hyderabad bureaus)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Expanding Internet access would do more good than tackling HIV: Study38
2
Geneva: Dramatically expanding broadband access would boost the global economy and could do more good than investing in HIV prevention or clean drinking water, according to a study published Thursday.
Economists commissioned by think-tank Copenhagen Consensus Centre calculated that tripling access to mobile broadband networks in developing countries by 2030 would boost economic growth by $22 trillion.
"There's a well-established increase in GDP growth if you have more broadband, and it doesn't take very much of a higher growth rate to make a huge difference in people's lives," the head of the think-tank Bjorn Lomborg told AFP.
Dramatically expanding broadband access would boost the global economy and could do more good than investing in HIV prevention or clean drinking water, says a study.
#internet #boardband #gdp #hiv prevention
Estimating that it will cost about $1.3 trillion to go from 21 per cent coverage today to 60 per cent coverage by 2030, bringing some three billion more people online, the study found the investment could rake in $17 worth of benefit for every dollar spent.
Tripling fixed broadband coverage worldwide from 10 to 30 per cent, or in the developing world from six to 20 per cent during the same timeframe, would meanwhile reap $21 in benefits for each dollar spent, the study found.
The study is part of a broader project in which a network of more than 100 economists are analysing the costs and benefits of a range of proposed global targets under discussion.
Surprisingly, the analysis showed that from a purely economic perspective, hiking access to broadband was "phenomenally better than a lot of other proposals," Lomborg said.
Some of the most obvious targets do fare better, with every dollar spent alleviating childhood malnutrition for instance expected to do $45 of good, according to earlier studies.
But others do not stand up to the benefits of broadband expansion, with investments in clean water and sanitation seen bringing benefits of between $3-5 per dollar spent, Lomborg said.
Investing in HIV treatment would meanwhile only do $2.50 of good for every dollar spent, while initiatives to preserve forests in protected land would cost more than the benefits created, he said.
Calculating the benefits of proposed development initiatives based purely on economic gain can appear cold, Lomborg acknowledged.
But with an almost eternal list of noble causes, he insisted on the importance of knowing the cost and benefits of projects when trying to choose which to invest in first.
Just because an initiative doesn't top the list of dollars gained does not mean it shouldn't be invested in for other reasons, he said.
7

FM Arun Jaitley says GDP to rise 6-6.5 per cent in FY16Finance Minister Arun Jaitley says GDP to rise 6-6.5 per cent in FY16
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 17:32 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, committing to push growth rate to 6-6.5 per cent in the 2015-16 financial year, on Friday said the government was working overtime to push reforms, especially, in sectors like insurance, coal and the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
"We are working overtime on reforms... Insurance Bill will be taken up next week," Jaitley said while speaking at a programme organised by India Today Group-owned television channel Aaj Tak.
The finance minister further said that he sat late on Thursday evening with State FMs to sort out the issues hampering the roll-out of the long-pending GST .
"I will try to introduce the Constitution Amendment Bill for GST in the current session of Parliament so that it could be discussed and considered in the next session," Jaitley said, adding the Bill to clear mess in the coal during UPA regime was being taken up by Parliament.
The government, he said, was hopeful of achieving an economic growth rate of 6-6.5 per cent in FY16 and over 7 per cent thereafter.
Refuting the criticism that government had not taken any big-ticket reform measures in the last six months, Jaitley said, they are not about sensationalising things the big picture should be considered.
The minister added that Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the important decision of abolishing the Planning Commission, an institution which became irrelevant after the introduction of the economic reforms in 1991.
Jaitley further said the government deregulated diesel and would take more steps to streamline public expenditure and rationalise subsidies after receiving the report of the Expenditure Commission.

RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan s word of caution on  Make in India  campaignIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan today sounded a word of caution about the new government’s ‘Make in India’ campaign that assumes an export-led growth path of China and said instead it should be ‘Make for India’ that will produce for the internal market.
He also pitched strongly for some budgetary incentives for household savings that could help ensure that country’s investment is largely financed from domestic savings.
Domestic demand has to be financed responsibly as far as possible through domestic savings, he added.
Delivering the Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture on “Make in India, Largely for India”, Rajan commended the government’s aim of making more in India for which access to finance should be made easier.
“There is a danger when we discuss ‘Make in India’ of assuming it means a focus on manufacturing, an attempt to follow the export-led growth path that China followed. I don’t think such a specific focus is intended,” he said.
The Governor’s remarks assume significance in the context of the campaign of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who had an announced an ambitious ‘Make in India’ programme in his Independence Day speech.
The governor said that the world as a whole is unlikely to be able to accommodate another export-led China. Industrial countries themselves have been improving capital intensive flexible manufacturing, so much so that some manufacturing activity is being “re-shored”. Any emerging market wanting to export manufacturing good will have to contend with this new phenomenon.
India would also have to contend with China when it pushes into manufacturing exports.
“I am not advocating export pessimism here– India has been extremely successful at carving out its own areas of comparative advantage, and will continue to do so.
“I am counselling against an export-led strategy that involves subsidising exporters with cheap inputs as well as an undervalued exchange rate, simply because it is unlikely to be as effective at this juncture”, he said.
Rajan said that he was also cautioning against picking a particular sector such as manufacturing for encouragement, simply because it has worked well for China.
“India is different, and developing at a different time, and we should be agnostic about what will work,” he said.
RBI Governor said that instead of subsidising specific industries because they are deemed important or labour intensive, the public goods each sector needs should be figured out.
He said the second possible misunderstanding was to see ‘Make in India’ as a strategy of import substitution through tariff barriers, a strategy that had not worked because it ended up reducing domestic competition, made producers inefficient and increasing cost to consumers.
Elaborating on the ‘Made for India’ concept, Rajan said if external demand growth was likely to be muted then India has to produce for the internal market.
“This means we have to work on creating the strongest sustainable unified market we can, which requires a reduction in the transactions costs of buying and selling throughout the country.
“A well designed GST bill by reducing state border taxes, will have the important consequence of creating a truly national market of goods and services which will be critical for our growth in the years to come,” he said.
Domestic demand has to be financed responsibly as far as possible through domestic savings. “Our banking system is undergoing some stress. Our banks have to learn from past mistakes in project evaluation and structuring as they finance the immense needs of the economy,” he said.
The RBI Governor said the system has to work on spreading financial services to the excluded because once they learn how to manage finances and save they can be relied upon to borrow responsibly.
“The income tax benefits for an individual to save have been largely fixed in nominal terms till the recent budget, which means the real value of the benefits have eroded. Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure that the country’s investment is largely financed from domestic savings,” he said.
The Governor also argued for ensuring transparency and stability in the economy saying a sound fiscal framework around a clear fiscal consolidation path is critical. On the monetary side, a central bank focused primarily on keeping inflation low and stable will ensure the best conditions for growth.
“In reacting to developments, however, the central bank has to recognise that emerging markets are not as resilient as industrial economies.
“So the path of disinflation cannot be as steep as in an industrial economy because an emerging market is more fragile, and people’s buffer and safety nets thinner…Going forward we will discuss an appropriate timeline with the government in which the economy should move to the centre of the medium term inflation band of 2 to 6 per cent,” he said.
In addition to inflation, he said the central bank has to pay attention to financial stability. Referring to the Current Account Deficit (CAD) and said the best for of financing is long term equity that is Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) which has the additional benefit of bringing in new technologies and methods.
“While we should not be railroaded into compromising India’s interest to attract FDI — for example, the requirements to patent a medicine from India are perfectly reasonable, no matter what the international drug companies say — we should ensure policies are transparent and redress quick,” he said.
Post Comments
More from economy

Vinod Khosla meets Naidu; evinces interest inStart-upVillageVinod Khosla meets Naidu; evinces interest in Start-up Village 
V. Rishi Kumar
Vinod Khosla, Venture Capitalist. (file photo)
Hyderabad, December 12:  
Venture Capitalist Vinod Khosla met Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu today and expressed interest in Start-up Village planned for IT incubation and to partner in an education initiative.
During his meeting with the Chief Minister, Khosla said that his team and the AP Government are exploring opportunities to work on an eMunicipality Application. The state government is also working with Kholsa Labs for innovative applications on the ePOS devices for fair price shops.
They also discussed about the possibility of face-to-face mentoring sessions at AP’s Startup Village and also guide the government in curriculum for leadership academy, an initiative under the Start-up Village.
Khosla also evinced interest in getting AP government to collaborate with CK-12 Foundation, a California-based non-profit organisation whose stated mission is to reduce the cost of and increase access to K-12 education. For this, the CK-12 Foundation will design education courses/curriculum by working with AP government, according to a statement from the Chief Minister’s Office.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Govt to get fiscal boost of USD 12 bn from oil price fallGovt to get fiscal boost of US $12 billion from oil price slump
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 20:29 IST
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley (Photo: Agencies)
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley could reap a fiscal windfall of at least US $12 billion when he presents his 2015/16 budget in February with a plunge of nearly half in oil prices, two government sources told Reuters.
The savings would come in the form of reduced fuel subsidy costs and higher excise duties on petrol and diesel, the sources said. In addition, finance ministry officials have proposed restoring an import duty on crude oil that was scrapped in 2011.
As a result, the government would claw back most of the money that the country saves on oil imports, which would help Jaitley hit borrowing targets but dilute any boost to consumption in the domestic economy.
The energy-hungry country imports around 4 million barrels of oil per day and the net cost of oil imports, based on a budgeted oil price of US $105 per barrel, is expected to total US $88 billion in the financial year to March 31, 2016.
Officials drawing up the finance minister's first full-year Budget are pencilling in a view that oil prices will average US $65-US $70 in the 2015-16 fiscal, cutting the national import bill by US $18 billion (or 0.9 per cent of GDP), they reckon.
"Benefits from the fall in oil prices would reflect in the budget through lower oil subsidies and higher tax projections next year," a senior finance ministry official told Reuters.
The sources estimate that the overall fiscal boost can total Rs 75,000 crore (US $12 billion), of which more than half, Rs 40,000 crore, would come from savings on oil subsidies.
TAX AND DON'T SPEND
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who came to power in May with a landslide election victory, has deregulated the price of diesel, which account for 40 per cent of consumption of refined fuels.
Taking advantage of the resulting fall in pump prices, The Modi-led government has raised excise duties on petrol and diesel twice in November. That means state coffers, and not drivers, will benefit to the tune of US $1.6 billion in the ongoing financial year and nearly US $5 billion in FY16.
A revival in the profitability of state-owned oil refiners like Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL) and Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) could generate another US $1 billion in additional revenues.
Further, ministry officials recommend restoring the old 5 per cent crude oil import duty in full. This would require the prime minister's approval, and if implemented could raise up to US $4 billion more revenue, lifting total potential fiscal gains to over US $16 billion.
"A proposal to impose import duty on crude oil is under consideration," said another finance ministry source. "The final decision could be announced in the budget," he added.
Both sources requested anonymity, because they were not authorised to speak to the press on the record.
Jaitley is struggling to hit te government's fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product in FY15. The finance minister wants to cut it to 3.6 per cent in 2015-16, and 3 per cent in the 2016-17 fiscal.
BUDGET BAILOUT
Fiscal constraints leave little over for the wider economy, with consumers still cautious about their prospects and concerned that recent falls in inflation will be only temporary.
Although the price of diesel, used by truckers and farmers, has fallen by 6 percent in the past five months, drivers in te country are now paying more to fill up than in the United States.
"The boost to household consumption is likely to be small," said Shilan Shah, India Economist at Capital Economics in London, adding, "The government has been able to take advantage of the windfall."
By Shah's reckoning, the oil windfall could help cut the budget deficit by 0.5 per cent of GDP, while narrowing the current account deficit and easing price pressures.
"This could lead to the RBI (Reserve Bank of India) beginning to cut interest rates early next year, which on its own should have impact on economic growth," said Shah.
(Reuters)

Try and convert me if you can: Akhilesh Yadav to BJP65
0
Kanpur: Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday alleged that the BJP was "misguiding" people in the name of religious conversions and challenged the saffron party to "try and convert" him.
"People gave BJP most seats in the recent Lok Sabha polls. But the party is fooling the same people on the name of religious conversion," the chief minister said.
Yadav threw a challenge before the BJP, saying it should "try to convert him to another religion"
Yadav threw a challenge before the BJP, saying it should "try to convert him to another religion"
#akhilesh yadav #uttar pradesh #agra #conversion row
Referring to the plans of a "mass conversion ceremony" in Aligarh, announced by a Hindu outfit, Yadav said that it was the responsibility of the district administration to maintain law and order and arrest the trouble makers.
District authorities in Aligarh on Friday issued a warning to those trying to disturb communal amity while asking citizens not to get provoked ahead of the proposed December 25 ceremony.
The leaders of Aligarh-based Hindu Jagaran Samiti had announced a mass conversion ceremony of Christians and Muslims, described by them as "homecoming", at a local college on December 25.
Following this, a delegation of Christian leaders met the DM on Friday to express their concerns on the statements and were given an assurance by him that he would look into the matter.
Hindu Jagaran Samiti had announced its plan for mass conversion on December 25, which was welcomed by the local BJP MPs who said people are within their rights to choose their religion.
18

AirAsia India hopes to be Ebitda positive by March-AprilRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Budget carrier AirAsia India hopes to make operating profits by the end of March or early April by which time its hangars would house six aircraft, the airline’s chief executive, Mittu Chandilya, told FE. The airline posted a loss of close to R29 crore for the July-September quarter, its first full quarter of operations since its launch in June, as the carrier registered a relatively low load factor.
Chandilya also said the airline expects to start connections to Delhi around the same time. “We hope to become Ebitda positive after inducting six aircraft in our fleet,” Chandilya said. Ebitda is earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.
AirAsia India currently has two aircraft — Airbus A320-200. The airline plans to add two more aircraft taking its fleet size to four by the end of December, before eventually expanding it to six by the end of the first quarter of the calendar year 2015.
AirAsia India is promoted by Malaysian carrier AirAsia Bhd’s founder Tony Fernandes — who owns a 49% stake in the Indian carrier. Tata Sons and entrepreneur Amit Bhatia are the other stakeholders in the Indian venture.
In June, just before the low-cost carrier started operations in India, Fernandes had said AirAsia India would break-even and start posting operational profits from September by minimising costs and carrying more passengers.
Post Comments
More from companies

Black money: In HSBC list  SIT finds 427  actionable  casesIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
The special investigation team (SIT) on black money has found that of the 628 persons on the so-called HSBC list, only 427 persons’ cases are actionable with the amount involving Rs 4,479 crore.
In its second report submitted to the Supreme Court early this month, the SIT said that the central board of direct taxes (CBDT) has already directed its officials to finalise the assessment for these cases.
The income tax department has finalised assessment of 79 assessees and an amount of Rs 2,926 crore has already been brought to tax towards the undisclosed balances in the accounts relating to them. The department has levied tax and interest while the penalty proceedings under the Income Tax Act have already been initiated in 46 cases.
This is the first time that the Centre has disclosed details about the amount held in Swiss banks by Indian citizens.
“Such penalties have been levied in 3 cases so far. With regard to the other assessees, proceedings are pending,” the SIT said in its report, parts of which were released by the finance ministry on Friday.
Prosecution proceedings have been launched in six cases of wilful attempt to evade taxes.
In October, the Supreme Court had asked the Centre to hand over the HSBC list to the SIT, which already had the list, and has asked the investigating team to submit a status report, which was done on December 3.
Of the 628 names that figured on a list of account holders in HSBC’s Geneva branch that India had got from the French government, 201 are either non-residents or non-traceable while amounts are mentioned only against 339 persons. “Showcause notices for filing prosecution have been issued in 10 more cases and further action would be taken at the earliest,” the SIT has said in the report.
Further, apart from the cases of income tax department, other agencies including the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence and the Enforcement Directorate  (ED) are probing cases of unaccounted wealth totalling Rs 14,958 crore within India.
Earlier on Friday, finance minister Arun Jaitley had said that proceedings in the cases related to the HSBC list will be completed by March 31, 2015.
To weed out fake invoices by exporters and importers, the SIT has suggested an institutional mechanism on the lines of the Data Analysis and Research for Trade Transparency System in the US.
This system analyses trade and financial data to identify cases of mismatch that may warrant an investigation for money laundering.
The SIT has also suggested that to further curtail the practice of under-invoicing, the shipping bills should ask for the international market price of the consignment exported.
Making a case for mandatory declaration of PAN for all sales above Rs 1 lakh, the SIT said that the purchaser should also be required to disclose one’s identity — either PAN or Aadhaar number — for transactions above the same threshold.
Post Comments
More from economy

Luxury carmakers BMW  Mercedes shift gears in IndiaMercedes- Benz posts record sales in India during 2014
After two years of meagre profits and losses, the Indian units of German luxury car brands Mercedes-Benz and BMW have recorded a massive jump in profits in 2013-14, report Arnab Dutta & Rachit Vats in New Delhi & Mumbai.
The strong performance came not only on the back of robust volumes, but because the brands decided to maintain higher prices to protect margins, even though rival and market leader Audi waged war with steep discounts. Mercedes-Benz India posted a net profit of R191 crore in FY14, after a loss of R13 crore reported the previous year. In FY14, its total sales had risen 39% to R3,030 crore. Meanwhile, BMW India saw profits jump almost 11 times to R107 crore from R10 crore in FY13. Surprisingly for BMW, the profits rose even as total sales fell 12% to R2,024 crore.
Incidentally, aggressive pricing and a spate of lower-priced entry models like the Q3 compact SUV and the A4 sedan helped Audi emerge on top of the around 35,000-unit domestic luxury car market in calender year 2013 with sales of about 10,000 units – Audi, a Volkswagen Group brand, is most likely to retain the crown in 2014 as well. Audi had snatched the crown from BMW, which was the leader for four straight years — 2009 to 2012. Besides the top three German luxury car brands, others with significant volumes includes Tata Motors’ Jaguar Land Rover, and Sweden’s Volvo. “We have launched 10 new products for the Indian market this year and have witnessed an increased customer preference for our products. We are confident of ending the year on a double digit growth and continue our sustained profitable growth in India,”Mercedes-Benz India MD & CEO Eberhard Kern said.
Post Comments
More from automobiles

Rethink  Make in India ; strengthen economy from within: Rajanmake in India
(Rajan said that the Modi…)
NEW DELHI: Ahead of NDA's first full-fledged budget in February next year, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan called for more tax sops for households to encourage them to set aside more money and boost the country's flagging savings rate as he urged companies and policymakers to look inward as much as they're looking outward to strengthen the Indian economy and shore up its finances.
He said that the Narendra Modi government's 'Make in India' manufacturing initiative should not be read too narrowly as merely seeking to mimic the export-led growth strategy followed by China. Instead, he proposed a more open idea that focused on making Indian business more competitive.
"Make in India will typically mean more openness, as we create an environment that makes our firms able to compete with the rest of the world, and encourages foreign producers to come take advantage of our environment to create jobs in India," Rajan said as he floated the idea of 'Make for India'. "If external demand growth is likely to be muted, we have to produce for the internal market." The governor also wondered whether there was a need for more institutions to "ensure deficits stay within control and quality of budgets is high". Rajan was delivering the Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture at FICCI in Delhi on Friday.
The governor pointed out that tax benefits for individuals had been largely fixed in nominal terms until the recent budget, implying that after adjusting for inflation the value of the benefits had eroded over the years.
The Modi government had in its July 10 budget for FY15 raised the exemption limit on savings by Rs 50,000 to Rs Rs 1.5 lakh. The governor felt there was a case for enhancing this incentive."Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure that the country's investment is largely financed from domestic savings," Rajan said, adding that local demand should be financed as far as possible through domestic savings.
He said low and stable inflation and launching new institutions and products to seek out financial savings in every corner of the country will also help halt the erosion in the household savings rate.
The household savings dropped to 21.9 per cent of GDP in FY13 from 25.2 per cent in FY10, largely because of a decline in financial savings to 7.1 per cent from 12 per cent over the same period.The government has already re-launched the Kisan Vikas Patra savings instrument and the ambitious Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) to raise financial savings. PMJDY is aimed at ensuring all Indians have access to the banking system. With regard to the Make in India initiative, Rajan pointed out that a slowing world economy is not in a position to absorb substantial additional imports.
  "There is a danger when we discuss Make in India of assuming it means a focus on manufacturing, an attempt to follow the export-led growth path that China followed. I don't think such a specific focus is intended," Rajan said, adding that industrial countries were themselves improving capital-intensive flexible manufacturing that had even caused some work that had been outsourced earlier to be "re-shored".
India will also have to compete with China as it pushes into global exports. Make in India should also not be seen as an import-substitution programme, Rajan said."This strategy has been tried and it has not worked because it ended up reducing domestic competition, making producers inefficient, and increasing costs to consumers," the RBI governor said.
Rajan urged the implementation of measures including the goods and services tax (GST) for the creation of the "strongest sustainable unified market'."We are more dependent on the global economy than we think. That it is growing more slowly, and is more inward looking, than in the past means that we have to look to regional and domestic demand for our growth - to make in India primarily for India," he said.The governor said India needed to get its policy framework right because it did not belong to any power blocs.
Crucial to this was "a sound fiscal framework around a clear fiscal consolidation path", he said as he called for debate on how this could be achieved.
"Whether we need more institutions to ensure deficits stay within control and the quality of budgets is high, is something worth debating," Rajan said. "A number of countries have independent budget offices/committees that opine on budgets. These offices are especially important in scoring budgetary estimates, including unfunded long-term liabilities that the industrial countries have shown are so easy to contract in times of growth and so hard to actually deliver."
FEATURED ARTICLES

How the ban hurts Uber drivers who made Rs 45 000/mth | Uber offers to compensateYou are here: Home > Collections > Taxi
How the ban hurts Uber drivers who earned at least Rs 45,000/month
Harsimran Julka & Vasudha Venugopal, ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 07.17AM IST
Tags:
emis
(Companies  like Uber,…)
NEW DELHI: For years Damodar Chauhan drove a mortuary van in Delhi, transporting the dead to their final resting place and earning a pittance as he tried to make a life in India's capital city.
Until this June, when fortune smiled on the 26-year-old when he put together Rs 60,000 for a down payment on a new car and enrolled himself on the network of taxi-hailing app Uber. "In just six months I earned enough to buy a (second) car, for which I engaged a friend to drive," said Chauhan, who was earning as much as Rs 90,000 a month.
Then disaster struck. This week Uber's services were banned in Delhi with over half a dozen Indian states following suit, after a driver registered on its network was accused of raping a woman passenger last week.
"My car is still waiting in the showroom," said a distraught Chauhan, who used to earn a paltry Rs 5,000 in his previous job.
For thousands of drivers like him — mostly migrants from dirtpoor hinterlands — taxi aggregators that have launched services in various parts of urban India this past year offered the first real chance of escaping the clutches of poverty.
These companies, including Uber, Ola and TaxiForSure, neither employ drivers nor own the fleet. Instead they offer a technology platform that links drivers with customers looking for a ride.
The launch of Uber — a San Francisco startup that is backed by Goldman Sachs and Google Ventures — in India last year has triggered fierce competition in the Indian taxi industry estimated to be worth up to Rs 54,000 crore a year of which only 4-6 per cent is organised.
The entry of aggregators backed by million of dollars of investors money into the taxi market and their desire to win market share has seen availability rise and fares drop in several cities.
Cabbies had turned into Mini-entrepreneurs
A ride is now available for about Rs 12 per km on Uber and Rs 10 per km on Ola - only slightly more than what auto rickshaws charge. Radio taxi operators such as Meru Cabs, which charge around Rs 23 per km for its mainstay service, were also forced to adapt to competition from a new quarter.
Meru also launched an aggregation service, Genie, on its platform, offering rides at Rs 10 per km. Uber, which raised $1.2 billion in fresh funding from investors earlier this month, sees India as one of its key markets and a senior official has even indicated that the company was willing to commit around $500 million to its India operations.
While fares have dropped, drivers have benefited too, some of it thanks to aggregators paying them more as incentives. In the past, while a driver on Meru would earn about an average of Rs 15,000-20,000 per month, those driving for an Ola or Uber service have seen earnings rise to an average of Rs 45,000 a month.
Uber is estimated to have an all-India driver network of 10,000 while homegrown Ola said it has 42,000 drivers registered across 22 cities. Meru has about 10,000 drivers with it. On Friday afternoon, hundreds of cab drivers turned up in the heart of Delhi protesting against the government ban on taxi-app companies, pleading that the ban be revoked.
"I have to pay an installment of Rs 16,600 per month and support a family of five," said 45-year-old Paan Singh Chauhan, a father to three daughters whose income had doubled to about Rs 90,000 a month by working for Uber in last six months. Chauhan, who drove a private taxi earlier, took a bank loan to buy a new car and sign up for Uber.
Delhi-based Balvinder Singh, 29, had admitted his five-year-old son to a premium private school after his income shot up to Rs 1 lakh per month with Uber. "I had a dream that my son should get good education which I couldn't in life. I don't know whether I will be able to afford that now," said Singh, who is saddled with an EMI of Rs 15,000 per month along with a monthly school fee of Rs 4,000 to be paid next month.
Experts say that with big money flowing into online aggregation companies, several cabbies had turned into mini-entrepreneurs financing multiple vehicles. "Most of such drivers are likely to be absorbed by existing players such as Ola and TaxiForSure who are likely to clean up their operations faster," said Jaspal Singh, cofounder of Valoriser Consultants, which provides research services for transportation companies.
  "However drivers can forget the kind of incentives they used to get per trip or offers each peak season as Uber is likely to be out of the market for a couple of months," said Singh.
Ishwar Singh, 28, took a Rs 13-lakh loan this month to buy a Toyota Innova. Singh had enrolled a driver to ply his earlier cab, also an Innova. Both cabs were earning him an average ofRs 11,000 per day until last Saturday, when news of the crime by an Uber driver made national headlines.
Getting a car financed once registered with Uber was easy. "With a bona fide letter certifying us drivers as capable of paying off loan, many companies were willing to finance vehicles," said Naresh Nagpal.
For instance, all taxi-app companies, including Ola, Uber and TFS, have arrangements for vehicle financing with companies including Shriram Transport Finance, AU Financiers and Toyota Financial Services. Nagpal, whose income had risen so much so that he could get his wife operated upon at upscale Max Hospitals for a kidney problem, said the couple had only begun to "feel like middleclass people".He dreads going back to the life of a radio-taxi driver. "I was an airport pick-up driver for a radio-taxi firm which did not pay any waiting charges and if the client was missed, the drive went unpaid. It was a nightmare," he said.
For survival, cabbies such as 40-yearold SM Jha is planning to take another loan just to fund the EMIs till a decision is taken by the government. "I am knee-deep in debt and I will have to take another loan now to pay the EMI and support my family of five," said Jha, a father of three.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CCD IPO to get Rs 1 500cr  experts say its ...Cafe Coffee Day IPO estimated to fetch Rs 1,500 cr, experts say it’s right time for stake sale
Sabarinath M & Baiju Kalesh, ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 10.26AM IST
Tags:
Amalgamated Coffee Bean Trading Company
(The owner VG Siddhartha,…)
MUMBAI: Amalgamated Coffee Bean Trading Company , the owner of India's largest coffee retail chain Cafe Coffee Day (CCD), is seeking to raise Rs 1,200-1,500 crore by selling 20-25 per cent stake in the chain through a public offer that values the 18-year old company at about a billion dollars, two people with direct knowledge of the matter said.
At this valuation, the owner VG Siddhartha , a former investment banker who holds 70 per cent stake in the company along with his family members could be worth about Rs 4,500 crore. "We cannot comment on the development," said Siddhartha in an emailed response.
The firm started its final discussions — "kick off discussions" in industry parlance — on Thursday to finalise the draft prospectus with its three investment banks — Morgan Stanley , Citigroup and Kotak Mahindra Capital Company — to manage the issue.
Consultants and investment bankers say the timing is just right to shed stake in the retail chain, in which private equity funds KKR , Stanchart PE and New Silk Route have been investors since 2000. They cited the bullish stock market, stronger local consumption and rise in market value of CCD's rival Jubilant Foodworks after it went public in 2010.
The three funds invested about $150 million (about Rs 940 crore) to purchase a 20 per cent stake in the holding company ACBTC, which owns 1,650 retail outlets, more than three times that of all the three competitors combined, in more than 200 towns.
Consultant EY projected that India's middle class, comprising people earning between $10 and $100 (Rs 625-6,250) a day, will grow to 200 million by 2020 from about 50 million last year. "The timing is perfect," said an investment banker who has been selected to manage the issue, citing in particular the rise in market value of CCD's rival Jubilant Foodworks, the Indian franchise for Domino's Pizza.
Jubilant Foodworks' market value has risen to Rs 8,800 crore in the past four years from Rs 975 crore in 2010, when it went public at Rs 161.6 a share. On Friday, Jubilant Foodworks rose 3.68 per cent to close atRs 1,354.75 on the BSE.
"It could be a combination of fresh shares and some existing shares of the investors. A final decision will be taken soon," said the investment banker, who did not wish to be identified.
Some consultants raised concerns about the challenges ahead for the retail chain. "Given the fact that CCD has built substantial scale and size, it is an ideal candidate for a public offer as many investors are looking to buy into the local consumption story," said Naimish Dave, director, Avalon Consultants, a global research firm.
CCD faces three key challenges, said Dave. First, to keep up the promise to investors; the second, to maintain the same level of propositions as they expand to grow in the secondary cities and towns after building retail chains in the primary cities; and the third, to maintain the premium margin against the severe competition from international quick service chains such as Starbucks and Dunkin' Donuts.
The group also owns 53 per cent stake in publicly traded firm Sical Logistics through its unit Tanglin Retail Realty Developments , besides a real estate developer Tanglin Developments, a financial services firm way2wealth.com and a luxury resort in Chickmagalur in Karnataka. The other investments include a 22 per cent stake in software consulting firm Mindtree and 4 per cent stake in Tamil Nadu-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bengaluru executive says he is not behind pro-IS Twitter handle @ShamiWitnessComments
Facing the heat from intelligence agencies, Bengaluru-based executive Mehdi Masroor Biswas has now denied he is the man behind terror group Islamic State’s (IS) most influential Twitter handle, @ShamiWitness.
In an interview to Indian Express, Mehdi said that his claims to the UK-based  Channel 4 on supporting IS was just a ruse to get television reporter off his back.
Screen grab of the now deactivated @shamiwitness Twitter account.
"When Channel 4 called me first and asked if @ShamiWitness was my Twitter handle, I did not oppose it..my outright rejection would not have convinced them. I therefore decided to admit that I was indeed @ShamiWitness in the hope that they would not air the programme," said Mehdi in an interview to Indian Express.
"But I am telling you that I am not @ShamiWitness. Somebody must have hacked my email account which I used as ElSaltador@gmail.com and used it to upload stuff. I have been framed. Someone must have planted this," he said.
Channel 4 reported on Wednesday night that a man identified as Mehdi, an executive working with an “Indian conglomerate” based in the Karnataka capital, ran the Twitter account which has over 17,000 followers — two-thirds of whom are foreign fighters fighting for the IS in Iraq and Syria.
He had posted thousands of tweets using his mobile, praising IS and motivating people to join the jihadi group. These tweets were reposted thousands of times and seen by millions until the account was closed following the Channel4 report.
He posted the video of the beheading of US aid worker Peter Kassig within minutes of it being uploaded to the Internet and followed it up with several reposts.
Already saddled with the crisis over IS taking 39 Indian workers hostage in Iraq and the return of a Kalyan youth after he joined the terror group, the Indian establishment swung into action following the Channel4 story.
Sources said the intelligence bureau (IB) and Bangalore police were working in tandem to capture Mehdi, who is apparently on the run after he told Channel4 police were looking for him but he “won’t resist arrest”.
Counter-terrorism officials quashed reports of his arrest in the evening, saying someone with Infosys was questioned but he was not the man they were looking for. “If he (Mehdi) is found, he will be handed over to the NIA, which is investigating all IS-related cases,” one of the officials said.
Local intelligence sources said tracking him would be easier if Twitter, whose servers are located in the US, provides the IP (Internet protocol) address and access to the (now inactive) handle.
But Bengaluru police commissioner MN Reddi refused to accept this line. “Just because Twitter’s server is located abroad and there are barriers don’t mean there are no other ways of tracking the suspect down,” he said.
Indian officials have contacted their British counterparts for more details about Mehdi’s account and the posts he had sent to preach the IS ideology of terror. They also sought assistance from Twitter headquarters, though the social media platform preferred to take a cautious approach by “carefully examining the ramifications”.
The terror group has been known to push its jihadist agenda through the social media, especially for recruitment, and Mehdi was a prominent disseminator of pro-IS material who was “talking the talk and walking the walk” unseen and unheard from a cellphone in Bengaluru.

Haven t waged a war against India  won t resist arrest  says alleged Islamic State twitter handlerDec 13, 2014 at  10:30am IST
Haven't waged a war against India, won't resist arrest, says alleged Islamic State Twitter handler
18
0
Bengaluru: Alleged Islamic State's Bengaluru-based Twitter account handler identified as Mehdi Mehboob Biswas has reportedly told a British news channel that he has not waged war against India and fears an imminent arrest.
"I have a suspicion that the police, when they come to arrest me, might try to kill me. I want to state clearly that I won't resist arrest. I haven't done anything wrong. I haven't harmed anybody. I haven't waged any war or any violence against India. I just said stuff, people followed me. I only knew what the IS sympathisers said in public tweets," he clarified his stance.
British media reports had reported that the handler of the account Shami Witness may be based in Bengaluru. According to sources, Indian intelligence agencies had also been alerted about the handle after they arrested Areeb Majeed, the Kalyan boy who returned after fighting for the IS in Syria and Iraq.
#nia #bengaluru #islamic state #twitter
Sources also say that Majeed had apprised investigators of the Twitter handle as he had been following the handle. The National Investigating Agency is currently probing if the handle user is actually based in Bengaluru as reports claim. Bengaluru Police and NIA have formed teams to identify the man behind the account.
Security agencies have come to know that the account had 17,700 followers but tweets reposted thousands of times and have been seen by millions.
Investigators are also investigating details of the Twitter handle to authenticate whether the individual, identified as Mehdi Mehboob Biswas, was using his original name or it's just a pseudonym. "Probability of it being a pseudonym is very high," official sources said.
Meanwhile, two more such Twitter accounts have surfaced in the social media network.
91

Big Island Brothers  T-Shirts Commemorate LavaThe Ohio State Buckeyes' upset victory over the University of Alabama's Crimson Tide Thursday was among the surprising...
Brian Blanco/Getty Images

AAP opposes govt move to pay Reliance Infra for exiting Metro projectCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
The Aam Aadmi Party today said it will strongly oppose the Centre’s move to pay a subsidiary of the Reliance Infrastructure to the tune of Rs 1,800 crore for exiting from the crucial Delhi airport Metro project.
AAP said the Centre should not take any decision which has financial implications for the Delhi government, which has a stake in DMRC, in the absence of an elected government in the national capital.
The party said the Attorney General has advised the government to pay Rs 1,800 crore to the company for terminating the contract of Delhi airport Metro with the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).
Delhi’s then Transport Minister Saurabh Bhardwaj noted that since the matter is in arbitration and also that this company exited the agreement purely on financial considerations, therefore the state government was opposed to any payment to this company for exiting the agreement.
“In January this year, when the AAP government was there in Delhi, it received a letter from the then urban development minister Kamal Nath seeking views of the state government on why this payment should not be made to Reliance Infra subsidiary under the terms of condition of the contract, since it had terminated the same?
“Arvind Kejriwal endorsed the view in his capacity as chief minister and the UPA government did not proceed with its plan,” Bharadwaj said.
The party said it will also take to legal remedies, since DMRC cannot be “armtwisted” to pay such a huge amount of money.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Facebook s Mark Zuckerberg doesn t love the idea of  dislike  buttonFacebook’s Mark Zuckerberg doesn’t love the idea of a ‘dislike’ button
By: AFP |        San Francisco |  December 13, 2014 10:55 am
Post Comments
Summary
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg wants people to be able to quickly express broader ranges of feelings but a ‘dislike’ button doesn’t make the cut.
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg expresses concern that 'like' and 'dislike' buttons could turn into a voting system to judge posts.
Other Articles
Tata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg wants people to be able to quickly express broader ranges of feelings at the leading online social network, but a “dislike” button doesn’t make the cut.
During a question-and-answer session with an audience at the Facebook headquarters in Northern California, available online yesterday, Zuckerberg gave a thumbs-down to the idea of a button to register disdain for posts at the social network.
“That’s not something that we think is good for the world,” Zuckerberg said, expressing concern that “like” and “dislike” buttons could turn into a voting system to judge posts.
“The thing that I think is very valuable is that there are more sentiments that people want to express.”
While Facebook’s well-known thumbs-up “like” buttons let people easily show support or enthusiasm for posts, some folks think the sentiment seems off-target for somber subjects such as news of death or other sadness in the lives of friends.
“We are talking about a right way for people to easily express a broader array of emotions,” Zuckerberg said, giving examples such as empathy, surprise, or laughter.
No changes along those lines were on the immediate horizon.
“We need to figure out the right way to do it so that it is a force for good and not a force for bad in demeaning the posts that people are putting out there.”
Facebook would also risk irking advertisers by giving members a quick way to tag marketing messages with “dislikes,” according to analysts.
Zuckerberg noted that Facebook members are free to comment on posts, but can wind up feeling pressured to be witty or insightful.
Post Comments
More from industry

Modi pays tribute to martyrs of 2001 Parliament attackNew Delhi, December 13, 2014
Updated: December 13, 2014 12:48 IST
Modi pays tribute to martyrs of 2001 Parliament attack
IANS
Tweet
The Hindu
Prime Minister Narendra Modi alongwith (L-R) CPI Leader D. Raja, Congress President Sonia Gandhi, Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Former PM Manmohan Singh with the family members of the victims who laid thier life during the Parliament Attack, at Parliament house in New Delhi. Photo: R. V. Moorthy
VIDEO
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan and other parliamentarians on Saturday paid tribute to the soldiers who lost their lives during the deadly terror attack on the Parliament that took place Dec 13, 2001.
The attack had killed 14 people including five terrorists and six Delhi Police personnel.
Mr. Modi, Ms. Mahajan, Home Minister Rajnath Singh, Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, BJP leader L.K. Advani and chairperson of the UPA Sonia Gandhi were among the others who offered floral tributes.
The Prime Minister also tweeted: “We salute martyrs who lost their lives protecting the Temple of our Democracy on this day in 2001. Their sacrifices are etched in our memory.”
We salute martyrs who lost their lives protecting the Temple of our Democracy on this day in 2001. Their sacrifices are etched in our memory

Sony executive may face call from Sharpton to resign over emails about raceSony executive may face call from Sharpton to resign over emails about race
Modi may have a 56-inch chest but has small heartCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has “a 56-inch chest, but his heart is small”, Congress leader in Lok Sabha Mallikarjun Kharge said on Friday taking jibe at the PM.
Kharge was reacting to Coal Minister Piyush Goyal’s remarks that the Government’s target of producing one billion tonne of coal domestically was inspired by the Prime Minister’s “56-inch chest”.
Participating in a discussion on coal mines bill in the House, Kharge said, “Coal minister says that Modi has 56-inch chest. His chest is of 56 inches but heart is small.”
Congress has been sceptical of Goyal’s assertion that domestic coal production is targeted to reach one billion tonnes by 2019, considering less output at present.
“I want to tell the honourable member(s) that we won’t achieve anything till we think big…. By keeping in mind this 56-inch chest, we have set a target of a one billion tonne of domestic coal production by 2019,” the Minister said referring to an MP’s remarks about Modi’s “56-inch chest”.
Modi had referred to the phrase during the Lok Sabha election campaign and since then the opposition has latched onto it to target his government on alleged unfulfilled promises.
The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, which replaces an ordinance, was brought in the wake of the Supreme Court order cancelling the allocation of 204 coal blocks on September 24 and resetting the agenda for their allocation.
Lok Sabha passed the bill by voice vote.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Set aside hate  Chinas President Xi Jinping says on Nanjing MassacreanniversaryBy: Reuters | Beijing |
Posted: December 13, 2014 10:59 am
China and Japan should set aside hatred and not allow the minority who led Japan to war to affect relations now, Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Saturday, as the country marked its first national memorial day for the Nanjing Massacre.
China and Japan have long sparred over their painful history. China consistently reminds its people of the 1937 massacre in which it says Japanese troops killed 300,000 people in its then capital.
A postwar Allied tribunal put the death toll at 142,000, but some conservative Japanese politicians and scholars deny a massacre took place at all.
Ties had deteriorated sharply over the past year following Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s visit to the Yasukuni Shrine honouring war criminals among Japan’s war dead. The two are also involved in a spat over islets in the East China Sea.
But both countries, mindful of the economic stakes, reached agreement last month to try to reset ties during an ice-breaking meeting between Xi and Abe in Beijing.
Speaking at a memorial in the eastern city of Nanjing, a sombre Xi said that while history must never be forgotten, the future was just as important.
“The reason we are having a memorial for the Nanjing Massacre victims is to recall that all good-hearted people yearn for and hold fast to peace, not to prolong hatred,” Xi said, in comments carried live on state television.
“The people of China and Japan should pass on friendship from generation to generation,” he added.
“Forgetting history is a betrayal, and denying a crime is to repeat a crime. We should not hate a people just because a small minority of militarists set off an invasion and war. “… but nobody at any time should forget the severe crimes of the invaders.”
Doves to signify peace flew overhead once Xi, wearing a white flower on his lapel to signify mourning, finished speaking. Next year is the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two, and China has already promised memorials, offering the potential for further Sino-Japanese friction.
In recent days, China has released heart-rending accounts of the violence from its archives.
“With the issue of history having become an unavoidable hurdle in Japan’s relations with neighbours, the best way for the island nation to proceed is sincere acknowledgement and repentance of its war-time past, rather than futile attempts to reject it,” the official Xinhua news agency said in a commentary.

Pacific storm triggers tornado  mudslides  floods in SouthernCaliforniaA Caltrans crew tries to clear a flooded stretch of Highway 101 in South San Francisco, California. (Source: AP photo)
By: Reuters | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 13, 2014 10:41 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 1:20 pm
A Pacific storm pounded Southern California with heavy rain and high winds on Friday, triggering a small tornado, flash floods and mudslides that prompted the evacuation of hundreds of homes, damaged dozens of others and disrupted passenger rail services along the coast.
One person was found dead on Friday in a rain-swollen flood-control channel in the Orange County town of Garden Grove, which could mark the third storm-related fatality on the West Coast since Thursday.
Separately, rescue teams saved two people after they were swept away in the fast-moving Los Angeles River near a homeless encampment, the Los Angeles Fire Department said in Twitter messages.
High winds tore down power lines throughout the region, leaving as many as 78,000 customers without electricity at one point after the storm moved in before dawn, utility officials reported.
In an unusual phenomenon for Southern California, a small tornado touched down in South Los Angeles, where it damaged the roofs of an apartment complex and two houses and ripped up a billboard, said National Weather Service Specialist Stuart Seto. The twister was an EF0, the smallest category possible, and no one was hurt, he said.
The tornado was the first in Los Angeles since 2004, according to USTornadoes.com which tracks twisters. Weather Service meteorologists could not confirm that.
A water spout, which is like a tornado but occurs over water, was sighted over the ocean near Los Angeles International Airport on Friday morning, and another one formed 35 miles (56 kms) to the southeast off Newport Beach.
The severe weather, which included thunderstorms, was spawned by a storm system dubbed a “pineapple express,” a large low-pressure area that siphoned vast amounts of moisture from the tropical Pacific near the Hawaiian islands and dumped it on the West Coast as it moved over land, the National Weather Service said.
The same storm pummeled the Pacific Northwest and the northern half of California on Thursday with downpours and gale-force gusts that caused widespread power outages and disrupted commercial flights in San Francisco.
ROCKS PILED TO ROOF LINES
One of the areas hardest hit on Friday was the community of Camarillo Springs, north of Los Angeles, where boulder-strewn rivers of mud swept down hillsides that a wildfire had stripped of vegetation last year. Dozens of homes were damaged, and at least 10 were red-tagged as unsafe to enter, Ventura County authorities said.
Mounds of rock were left piled against several houses up to their roofs in the area. Authorities ordered the evacuation of more than 100 homes deemed to be at risk in the area.
About 1,000 homes were placed under evacuation orders in the Los Angeles suburb of Glendora, where mudslides from a wildfire-burned area there left several roads impassable overnight, police Lieutenant Matt Williams said.
The highest rainfall continued…

Tycoons make beeline for healthcare start-upsRatan Tata, who recently invested in e-commerce startups Snapdeal, Bluestone and Urban Ladder, has invested Rs 2 crore in Swasth India in his personal capacity, multiple sources told TOI.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Ratan Tata has invested in an affordable healthcare services startup — Swasth India — as for-profit social ventures catch the attention of high net worth individuals (HNIs) and top industrialists.
Tata, who recently invested in e-commerce startups Snapdeal, Bluestone and Urban Ladder, has invested Rs 2 crore in Swasth India in his personal capacity, multiple sources told TOI. Swasth India provides affordable healthcare services to low-income people. The Tata Sons chairman emeritus is said to be keen on pursuing such investments which have a social impact, the sources added. Tata's office did not offer any comments.
With such enterprises, 'socialpreneurs' eye twin objectives of creating a positive impact on society and generating profits. The concept of investing personal wealth with a financial as well as social bottom line is generating many 'likes' if investments by HNIs and industrialists like Harsh Mariwala and Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw are anything to go by.
Swasth India, to which Tata has provided second round of funding, was founded by Ankur Pegu and Sundeep Kapila — both 2001 IIT Bombay graduates, who prior to chasing a common dream of providing affordable healthcare to the common man had worked as management consultants in KPMG and McKinsey for 7 years.
Usually, it is philanthropy or charity most industrialists are associated with, but "impact" investment has begun to attract them as well. Mazumdar-Shaw, in addition to her investment in diagnostic company XCyton, has provided modest seed funding to Myhealthmate, a social venture founded by Rahul Batra and Shwetank Verma. While Tata and Mazumdar-Shaw are not new to the growing breed of socialpreneurs , the number of investments they are making in this space is certainly rising.
Mariwala, chairman of Marico, on the other hand, has made a debut in this space with a joint personal investment along with his son Rishabh, in Unitus Seed Fund, a $20 million seed-stage fund based in Bangalore and Seattle that invests in startups innovating for the masses in India.
Over the last year and a half, driven largely by his instinct, sources said Tata has invested a part of his personal wealth in such ventures, which include Grameen Capital of Muhammad Yunus and Altaeros Energy. Tata's investment in Swasth India is through an optionally convertible preference share instrument, which could eventually convert into a minority stake of around 5 to 10%.
Swasth India is a self-sustaining health system that provides one-stop access to healthcare to low-income people at half the market prices. Its services are delivered through a network of Swasth health centres. "We have received two rounds of funding, the first being from friends. The quantum of investment per centre is not significant, but given Swasth India's social objectives we're looking for patient capital," said Ankur Pegu.
With its 15 centres in Mumbai being self-sustainable, Swasth India is now looking to add another 100 in three years, both in Mumbai and other cities, according to Sundeep Kapila.
The returns from social enterprises are less glossy compared to the lure of the high valuations some of the other consumer-focused internet startups have garnered. Investments in social ventures are thus driven more by the satisfaction of witnessing a change in society. Apart from altruism, however, there is a genuine interest in ensuring such ventures become self-sustainable.
Talking about his investment in Unitus, Rishabh Mariwala, founder of Soap Opera N More, said the fund has a strong focus on financial returns and social impact. "We see this as a catalyst that can trigger ideas and businesses with high potential for scale and impact, and for the sector to flourish in a sustainable manner," he said.
Other investors in Unitus include former Infosys CFO T V Mohandas Pai and Hemendra Kothari of DSP Blackrock, among others, in India. The global fund individual investors include Bill Gates (Microsoft, Gates Foundation), Vinod Khosla (Khosla Ventures), among others.
According to Jacqueline Novogratz, CEO, Acumen, a non-profit global venture fund, when one is looking for solutions to problems, one is building a pool based on a philosophy that long-term sustainability to a company is key to really serving low-income populations.

Teach an old house new tricksDomestic 'droids, at your service
Ken Wysocky
About the author
Ken is a freelance writer and editor who resides in suburban Milwaukee, Wisconsin. A former newspaper reporter and magazine editor, Ken has more than 25 years of editorial and communications experience.
Read more about these links.
(Jibo)
In the years following World War II, a veritable invasion of time- and labour-saving devices took place in the world’s households. Freed from the yoke of war and perhaps inspired by Atomic Age and Space Race fervour, major electronics and appliance manufacturers went into overdrive.
Related
No steering wheel? No problem
The result? A blitzkrieg of advanced, more efficient products both small and large, from toasters, hand-mixers and juicers to washing machines, vacuum cleaners, cooking ranges and refrigerators. Goodbye kitchen, hello tennis courts and bridge games.
Don’t look now, but the world is in the midst of another household revolution that offers more gee-whiz technology aimed at saving time and boosting convenience in ways unimaginable just a decade ago. It is a period in which software, sensors and artificial intelligence are making it easier than ever to do everything from mow lawns and clean floors to wash windows and unlock doors.
Here are 10 of the more ingenious devices that may soon change the way we live, by making our houses smarter, safer and more efficient.
HouseLogix VoicePod, voice-controlled home-automation system
(HouseLogix Inc)
If your home truly is your castle, then the wireless HouseLogic VoicePod makes you its undisputed monarch. The small tabletop unit’s embedded software enables you to bark out simple commands and get instant results – no questions asked or protest lodged. Whether locking doors, turning on the heat or a television, or shutting off lights, you rule. The VoicePod works in conjunction with a Control4 home-automation system, and one VoicePod covers about a 700sq-ft (65m) room. ($649; www.voicepod.com)
Philips Hue, smart LED lightbulb system
(Philips)
When the lightbulb sprang from Thomas Alva Edison’s brainpan in the late 1870s, it is safe to surmise that the Hue –  a wireless-controlled lighting system that turns the common lightbulb into a timer, a security device, a mood-setter and more – was not even a glimmer in his vision. Armed with Hue lightbulbs, a router-like device (with capacity to control 50 bulbs) and a mobile app, a homeowner can use a smartphone or tablet to brighten or dim lights, change a bulb’s colour, time lights to automatically turn on or off or be programmed to slowly brighten or fade. You can even turn lights on or off remotely, or make them pulse to the beat of music. (Starter kit: $100; www.meethue.com)
iRobot Roomba 800 Series, robotic vacuum cleaner
(iRobot)
In the 1960s US cartoon show The Jetsons, the futuristic family relied on Rosie, an aproned robotic maid, to perform household chores. The Roomba 800 Series vacuum cleaner is a far more sophisticated articulation of the robot-maid ideal; think technological chateaubriand to Rosie’s ground chuck. The Roomba relies on a system of software and sensors that enable it to quietly navigate around your home’s effects. When finished, the Roomba returns to its base for recharging. And owners can program it to work whenever and wherever it suits, up to seven times a week. ($699; www.irobot.com)
Honda Miimo 500 robotic lawnmower
(Honda)
Convincing one’s spouse that the lawn is not in dire need of a mowing can be as fraught as eating fugu. The answer? The Miimo, which promotes domestic tranquility by removing the chore entirely from the resident mower’s to-do list. The Miimo uses an intelligent combination of controls, timers and real-time sensory feedback to cut the grass. Concerned that the Miimo might do an Edward Scissorshands-like move on your neighbour’s back 40? Fear not. The user defines the Miimo’s cutting territory with a perimeter wire that sends out electric signals, much like an electric fence for pets. ($3,100; www.honda.co.uk/garden/miimo)
Jibo, family robot
(Jibo)
For those who remember HAL 9000, the congenial but ultimately diabolical computer from 2001: A Space Odyssey, Jibo could be thought of as HAL’s cuter, infinitely more friendly döppelganger. Just 11in (28cm) tall, the unfailingly polite and interactive robo-servant uses artificial-intelligence algorithms to become the personal assistant you never knew you always wanted. Available in 2015, the “male-gendered” Jibo is a veritable Swiss Army knife of functionality, able to take family photos, keep a record of appointments, recite stories to your children and engage in casual conversation. Just don’t let “him” see your credit card number. ($499; www.myjibo.com)
Nest, learning thermostat
(Nest Labs)
Not long ago, programmable thermostats seemed like cutting-edge technology. Then along comes the Nest from Nest Labs, a thermostat that educates itself, like a home-schooled child, and learns the homeowner’s personal heating and cooling preferences. All that’s required is manual adjustment of the thermostat for about a week. During that time, the Nest learns preferences and creates a personalised heating and cooling schedules, and keeps adapting to any future changes in usage patterns. The unit can be adjusted remotely via a smartphone or tablet, and it even senses your absence –  not unlike the family dog – and turns off the heat or air conditioner after you leave home, lowering usage and, consequently, utility bills. ($249; www.nest.com)
Ecovas Winbot 7 Series, robotic window-washer
(Ecovacs Inc)
Even if you don’t suffer from climacophobia (fear of climbing ladders) or acrophobia (fear of heights), it is easy to admire the labour-saving Winbot, which just might send squeegees to history’s dustbin. The robot employs a powerful suction mechanism to cling to windows or mirrors, Spider-Man-style, then uses sensors to map out an efficient cleaning path. The Winbot definitely won’t cure phobias, but it will relieve at least one preoccupation. ($300; www.ecovacs.com)
Monsieur, artificially intelligent robotic bartender
(Monsieur)
How can you be the life of the party when you’re head is stuck in a mixology book? Enter the Monsieur, a robotic bartender that mixes tailored-to-taste cocktails. Seriously. It can mix literally hundreds of different drinks, and it learns your preferences for stronger or weaker pours. Not sure what to drink? Ask Monsieur and it’ll make suggestions. This robotic Sam Malone also will accept orders via smartphone. And it even tracks your alcohol consumption and sends you a smartphone link to a taxi service if it thinks you’ve overindulged. It's a personal bartender that has also is your bar-back. ($3,999; www.monsieur.co)
August Smart Lock, Bluetooth-activated deadbolt lock
(August)
Leaving a house key with the neighbours in case of the dreaded home lockout is so yesterday, thanks to the Smart Lock. This device provides keyless access to your home through a virtual key, enabled on a smartphone or tablet. It uses secure, encrypted locking technology, similar to that used by financial institutions for on-line banking. You control who has access, as well as that access’s duration. The Smart Lock can even sense your approach and unlock doors for you. It’s a personal valet of sorts – and no tipping required. ($250; www.august.com)
The Clapper, sound-activated electrical outlet
(Joseph Enterprises)
This much-ridiculed yet deceptively ingenious device, made famous by late-night US television commercials, is not exactly new, having first been shipped in 1986. But this sound-activated electrical switch, which can flip two devices on or off with the clap of a hand, was pretty advanced for its time. And almost 30 years after Joseph Enterprises introduced it, the Clapper – along with its sing-song-ey “Clap on! Clap off!” slogan-cum-jingle – remains a pop-culture touchstone, as well as a convenient step-saver. And for that, it deserves a standing ovation. ($20; www.chiapet.com)
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Pidilite Industries forms subsidiary company in EthiopiaDec 13, 2014, 11.06 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pidilite Industries forms subsidiary company in Ethiopia
Pidilite Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Company alongwith its Wholly owned subsidiary Pidilite International Pte Ltd. has incorporated a private limited subsidiary Company in Ethiopia on December 10, 2014 in the name of PIDILITE CHEMICAL PLC.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pidilite Industries forms subsidiary company in Ethiopia
Pidilite Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Company alongwith its Wholly owned subsidiary Pidilite International Pte Ltd. has incorporated a private limited subsidiary Company in Ethiopia on December 10, 2014 in the name of PIDILITE CHEMICAL PLC.
Post your opinion here
 
Pidilite Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the Company alongwith its Wholly owned subsidiary Pidilite International Pte Ltd. has incorporated a private limited subsidiary Company in Ethiopia on December 10, 2014 in the name of "PIDILITE CHEMICAL PLC" for manufacture of adhesives, mastics, paints, varnishes or similar coatings, printing, writing and painting inks etc.Source : BSE

India came close to killing Dawood in Karachi  called off operation after a last minute phone call: sources628
10
New Delhi: Almost a year ago India came very close to eliminating Dawood Ibrahim, the country's most wanted terrorist and accused in the 1993 Mumbai serial bomb blasts, who is being shielded by Pakistan. A team of Indian commandos had infiltrated into Pakistan to hunt Dawood and were all set to execute the highly secret operation before they were asked to not carry out the strike.
Indian intelligence agencies have been trying to trace and nab Dawood ever since he fled to Pakistan more than two decades ago after masterminding the biggest terror strike in the country.
But several attempts at extraditing him have failed over the years. Now explosive details accessed by IBN7 suggests India attempted a daring covert operation to eliminate Dawood on Pakistan's territory.
#dawood #india #execution #murder
"An operation was planned in 2013 to eliminate Dawood. Nine agents were selected by RAW for the operations. The operatives were given passports of Sudan, Bangladesh and Nepal. The team was called Super Boys," claimed a source.
For the operation, RAW had sought active support from Israel's Mossad and September 13 was chosen as the date of execution, the source said.
According to the source, "Dawood has been living in Karachi for years and every day he travels from his Clipton Road home to the Defence Housing Society. This was the opportunity the 'Super Boys' chose to utilise. A dargah on the way was chosen as the spot for execution. On September 13, 2013, the nine commandos took positions across the road. The commandos not only knew details of Dawood's car but also had a latest video which exposed his present appearance."
But minutes before the execution, the plan was aborted after a mysterious phone call.
The source, however, did not divulge details about the call, who made it and why the plan was aborted.
8042

Dow slips 300 pointsDow slips 300 points
CBI arrests Madan Mitra in Saradha scamCBI arrests Madan Mitra in Saradha scam
Airtel to boost mobile Internet biz with Each One Teach One dayRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
Leading telecom service provider Bharti Airtel organised ‘Each One Teach One Day’ – an industry first initiative aimed at driving internet literacy in India and contributing to the nation’s larger digital inclusion agenda. As part of this, Airtel’s network of 1.4 million retailers, 20,000 on-the-field executives and 15,000 employees across a total of around 1,800 towns pledged their support towards the cause of widespread internet awareness in India, and spearheaded this movement as ‘internet ambassadors’ who dedicated the entire day to make people internet literate.
“According to estimates, India is the third largest in the world when it comes to internet subscribers and boasts of a whopping 250 million internet users. While the sheer scale of the market indicates growth in absolute numbers, India’s internet penetration stands as low as 25% when compared with countries like USA and China that stand at 85% and 46% respectively. Digital literacy can play a truly transformational role in enabling the lives of millions in India and help our country realise its potential towards becoming a knowledge driven economy”, said Srinivasan Gopalan, Director – Consumer Business, Bharti Airtel.
Recently, Airtel had launched its ‘One Touch Internet’ WAP (Wireless Application Protocol) portal designed to help first-time users to discover the internet easily and see-try-buy a host of popular services (including social networking, videos, online shopping and travel bookings) through free tutorial videos and trial packs.
“With over half a million callers daily, our recently launched ‘One Touch Internet’ has seen tremendous response from people across the country and validated India’s deep interest in learning how to use the internet on their mobile phones. Like we saw the mobile device grow become the default way of making voice calls, we firmly believe that going ahead, more and more Indians will to enjoy their first-time internet experience on their mobile phones. We envisage an internet-empowered India in years to come and encourage every internet-aware Indian to contribute their bit to our ‘Each One Teach One’ agenda by initiating someone into the exciting world of the internet”, added Gopalan.
With initiatives like ‘One Touch Internet’ and ‘Each One Teach One Day’, Airtel is working towards introducing more and more Indians to internet, make wireless internet a reality and bridge the digital divide. From wired to wireless, 2G / 3G, fixed line / DSL, MPLS connectivity to now 4G LTE services – Airtel offers a wide array of data services for customers across the spectrum (including SMBs as well as global enterprises) and is uniquely positioned to leverage its deep market understanding towards accelerating internet adoption in India.
Post Comments
More from companies

Indonesia: Landslide kills 11  search on for 108missingBy: Agence-France Presse | Jemblung (indonesia) |
Posted: December 13, 2014 11:37 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:16 pm
Rescuers searching for more than 80 people missing after a landslide in Indonesia deployed bulldozers and excavators today to battle their way through roads strewn with debris to the site of the disaster, officials said.
At least 26 people have been confirmed dead after torrential downpours triggered the landslide hitting Jemblung village in central Java late Friday, National Disaster Management Agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said.
“We found six more bodies today. Eighty-two people are still missing,” he told AFP.
Hundreds of rescuers were digging through the mud with shovels and their bare hands in a desperate hunt for any survivors.
“I am very worried,” a sobbing Sutinem, whose 12 family members including her children were buried in the landslide, he said.
The 45-year-old, who like many Indonesians goes by only one name, said so far only the body of her mother had been found. She was not at the village when the landslide hit as she was working in west Java.
“I was shocked to see that my village was flattened to the ground… I pray that the government will find them quickly,” she said.
“We are trying our best to look (for) those still buried.
It’s a big challenge because we are still using manual tools and the affected area is very muddy,” military official Edi Rahmatullah told reporters.
Provincial search and rescue agency chief Agus Haryono said rescue efforts have been slow because the ground was still unstable.
“The affected area is a large valley surrounded by hills.
The soil is loose and muddy so we have to be very careful when digging to prevent more landslides,” he said, adding that sniffer dogs were being deployed to detect bodies.
“The chances of finding anyone alive at this point is slim, but who knows? We just hope and pray that we can find survivors,” he said.
Authorities were using heavy equipment to clear a three-metre high pile of fallen trees and rubble on the main road leading to the site of the disaster.

US: Shooting near Oregon school sends three tohospitalBy: Associated Press | Portland |
Posted: December 13, 2014 11:13 am
A suspected gang member opened fire on a group outside a high school, sending three young people to the hospital in what police said appeared to be a gang-related shooting.
The victims of the Friday shooting are students at Portland’s Rosemary Anderson High School or in affiliated job training programs, police Sgt. Pete Simpson said.
A 16-year-old girl was in critical condition, and two males– ages 17 and 20– were in fair condition, police said. A fourth person– a 17-year-old girl– was grazed by a bullet but not hospitalized.
Witnesses told police there may have been a dispute outside the school before the shooting occurred at a street corner. The assailant and two other people fled, and the wounded students went to the school for help, the spokesman said.
“Based on the investigation thus far, the shooting appears to be gang-related,” Simpson said Friday night in a statement. That gang link was stronger than police suggested earlier in the day.
Sierra Smith, a 17-year-old student, told The Oregonian newspaper she saw one of the male victims being helped by a teacher inside the school. “He was laying on the ground. He had blood coming out of his stomach,” she said. “It was scary.”
Rosemary Anderson High School serves at-risk students who were expelled or dropped out, or who are homeless or single parents.
According to the school’s website, 190 students annually are enrolled at the north Portland location. The school also has a second location in Gresham.
Gang violence in Portland isn’t a new phenomenon. Some of the violence occurs between rival gangs, but bystanders have also been hurt.
“We’ve made a lot of progress in addressing the gang problem, but we haven’t eradicated it,” Mayor Charlie Hales said. “Today’s really a sad reminder that it’s still with us.”

Coal block allotment to be done on discreti...coal bill
(In the Supreme Court judgement (scrapping…)
NEW DELHI: The new coal bill may allow the discretionary allotment of mines, as experts say a new clause in the proposed law can be interpreted as facilitating such action. However, coal ministry officials say the clause has been inserted only to allow tariffbased bidding.
Section 5(1) of The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, 2014, says the government can allot coal blocks deallocated by the Supreme Court not only to public sector units or joint ventures between two or more government companies but also "to a company which has been awarded a power project on the basis of competitive bids for tariff (including Ultra Mega Power Projects)" or UMPPs.
"This means that even private companies can be allocated coal blocks without an auction," according to Dipesh Dipu, an energy consultant teaching at Hyderabad's Administrative Staff College of India. But a coal ministry official said the provision is aimed at facilitating projects for which the power ministry has sought bids.
"In the Supreme Court judgement (scrapping coal block allocations), UMPPs (awarded through auctions) had been exempted from the de-allocation. This is the same clause. Some coal blocks are earmarked for the power ministry, for UMPPs," the official said. This clause, he added, is "only for new projects".
Vinayak Chatterjee, chairman and managing director of infrastructure consultancy Feedback Infra, said there's nothing wrong with the clause. "Any company awarded a power project — whether a UMPP or not — on the basis of a competitive bid for tariff will factor in the cheaper price of coal due to the captive block before bidding." However, Dipu feels that the provision creates a loophole that can be exploited. "Even a company which has won a tariff-based bid using calculations based on hydel or imported coal becomes eligible for such an allocation," he says.
"Rules that may be formulated in the future might better specify eligibility of the power projects. But as of now, this does create ambiguity." It boils down to a question of phrasing, the official cited above said. "Laws cannot be amended every day. You have to budget for future situations that might arise so that the bill stands the test of time. Therefore, there needs to be some flexibility."
It is possible that the power ministry might want to, in the future, auction even smaller power projects after pairing them with coal blocks, as was done for the UMPPs and that's why the Bill says "including UMPPs".
This, however, also creates the possibility of backdoor manoeuvres. "Including UMPPs" means any company with a power-purchase agreement (PPA) is eligible for such an allotment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Consensus on a flawless version of GST neededTaxation at this rate would mean that the taxpayer would not have to pay an unusually high tax on any single commodity or service. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By: Arvind Panagariya
If there is one policy reform on which there is consensus, it is the Goods and Services Tax (GST). Yet, as negotiations between the Centre and states reshape this important reform, continuous reassessment is warranted.
If we were to implement the flawless GST as originally recommended by the task force of the 13th Finance Commission (TFC), the gains would be immense. The latter had recommended that India replace myriad central and state indirect taxes by a single uniform value added tax on substantially all goods and services. With the combined indirect tax revenue of the Centre and states a tad below 11 per cent, allowing for a handful of exceptions, the TFC taskforce had pegged the uniform GST rate at 12 per cent.
Taxation at this rate would mean that the taxpayer would not have to pay an unusually high tax on any single commodity or service. The burden will be spread evenly across different goods and services consumed. The single rate would also eliminate production inefficiencies since it would tax value added at each stage of production at the same rate.
As a byproduct, since the GST would be collected at the point of sale rather than production, it will serve to unify India into a single market. There would no more be need to erect border check posts to collect taxes on goods produced in one jurisdiction but sold in another.
Unfortunately, it is now increasingly clear that we are not heading towards a flawless GST. Both states and the Centre have lists of goods and services that they appear determined to exclude from the tax base. State lists differ from one another and also from that of the Centre.
Almost all states want such important sources of indirect tax revenue as petroleum and alcohol excluded from the GST base. Besides food items, education and health services are also likely to be excluded wholly or partially. Then there are exclusions based on the turnover of a company. The Centre does not tax companies with a turnover less than Rs 15 million while the exemption thresholds across states range from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 6 million.
So significant are the proposed exclusions that a recent sub-panel set up by state governments estimated that revenue-neutral GST rates would be 12.77 per cent for the Centre and 13.91 per cent for the states. Together, these rates would sum to 26.68 per cent, more than twice the 12 per cent rate that the TFC task force had recommended. Admittedly, the 26.68 per cent rate is the highest of all estimates of revenue-neutral rates offered to-date. Nonetheless, the estimates have been uniformly significantly above the 12 per cent mark.
If excluded items and companies render the GST tax base small and, thus, require the revenue-neutral GST rate to be excessively high, the benefits of the new system would barely justify its costs. A shift to the new system would impose significant transition costs since all states and the Centre would need to move to a common GST infrastructure that would require all taxpaying companies to file their returns and deposit taxes electronically.
GST has also been a source of "attention diversion cost". The inordinate amount of time spent negotiating it has meant that other reforms have been neglected or delayed.
Above all GST, even when implemented in its flawless form, imposes a major cost on the system by compromising our federal structure of governance. In a true federal system, states and local administrations get to choose the level of spending on public goods and services and are, therefore, accorded powers of taxation. In so far as GST substantially transfers the power to tax to the Centre, it restricts the ability of the states to determine the level of spending on public goods and services locally.
Page 1 of 2

Saradha scam: TMC to hold protest rally against Madan Mitra s arrestComments
A day after the  arrest of state minister Madan Mitra  over the Saradha scam, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee hit out against Prime Minister Narendra Modi calling it "political vendetta", while the BJP said she was panicking because of her "involvement."
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
"There are photos of the Prime Minister  with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that the CBI arrest the PM?" Mamata said at a protest rally held in the Maidan area. 
She said Trinamool Congress MPs will protest in Parliament against  the arrest of state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra who is also her close aide.Mitra was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for his alleged role in the multi-crore-rupee chit fund scandal. 
"Stay within your limits or face music," she warned the BJP and the Centre and added "People of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power."
Responding to her charges, the BJP in Delhi said Banerjee is pressing the "panic button" and "rattled" by the possibility that her "own
involvement" could come to light.
 
"Dare does not matter. Sometimes I can say these are politically motivated attempts...If anything which is linking
Mamata Banerjee with the scam, she would be investigated and interrogated by the CBI. It is for CBI to take that call and
not for me to direct the CBI,"BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi told reporters outside Parliament
 
"And it will be determined on the fact of the case and investigating material, which is before the police. I am no one to direct CBI, nor is the BJP. CBI is an autonomous institution," she added.
 
Lekhi said that if Banerjee has done anything wrong or committed any wrong in terms of conspiracy which has happened or if any link is found connecting her with Saradha scam "her dare will go away" because the law would then take its course.
Another party spokesperson G V L Narsimha Rao attacked Banerjee, saying she has "lost all her courage" and was making "adventurous comments" without offering an explanation on the alleged role of her party leaders.
"She is possibly rattled by the revelations and possibly fears that her own involvement in the scam would come to light," he said.
Opposition parties in West Bengal have repeatedly accused the chief minister of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
Meanwhile, West Bengal minister Madan Mitra was sent to CBI custody till Dec 16 by a Kolkata court
Rejecting the bail plea moved by Mitra's lawyers, the chief judicial magistrate's court sent him to four days' custody in connection with the ponzi scandal.
 The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case. 

Zyden Gentec: Outcome of board meetingDec 13, 2014, 11.12 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Zyden Gentec: Outcome of board meeting
Zyden Gentec Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its Meeting held on December 12, 2014, has considered and approved the, constitution of Risk management Committee in compliance of Clause 49(VI).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Zyden Gentec: Outcome of board meeting
Zyden Gentec Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its Meeting held on December 12, 2014, has considered and approved the, constitution of Risk management Committee in compliance of Clause 49(VI).
Post your opinion here
 
Zyden Gentec Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its Meeting held on December 12, 2014, transacted following business:1. Considered and approved the postal Ballot for obtaining the consent of shareholders under section 61(1)(d) of companies Act 2013 and finalized the calendar of events for the same.2. Considered and approved the Postal Ballot Notice of the Company.3. Mr. Ashutosh Gupta, Chartered Accountants, appointed as Scrutinizer of the Company for the Postal Ballot.4. The Cut off date is fixed on December 12, 2014.5. Considered and approved to set up the clinical research services division supporting Phase I to Phase IV trials including Clinical Operations, Data Management, Biostatistics and SAS programming, Medical affairs, Pharmacovigilance, Quality Assurance and Regulatory Assistance.6. Considered and approve Whistle Blower Policy in compliances of Clause 49(IIF).7. Considered and approved the, constitution of Risk management Committee in compliance of Clause 49(VI).8. General Discussion on the working and performance of the Company.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Hydro S and S Industries: Updates on OFS of shares by promoterDec 13, 2014, 11.12 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hydro S and S Industries: Updates on OFS of shares by promoter
Kingfa Sci. & Tech. Co., Ltd., the promoter and holding Company of Hydro S&S Industries has submitted a copy of Notice of Offer for Sale 5,00,000 equity shares of the face value of Rs 10 each on December 15, 2014 exclusively through the Seller's broker named through a sale on the separate window provided by BSE Limited for this purpose.

After price control  several key drugs in short supplyAfter price control  several key drugs in short supply
Bengaluru police arrest man allegedly behind pro-IS Twitter handleBengaluru police arrest man allegedly behind pro-IS Twitter handle
Cricket: India 205 for 2 at tea  need 159 runs to beat Australia in 1st TestCricket: India 205 for 2 at tea  need 159 runs to beat Australia in 1st Test
Twin blasts hit Nigerian city Jos  kill at least 31By: Associated Press | Nigeria |
Posted: December 12, 2014 9:45 am | Updated: December 12, 2014 10:51 am
Activists said at least 31 people were killed Thursday when twin explosions rocked downtown Jos in central Nigeria in what appears to be the latest attack by Islamic extremists.
The blasts occurred as store owners were shutting their shops and Muslims were preparing for evening prayers.
One blast went off at an outdoor food stand called Mr Bigs and the other at the nearby entrance to the Terminus market in the center of the city, according to witnesses who spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisals.
Soldiers and police said they were ferrying the wounded to hospitals.
Rescue workers had evacuated 31 bodies and operations were continuing, civil rights lawyer Ahmed Garba told The Associated Press. Mark Lipdo of the Stefanos Foundation charity said rescue workers also told him at least 31 people were killed and several were injured, some critically.
In May, twin car bombs in Jos’ Terminus marketplace killed at least 130 people.
Those attacks were blamed on Islamic extremists from the Boko Haram group and were seen as an attempt to ignite fighting between Muslims and Christians. Jos is in Nigeria’s Middle Belt, where the mainly Muslim north and predominantly Christian south meet and violence between the two groups is commonplace.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for Thursday’s attack but it bore all the signs of Boko Haram.
In northern Kano, Nigeria’s second largest city, police commissioner Aderenle Shinaba told reporters they safely detonated a bomb hidden in a handbag. The bag had been planted Thursday in a supermarket favored by foreigners.
Separately, police in Kano arrested a teenage girl wearing a jacket primed with explosives, according to an officer who spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to give information to reporters.
Several bombs in recent months have been detonated by female suicide bombers, raising fears that Boko Haram is using some of the hundreds of kidnapped girls and young women for its attacks.
Twin bomb blasts killed at least 102 people at the main mosque in Kano on Nov. 29, when gunmen also shot at people trying to escape.
At least 75 people have been killed in bomb blasts by female suicide bombers in recent weeks in Maiduguri, the northeastern capital of Borno state that is the birthplace of Boko Haram.
The extremist group has taken over several towns and villages along the northeast border with Cameroon, where it has declared an Islamic caliphate.
Thousands of people have died and 1.2 million have been forced from their homes in the 5-year-old insurgency.

Xiaomi growth loses its shine with India banYou are here: Home > Collections
Xiaomi growth loses its shine with India ban
Reuters Dec 12, 2014, 08.35AM IST
Tags:
China
(Chinese smartphone maker…)
HONG KONG: A patent dispute has forced a retreat for China's top smartphone brand. The stakes are high because Indian demand for low-end phones could be huge. Xiaomi can probably pay up and start selling again, but patent fees will squeeze margins, and in turn the company's valuation.
Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi was ordered by Delhi High Court to stop selling its smartphones in India on Dec. 11.
The temporary ban, which will extend until Feb. 5, is the result of a patent infringement case Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson filed against Xiaomi in India. Ericsson confirmed that it is taking legal action against Xiaomi in India for suing its technology in smartphone devices without paying a licensing fee, Reuters reported.
Xiaomi became China's top smartphone maker by market share in the second quarter of 2014 according to industry tracker Canalys. The privately-held company reported that sales for the first six months of the year had risen by 149 percent year on year to 33 billion yuan ($5.34 billion).
Xiaomi is valued from $40 to $50 billion based on its recent funding round in November, according to Bloomberg.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi HC directs Xiaomi to stop sale of phones over patent caseYou are here: Home > Collections > Ericsson
Delhi HC directs Xiaomi to stop import, sale of phones over patent case by Ericsson
Anandita Singh Mankotia & Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Dec 11, 2014, 10.03AM IST
Tags:
AMR EDGE
(The order was passed on the…)
NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court has asked smartphone vendor Xiaomi and its local e-commerce partner Flipkart to stop importing and selling devices in India until February 5, when the court will again hear Swedish equipment maker Ericsson's patent-infringement petition against the Chinese company.
The court has asked both Flipkart and Xiaomi to furnish details on the devices sold by them so far in India that are compliant with mobile technologies 3G, EDGE and AMR and the revenue generated. According to Ericsson, its technologies are essential to manufacture these devices.
This is a setback to the Chinese smartphone maker that has managed to gain massive traction in India after selling more than 800,000 smartphones including the popular Mi3 and low-cost Red Mi 1S in India since its launch here in July. It already has a more than 1% share of India's growing smartphone market.
The development follows a recent Delhi High Court order asking homegrown handset maker Micromax to pay a royalty equal to 1% of the selling price of its devices to Ericsson for using its patents, called standard essential patents. That interim order holds until December 31, 2015, the deadline set by the court to conclude the trial.
The court has directed the Central Board of Excise and Customs to stop any imports of Xiaomi's mobiles, handsets, devices and tablets. According to the court ruling, a copy of which was reviewed by ET, Ericsson's claim of Xiaomi infringing upon eight of its registered standard essential patents makes a prima facie case for an interim injunction.
Ericsson has alleged that despite its proposals to Xiaomi to obtain a licence to use the patents, not only did Xiaomi bypass it and enter the Indian market in July, it also set up an Indian subsidiary Xiaomi technology India Pvt Ltd. "Thus, the defendants have become liable to pay damages, rendition of accounts, delivery up and other reliefs," the court has ruled.
Xiaomi's India head Manu Kumar Jain said the company has yet to receive the court order. "While we haven't received an official notice from the Delhi High Court, our legal team is currently evaluating the situation based on the information we have," he told ET. "India is a very important market for Xiaomi and we will respond promptly as needed and in full compliance with Indian laws. Moreover, we are open to working with Ericsson to resolve this matter amicably," he added.
According to Ericsson, it had been discussing the matter with Xiaomi for over three years and was forced to explore the legal route due to Xiaomi's non-compliance. "It is unfair for Xiaomi to benefit from our substantial R&D investment without paying a reasonable licensee fee for our technology," the company said in a statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Centre and States make headway on GST differencesCentre, states make headway on GST differences
ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(The Centre and states tonight…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre and states made significant headway on the goods & services tax (GST) after a day of hectic parleys that went on until late Thursday night at the finance ministry. Implementing GST is one of the main measures on the Modi government's reforms agenda and is seen as a critical element in its efforts to speed up economic growth.
State and central finance ministers and officials will meet again in a week's time to try and clinch a deal, with the government having said that it wants to get the levy in place by April 1, 2016, a six-year delay.
"We have made headway, but we will meet again in a week's time," Jammu & Kashmir Finance Minister Abdul Rahim Rather, chairman of the empowered panel of state FMs, said after the meeting with Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Thursday night.
The government appeared confident of moving the amendment Bill needed to be passed before GST can be rolled out. The levy was to have originally been launched on April 1, 2010.
"Most states are on board including Karnataka and Kerala. Only two manufacturing states have concerns of revenue loss that will be addressed," said a government source said privy to the deliberations of Jaitley's meeting with the three state finance ministers that were negotiating on behalf of the rest. These two states are Maharashtra and Gujarat, ruled by BJP.
The official said the constitutional amendments are based on the minutes of the empowered committee meeting held in Bhubaneswar, indicating that states are on board in respect of the changes.
GST seeks to create a seamless national market for goods and services by removing distortions caused by state fiscal policies and entry taxes that create geographical boundaries. It will also remove inefficiencies in indirect taxes by replacing the plethora of central and state levies with a single tax.
There is a general political consensus on GST but a deal has been elusive because states have played hardball fearing loss of revenue.
The same script played out on Thursday when states took a hard stand, prompting Jaitley to step in and make sure that progress could be made.
States wanted compensation for any loss of revenue for five years, and petroleum and entry tax to be kept out of GST.
 
"We have been discussing GST for the past seven years," Jaitley told the finance ministers, insisting that it was time to take a call on whether they wanted GST or not, a person aware of the deliberations told ET.
Jaitley is very keen to introduce the constitutional amendment Bill in the current Parliament session that ends on December 24.
The finance minister assured the states that all their concerns, including compensation for any revenue loss under the new tax regime, would be met.
"The prime minister has made it clear that this government believes in cooperative federalism... We want states to prosper... All states stand to gain from GST like they did from value-added tax," Jaitley told the state ministers.
He asked the finance ministers to form an informal grouping representing producing states and consuming states to further discuss and finalise the contours of the legislation.
Subsequently, Jaitley met Rather, Gujarat Finance Minister Saurabh Bhai Patel and Punjab Finance Minister Parminder Singh Dhindsa late in the evening. Rather did not elaborate on the nature of the progress.
Hectic negotiations had begun on Wednesday between central and state officials to break the logjam.
The talks appeared to go off rails with states seemingly unmoved by Jaitley having announced on the day before the release of Rs 11,000 crore to states as the first tranche toward compensation in lieu of the cut in central sales tax rates, a key stumbling block for years.
Delays in release of the compensation had created a trust deficit between the Centre and states that Jaitley sought to address.
"There is no consensus between the Centre and states on these three things (compensation issue, petrol tax and entry tax). The empowered committee is not supporting the Bill without these three things," Rather had said earlier.
GST is India's most far-reaching tax reform and aims to integrate the country into a common market by dismantling fiscal and geographical barriers between states.
A National Institute of Public Finance and Policy team tasked by a sub-group of the empowered committee of state FMs to recommend a revenue-neutral rate has suggested as many as 16 rates of GST envisaging different scenarios.
The rates suggested in the latest study are 14%, 16%, 20%, 24% and 27%. The final decision on this will be taken by the GST council to be constituted after the passage of the constitutional amendment Bill.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New reforms in the Insurance Bill may shake up old joint venturesNew reforms in the Insurance Bill may shake up old joint ventures
Shilpy Arora, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
economy
(Large life insurance companies…)
MUMBAI: The amendments to insurance law are unlikely to make all stakeholders happy, particularly since joint venture agreements which were signed over a decade ago may not be honoured under the revised norms. "If the two promoters had agreed upon a certain route — whether FDI or FII as per the joint venture agreement subject to the valuation rules of the land — then there is case of a conflict," said Shashwat Sharma, partner at financial services firm KPMG .
Large life insurance companies , which do not need to raise capital for business growth, could face a problem while choosing whether to divest stake and through which mode and at what valuation. If the JV agreement is not to increase stake at fair value, then the Reserve Bank of India may not approve of the transaction.
"Conflict between joint venture partners will be more evident now on issues like valuation, sale of shares through primary market or secondary market or IPO," said Abizer Diwanji, partner and national leader, financial services at global consultancy EY.
The Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority has estimated an additional capital need of Rs 44,500 crore in life insurance and Rs 10,500 crore in the non-life insurance sector over the next five years. "Any decision of divesting a stake will be taken by the promoters.
We are adequately capitalised and do not require any funding ," said Sandeep Batra, executive director, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company. The life insurance sector has witnessed a compounded annual growth of 18.42% while non-life insurance sector has grown 16.62% in the past 14 years.
Under the proposed amendments, the management team in an insurance firm will have to function under the board which is dominated by the Indian promoter even as foreign promoters in at least three-four insurance companies in need of capital are expected to increase stake to fund growth.
Penetration of insurance industry has grown at a steady pace since the industry was privatised in 2000, when the penetration, defined as the ratio of insurance premium to the GDP, was 2.71%.
This rose to 4% at the end of March 2012. For the past two years, life insurance penetration has been falling.
Non-life insurance has grown at almost an equal rate as the Indian economy hovering in the range of 0.60%-0.78% over the past decade.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FDI in insurance: Let foreign partners have majority controlDecember 12, 2014, 7:14 am IST ET Edit in ET Editorials | India | ET
0
The foreign direct investment (FDI) limit in insurance joint ventures is slated to go up from 26% to 49%, Parliament willing. But majority ownership and tightly defined control — the right to appoint a majority of directors or to control the management or policy decisions including by virtue of their shareholding or management rights or shareholder agreements or voting rights — must stay with Indians. This could stunt some insurance ventures, at least. The industry needs lots of capital to grow, and the need is to allow foreign partners have majority control. Premiums paid by policyholders rest on the books of insurance companies, and prudential norms mandate insurers to provide for more capital as premium collections go up.
A majority 51% stake will enable foreign partners to consolidate their accounts, and make it attractive for their boards to sanction higher investments in India. The FDI limit in the banking sector is 74%, though voting rights are capped at 10%. Why fear majority foreign ownership in insurance?
Subsuming portfolio investments in the 49% cap is welcome, but incremental reform. It will help some insurers list on the stock exchange, and allow foreign investors to exit after selling their stakes to a portfolio investor.
Indian promoters, too, have the opportunity to divest a part of their stake: FDI levels can be raised without issuing new equity, meaning existing shares can be sold to foreign investors. The larger point is that the performance of private insurers has been below potential due to the economic slowdown. A liberal FDI limit will strengthen the sector, enable insurers write more business in an underinsured country like India.
Independently, the Cabinet’s decision to release money to compensate states for reduction in the central sales tax (CST), a tax on interstate sales collected and appropriated by the state where the sale originates, is welcome. Ideally, CST should be abolished with the rollout of the goods and services tax to remove barriers to seamless movement of goods across states.
This piece appeared as an editorial opinion in the print edition of The Economic Times.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Retail inflation cools further in Nov to 4.3%Retail inflation cools further in Nov to 4.3%
K. R. Srivats
The Consumer Price Index based inflation for November cooled down further to 4.3 percent from a level of 5.52 percent, mainly led by food inflation, which fell to 3.1 percent in November as against 5.59 percent in the previous month.
New Delhi, Dec 12:  
The Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation for November cooled down further to 4.3 percent from a level of 5.52 percent.
The decline has been led by food inflation, which fell to 3.1 percent in November as against 5.59 percent in the previous month.
While rural inflation for November came in at 4.09 percent (5.52 percent in previous month), urban inflation stood at 4.69 percent (5.55 percent in October).
Economists do not see the RBI going in for any policy rate cut for now despite the cooling of retail inflation.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Oct IIP logs sharpest fall in two years at 4.2% y-o-yUpdate: October IIP contracts to 4.2% y-o-y on poor manufacturing output
Manoj Kumar     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 19:14 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
October industrial production contracted by 4.2 per cent to log the sharpest decline in at least two years, dashing hopes of recovery, on poor performance by the manufacturing sector and dip in the output of capital as well as consumer goods.
The factory output, as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), had declined by 1.2 per cent in the corresponding month in the 2013-14 financial year.
For September, IIP data was revised to 2.8 per cent from the provisional estimates of 2.5 per cent released in November, according to the data released by the Central Statistics Office (CSO) on Friday.
During the April-October period, IIP rose 1.9 per cent, as against 0.2 per cent in same period of FY14.
Manufacturing output, which constitutes over 75 per cent of the index, contracted by 7.6 per cent in October, compared to a dip of 1.3 per cent in the year-ago month.
For April-October, the sector saw an output growth of 0.7 per cent, compared to a contraction 0.1 per cent in the corresponding period of the 2013-14 financial year.
The production of capital goods, a barometer of demand, declined by 2.3 per cent in October, as against a growth of 2.5 per cent in corresponding reporting month.
During April-October period, the output of capital goods grew by 4.8 per cent as against a dip in production by 0.2 per cent.
The consumer goods output too contracted by 18.6 per cent in October as against a decline in output at 5 per cent logged in October of FY14.
For April-October FY15, the segment showed a contraction of 6.3 per cent, compared to a decline of 1.7 per cent in the same period of 2013-14.
Overall, 16 of the 22 industry groups in manufacturing showed negative growth in October.

Bizarre Subway Doodles Transform New York Into A Fantastically Weird Placereddit
Monday through Friday, Ben Rubin takes the subway from Park Slope, Brooklyn, where he lives, to his Manhattan office. The commute takes him about an hour, he says, which gives him “ample time for doodling."
The mastermind behind Instagram's aptly-named Subway Doodle , Rubin uses his time on the train to create drawings that fantastically reimagine everyday life in New York City. There's the grotesque one of a severed head under a subway seat, or the bizarre one of a giant who's fallen on a New York neighborhood.
His drawings also include a green, horned monster leering at kids in the West Village and Yoda hanging around outside a senior citizens' center in Brooklyn. From the twisted to the cute, the fanciful to the weird, it seems Rubin’s got doodles to satisfy every palate.
A photo posted by Subway Doodle (@subwaydoodle) on
Nov 11, 2014 at 8:44am PST
A photo posted by Subway Doodle (@subwaydoodle) on
Dec 12, 2014 at 6:37am PST
A photo posted by Subway Doodle (@subwaydoodle) on
Oct 10, 2014 at 7:49am PDT
Rubin -- who, by day, works for AMC Networks -- says he adopted the habit of drawing on his iPad while on the subway a few years ago.
"It's a relaxing way to pass the time on the train, just listening to music and drawing," he told The Huffington Post in an email. "At first I drew random pictures. Then, one day, I took a picture with the iPad camera and started drawing on the picture. It soon became a daily habit -- get on the train, take a picture, doodle on it."
Rubin says he started off only drawing on pictures he took on the subway, but he's since expanded his repertoire to include images taken out and about in the Big Apple. He says he also sometimes collaborates with other Instagram photographers.
A photo posted by Subway Doodle (@subwaydoodle) on
Nov 11, 2014 at 8:53am PST
A photo posted by Subway Doodle (@subwaydoodle) on
Dec 12, 2014 at 9:01am PST
"Growing up, I wanted to be a cartoonist," Rubin told HuffPost. "I'm essentially still drawing the same things I was drawing in the margins of my notebooks in high school -- monsters and superheroes."
As for where he gets his inspiration, the artist says he finds it "everywhere and anywhere," from the Godzilla movies he watched as a child on Saturday afternoons and the comic books he once collected, to the street art he sees daily in New York City.

Black money: SIT finds Rs 4 479cr in Swiss banksComments
In its first major disclosure on black money, the Special Investigation Team (SIT) has told the Supreme Court that 339 Indians have held Rs. 4,479 crore in secret Swiss bank accounts, while it has traced illegal cash inside the country so far worth Rs. 14,958 crore.
Black money case
In its second report, the Supreme Court-appointed SIT has also recommended far-reaching and substantive changes to combat the menace of black money, including a radical proposal to limit the holding of cash.
It favoured penalties for holding cash beyond “reasonable threshold, may be Rs. 10 lakh or Rs. 15 lakh” to “control transfer of unaccounted cash from one destination to other, which at present is rampant”.
“It is to be stated that a number of European countries bar any cash transaction above a particular limit. This can be done in India too.”
Authorities should be empowered to seize properties at home of Indians suspected of holding illegal assets abroad, the SIT has recommended.
It has also favoured making tax evasion of over Rs. 50 lakh a ‘predicate offence’ or a serious crime to facilitate necessary action under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
It recommended mandatory quoting of PAN for cash and cheque payments over Rs. 1 lakh and flagged off mining, ponzi schemes, iron ore exports, misuse of export- import route as major areas prone to black money transactions.
On the HSBC list, the SIT said that the 427 actionable cases involve an amount of about Rs. 4,479 crore. The entire list received from France comprised 628 persons and entities out of which 201 are either non-residents or non-traceable, leaving 427 persons’ cases as actionable cases.
Only 339 persons had balances in their accounts, 289 had zero balance.
“The department has finalized assessment of 79 assessees (involving more than 300 assessments). An amount of Rs. 2,926 crore has been brought to tax towards the undisclosed balances in the accounts relating to these persons,” the report said.
The report stated that the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) has recovered about Rs. 117 crore in cases relating to export of iron ore while in other categories of trades, investigation is pending in 33 cases where about Rs. 14,958 crore could be involved.

5-year-old girl dies after falling off swing in park; NDMC ordes inquiryCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
A five-year-old daughter of a domestic help of a NDMC councillor, died after falling off a swing in a park in Moti Nagar area, officials said today.
The victim identified as Reena was playing on a swing in a park located in west Delhi’s Moti Nagar area in NDMC’s Karol Bagh Zone yesterday afternoon when she fell from it and suffered a head injury, a senior NDMC official said.
“The girl was rushed to a nearby hospital where she declared brought dead,” area councillor Surinder Kaur said.
Kaur, for whom the victim’s mother works as a domestic help, said she is extending all help to the victim’s family.
“I am extending all kinds of help including financial one and whatever the victim’s mother’s asks of me, we will assist her in that,” Kaur said.
Following the incident, the Municipal Commissioner has suspended five officials and a probe has been ordered by him int othe case, the NDMC official said.
Deputy director, assistant director, section officer, Chaudhary and gardener of the horticulture department of the concerned zone have been placed under suspension, pending inquiry, Gupta was quoted as saying in a statement by the NDMC.
The Commissioner has given directions to all the concerned departments to inspect playing apparatus swings in parks and schools immediately, it said.
Resident Welfare Associations have also been appealed to complain to the local body if they notice any of the playing apparatus swings as dangerous.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Initiate buy on SKS Microfin as growth potential highStreet sees good show after stellar year
Initiate ‘buy’ coverage on SKS Microfinance with price target of R500 per share. Due to the strong growth potential and high ROE, SKS Microfinance is one of our preferred NBFC picks (the others are LIC Housing Finance and Shriram Transport Finance).
After consolidating over FY11-13, non-banking micro-finance companies (NBFC-MFIs) have resumed their growth trajectory, with loan growth of 40%+ in FY14 and H1 FY15. We expect low micro-finance penetration and a rising market share for NBFC-MFIs to support a loan CAGR of 25%+ for the sector over the medium term. SKS Microfinance is the second-largest NBFC-MFI by loan book (and the only listed micro-finance company), and has a diversified loan book and national presence. We expect a 32% CAGR in assets under management (AUM) over FY15-17.
We expect an FY15-17 operating expenses CAGR of only 19% for SKS, driven by higher efficiency. We estimate a tax rate of about 5% in FY15, rising to the minimum alternate tax rate (currently 21%) over FY16-19e. Despite the higher tax rate, we expect an FY15-17 EPS CAGR of 66% and forecast ROA/ROE to improve from 2.8%/16% in FY14 to 7.1%/24% in FY17.
The key risks to our view are adverse regulatory actions and political intervention. However, we believe the potential for adverse regulations such as those in Andhra Pradesh is low.
UBS
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Raghuram Rajan favours desi market for Make in India productsStreet sees good show after stellar year
Showing yet again his willingness to diverge from the government’s views if required, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Raghuram Rajan on Monday sought to re-define the much-touted “Make in India” campaign, saying the world might not accommodate another “export-led China”, adding, instead, Indian manufacturing should rely on huge and expanding needs of the domestic market.
At a time when the government is looking to attract more foreign investment, Rajan has suggested budgetary incentives for household savings to ensure the country’s investment is largely financed from domestic savings. “The income-tax benefits for an individual to save have been largely fixed in nominal terms till the recent Budget, which means the real value of the benefits have eroded,” he said justifying his suggestion.
Delivering the Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture organised by industry body Ficci, Rajan, who has braved a crescendo of criticism against the perceived delay in starting monetary easing, said a central bank focused primarily on keeping inflation low and stable would ensure the best conditions for growth.
“In reacting to developments, however, the RBI has to recognise that emerging markets are not as resilient as industrial economies. So the path of disinflation cannot be as steep as in an industrial economy because an emerging market is more fragile, and people’s buffers and safety nets are thinner.” he said.
Rajan said that RBI, going forward, will discuss an appropriate timeline with the government in which the economy should move to the centre of the medium term inflation band of 2-6%.
The consumer price inflation dropped to 4.38% in November — the lowest since inception of the relevant index in January 2012. It was 5.52% in October. Wholesale price index inflation had decelerated at its fastest pace in five years at 1.77% in October — compared with 2.38% in the previous month. The latest industrial production data, which showed a negative growth of 4.2%  in October, added to the pessimism about the economy. In its recent monetary policy review, the RBI had maintained the repo rate at 8% as it keeps an eye on the January 2016 CPI inflation target.
Pitching for the concept of “Make for India”, Rajan said: “If external demand growth is likely to be muted, we have to produce for the internal market. This means we have to work on creating the strongest sustainable unified market we can, which requires a reduction in the transactions costs of buying and selling throughout the country.” Stressing that he was not advocating export pessimism, Rajan said he was cautioning against picking up manufacturing for encouragement, simply because it has worked well for China.
“India is different, and developing at a different time, and we should be agnostic about what will work. Instead of subsidising inputs to specific industries because they are deemed important or labour intensive, a strategy that has not really paid off for us over the years, let us figure out the public goods each sector needs, and strive to provide them,” he said.
On foreign investment, he said India should not be railroaded into compromising its interest to attract FDI. However, he said if the government makes it easier for young Indian companies to do business, it will also be making it easier for foreign companies to invest, “for after all both are outsiders to the system.”
“This means a transparent and quick legal process to deal with contractual disputes, and a proper system of bankruptcy to deal with distress. Both are issues the government has taken on,” he said.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Facebook doesnt love the idea of a dislike buttonBy: Agence-France Presse | San Francisco |
Posted: December 13, 2014 11:10 am
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg wants people to be able to quickly express broader ranges of feelings at the leading online social network, but a “dislike” button doesn’t make the cut.
During a question-and-answer session with an audience at the Facebook headquarters in Northern California, available online on Friday, Zuckerberg gave a thumbs-down to the idea of a button to register disdain for posts at the social network.
“That’s not something that we think is good for the world,” Zuckerberg said, expressing concern that “like” and “dislike” buttons could turn into a voting system to judge posts.
“The thing that I think is very valuable is that there are more sentiments that people want to express.”
While Facebook’s well-known thumbs-up “like” buttons let people easily show support or enthusiasm for posts, some folks think the sentiment seems off-target for somber subjects such as news of death or other sadness in the lives of friends.
“We are talking about a right way for people to easily express a broader array of emotions,” Zuckerberg said, giving examples such as empathy, surprise, or laughter.
No changes along those lines were on the immediate horizon.
“We need to figure out the right way to do it so that it is a force for good and not a force for bad in demeaning the posts that people are putting out there.”
Facebook would also risk irking advertisers by giving members a quick way to tag marketing messages with “dislikes,” according to analysts.
Zuckerberg noted that Facebook members are free to comment on posts, but can wind up feeling pressured to be witty or insightful.

Saradha scam: BJP demands Mamata s resignationCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
The Opposition on Friday came down heavily on West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) demanding her resignation over the arrest of state transport minister Madan Mitra in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chitfund scam.
BJP national secretary Siddharth Nath Singh said the investigation was slowly leading to Banerjee’s doorstep and Madan Mitra’s arrest showed the TMC leadership was neck deep in the multi-crore scam.
“It is time for Mamata Banerjee to resign taking moral responsibility. Mitra’s arrest shows that the TMC leadership is neck deep in the Saradha scam and the dots are leading to Mamata Banerjee’s doorstep,” Singh told PTI.
“While addressing a rally last year Mamata Banerjee had said is Kunal a thief, is Madan a thief, is Srinjoy a thief, is Mukul a thief, am I a thief?
Now Kunal, Srinjoy and Madan are behind bars. It is Bhag Madan Bhag in 2014. It will be Bhag Mukul Bhag in 2015 and Bhag Mamata Bhag in 2016,” Singh told a news channel later.
Leader of Opposition in the state Assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra demanded immediate interrogation of the Chief Minister including others in the Saradha scam.
“Mamata Banerjee should be quizzed immediately in the Saradha scam,” Mishra, a CPI(M) Politburo member, said.
CPI(M) MP Mohammed Salim said, “Madan Mitra is not only a minister, but also a close aide of Mamata Banerjee. He was also a poster boy of the TMC in organising goons and youths for rallies.”
“Now the people of Bengal are getting impatient. They want more culprits to be arrested in the Saradha scam. Saradha owner and TMC top leadership were operating as a joint venture in Bengal,” he claimed.
With several sports clubs deciding to hit the streets against the arrest of Madan Mitra, BJP state president Rahul Sinha said the CBI should also look into the accounts of these clubs.
“It is well known that Saradha money was given to various clubs and when these clubs are hitting the streets against this latest arrest, then there is something wrong. CBI should look into their accounts too,” he said.
Congress leader Abdul Mannan also demanded an explanation from Mamata Banerjee for Mitra’s arrest and resign.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Time ripe for a rate cut Oct IIP data worst...Time ripe for a rate cut? October IIP data worst in 3 years; Nov CPI eases to 4.38%
ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 05.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(On Wednesday, Rajan had…)
NEW DELHI: RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may have to seriously consider a rate cut ahead of the next monetary policy announcement, which is due in February, with industrial production seemingly in dire straits and retail inflation slowing further.
The Index of Industrial Production (IIP) unexpectedly contracted 4.2 per cent in October, the worst in three years, because of a collapse in manufacturing, data released by the statistics office on Friday showed, underlining fragile consumer sentiment and weak investments. The simultaneously released Consumer Price Index revealed a further slowing in inflation to 4.38 per cent in November — well below RBI's 6 per cent target for Jan 2016.
On Wednesday, Rajan had said interest rate action alone won't lift the economy after lawmakers, backed by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, called for cuts. But he may find it hard to justify why such a stimulus, for whatever it's worth, should be denied to the economy with inflation easing. A global slowdown that has already impacted India's exports has added to concerns.
"This is really a loud wakeup call for Rajan to cut rates immediately and for the finance minister to get on with reforms. How much further will Rajan want industry to contract before easing rates?" asked Rajiv Kumar, senior fellow, Centre for Policy and Research, calling for an immediate out-of-policy-cycle rate cut.
Rajan did not cut rates at the last review on December 2, standing firm against demands by industry and suggestions to this effect by the government. But he did say that rates could be cut early in the new year if inflation continued to slow, adding that a mid-cycle review was also possible. The next monetary policy review is scheduled for February 3, 2015.
On Wednesday, Jaitley said in the Lok Sabha that lower interest rates will encourage people to buy homes after some members asked why Rajan was not cutting them.
Base Effect in Inflation
The Indian economy expanded 5.3 per cent in the July-September quarter, slower than 5.7 per cent in the preceding one, raising fears that recovery was faltering after two years of below-5 per cent expansion. The latest IIP numbers will add to those concerns.
Some analysts have already cut growth forecasts for the year after the poor second quarter data and may further pare estimates. "A whole bunch of indicators besides periodic blips suggest that the industrial sector is in the doldrums. Though we might see base effect in inflation... time for rate cut is imminent," said Abheek Barua, consultant at think tank ICRIER.
  The industrial production numbers contained a preponderance of negatives — 16 out of 22 manufacturing sub-sectors contracted in October, with the most significant fall seen in the radio, TV and communication equipment segment at 70.2 per cent, despite the festive season. The motor vehicles and transport segment contracted by 9.8 per cent.
"It is disappointing, more so because October is one of the peak spending months when rural incomes increase and two festivals should have prompted consumer spending. It does appear more was spent on gold," said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist, Care Ratings.
Overall, manufacturing contracted 7.2 per cent in October while consumer durables production fell 35.2 per cent from a year ago, indicating a deep slump in consumer appetite. This is the worst manufacturing growth since February 2009.
A strong 13.3 per cent rise in electricity generation and a 5.2 per cent increase in mining output pulled up the overall numbers, but did little to dispel the gloom. With consumer inflation declining further, the case for keeping interest rates unchanged has weakened.
Industry again pushed for rate cuts. "It not only reflects a slowdown in investments but also the deep-rooted slackness in consumer demand, which requires bringing down the interest rates urgently," said Sidhartha Birla, president, Ficci.
November's core CPI inflation eased further to 5.5 per cent from 5.85 per cent in October. Food inflation fell sharply to 3.1 per cent from 5.59 per cent However, some experts called for caution on inflation arguing that the base effect had magnified the drop and that the benefit will not be available from December.
"The distinct moderation in CPI inflation to 4.4 per cent is admittedly a good sign for the economy; however, this has been on the back of a high base effect last year. It comes over the highest CPI inflation of 11.2 per cent last year," Care Ratings said, adding that the cushion will not be available in the months ahead.
Add to this the generally volatile and undependable nature of IIP data and rate-cut expectations may be discounted by the market, experts said. Rajan has always said he won't ease up on the price front until the battle against inflation is well and truly won.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Twin deficits can be tamed with more imaginative steps: ManmohanHi Guest
Twin deficits can be tamed with more imaginative steps: Manmohan
Former prime minister Manmohan Singh said India is poised to take advantage of globalisation and engage in trade to finance its imports through exports. Amid the government struggling to rein in the issue of twin deficits - of current account and fiscal deficits — despite the recent drop in global crude oil prices, former prime minister Manmohan Singh on Friday said the problem could be tackled with a more imaginative approach. “Fall in oil prices all over the world is the talk of ...

IS Twitter account operator arrested by Bengaluru policeBengaluru police arrest pro-IS Twitter account operator
Press Trust of India | Bengaluru Dec 13, 2014 03:13 PM IST
The alleged handler of the "most influential" pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account, an electrical engineer employed with a multinational firm here, was arrested from an apartment in the city in the early hours today. 
Mehdi Masroor Biswas has "confessed" that he was handling the pro-jihad tweeter "@ShamiWitness" and he was particularly close to English-speaking ISIS terrorists, Karnataka DGP L Pachau told reporters here. 
An engineer working as "manufacturing executive" with a multinational company for an annual package of Rs 5.3 lakh, he became "a source of incitement and information" for the new ISIS recruits, Pachau said. 
Biswas, hailing from West Bengal, had admitted to operating "@ShamiWitness" twitter account for the last many years, he said, announcing the breakthrough along with Bengaluru Police Commissioner M N Reddi. 
Cases had been registered against Mehdi under various provisions of IPC, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act, Reddi said. 
Pachau said Mehdi had more than 17,000 followers on Twitter and used to "ferociously" tweet by aggregating information and closely watching developments of the region. 
The Bengaluru Police had launched a manhunt for Mehdi after Britain's Channel 4 News had aired the report regarding the country's IT capital's link with the Twitter account that is followed by foreign jihadis. 
Channel 4 News had said its investigation had revealed that the man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive in Bangalore working for an Indian conglomerate.

Bangalore police detain pro-Islamic State Twitter handle operator Mehdi BiswasWritten by Johnson T A | Bangalore |
Posted: December 13, 2014 11:59 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 4:17 am
Twenty-four-year-old manufacturing executive Mehdi Masroor Biswas was never associated with the Islamic State (IS), but had gathered knowledge about the group by spending hours aggregating information about its campaign in the Middle East, Bangalore Police Commissioner M N Reddi said on Saturday.
READ:   Mehdi Biswas’ father says he is not aware of arrest
Masroor put out this knowledge on the Twitter handle @ShamiWitness, which was followed by the top fighters of the IS and other jihadis.
Masroor, who was outed by the UK’s Channel 4 as the individual behind @ShamiWitness on Friday, was arrested from his one-room apartment in Ayyappanagar in Jalahalli area of North Bangalore in the early hours of Saturday. He has confessed to running the Twitter account, Reddi said.
READ:  His pro-Islamic State Twitter handle traced, man in Bangalore says he fears police
Hours before Masroor was picked up, The Indian Express spoke to him over the phone from Kolkata. He said he had spoken to Channel 4, but had lied — and that he was not @ShamiWitness. He also said he was afraid the police would beat him.
READ:  Agencies find no direct link between @ShamiWitness, IS 
The Twitter handles of nearly a dozen pro-IS Indian-origin supporters, however, remained relatively silent on the arrest.
Investigators seized two mobile phones and a laptop from Masroor’s residence, and efforts were on to obtain the computer log to verify the electronic links between him and the @ShamiWitness Twitter handle. Police were seeking the co-operation of Twitter, the commissioner said.
Masroor has been booked under IPC section 125, which defines “waging war against any Asiatic power in alliance with the Government of India” as an offence with a maximum punishment of seven years in jail and fine. NIA invoked the same section against Mumbai youth Areeb Majeed, who recently returned after reportedly training with and fighting alongside the IS in Iraq and Syria.
Masroor has also been booked under section 39 of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, 2004 for supporting a terrorist organisation, and section 66 of the IT Act, 2000 for computer-related offences.
Police sources involved with the interrogation described Masroor as “very emotionally invested in the cause of Islam”, and obsessed with posting from the handle. “The @ShamiWitness account seemed to have become his main cause in life. He was so consumed by it that he did not have much of a life beyond his work and the Internet,” said a top source. He had no social life, and no girlfriend, the source said.
“But he did not take any concrete step to actually join the outfit,” the officer added.
Commissioner Reddi said Masroor “was not directly involved with the Islamic State, but he was also not a mere sympathiser”. “He operated exclusively on the Internet. He was not linked to Indian terrorist activities,” Reddi said.
Mehdi who came to Bangalore from West Bengal in 2012 to work as a manufacturing executive earning Rs 5.3 lakh per annum, spent hours on the Internet looking at information on jihadi activities in the Middle East, police said. He allegedly aggregated information put out in Arabic and translated it into English using online translation tools, before tweeting it. He also tweeted his own interpretations of events and situations, Reddi said.
“He got interested in the Levant or al-Shams region consisting of countries like Turkey, Syria, Iraq and Lebanon from 2009. He would be active on the Internet late into the night. He took a 60 GB monthly Internet connection, and used to read all breaking news websites related to the Islamic State,” Reddi said.
According to the police, Masroor became close to English-speaking jihadis of the IS, and a source of incitement and information for new recruits. “Through his social media propaganda he abetted ISIS in its agenda to wage war against the Asiatic powers,” the police said.
Investigators said Masroor appeared to have been confident that he would never be detected. After being outed, he made no attempt to run, but he \deleted all records of his links to the @ShamiWitness account from his computer logs before police arrived at his apartment.
Masroor’s alleged confession that he was @ShamiWitness will not alone be sufficient for police to build a case in court against him. Masroor, a qualified engineer, is believed to have used proxy servers to camouflage his identity and location while putting out messages on Twitter over the past few years.
“He believes he has not done anything illegal in India. He did not tweet messages targeting India,” an officer said.

Shimla experiences seasons first snowfallBy: Express News Service | Shimla |
Posted: December 13, 2014 11:45 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 6:23 pm
Famous hill destination Shimla and its nearby tourists spots –Kufri , Fagu, Naldehra and Narkanda on December 14 received season’s first and an early snowfall bringing cheers among locals and tourists planning their weekend at the hill stations in Himachal Pradesh.
The snowfall, as predicted by the Shimla centre of the Meterological started early this morning at Kufri,Narkanda and Fagu beside places like Kharapathar and soon Shimla also received snowflakes coupled with shower during the day.
This has raised the hopes for a ‘White Christmas’ in Shimla—a thing of past for erstwhile capital of the British Raj days in India.
The movement of the vehicles was affected in places like Kufri, strangling many passengers, especially those travelling by bus.
Last year Shimla did not receive its first snow flakes until December 23.
Reports of early snowfall were a joyful surprise for those who were visiting Shimla and Manali. However, those travelling all the way up to Rohtang pass were stranded mid-way until the roads were cleared and they could be brought back safely.
Director Meteorological centre, Shimla, Dr Manmohan Singh said a good snowfall is predicted for Shimla on December 14 and 15 along with other parts of the state.
“Light, rain and snow occurred at isolated places over the state during last 24 hours and even on Sunday heavy snowfall may occur at isolated places in Shimla, Kullu, Kinnaur, Lahaul and Spiti and Chamba districts of the state. Kalpa, Sangla and Reckong Peo also experienced heavy snowfall”, said Manmohan Singh.
The lowest temperature recorded at Keylong was -3.0°C and highest at Una 22.4°C.
The lower areas of Himachal Pradesh have also received rainfall which broke a prolonged dry spell in the state.
Calling the snowfall a good news, Director Tourism Mohan Singh said, “we are certainly happy with the early snowfall in Himachal Pradesh. If it continues for another two days, it will add to the existing occupancy of the weekend tourists. The HPDTC has done very well during the year posting a higher turn-over of Rs 5 crores as compared to previous year. We hope to consolidate the gains during the winter season if snowfall doesn’t disappoint.”

Set aside hate  Chinas President Xi Jinping says on Nanjing Massacre anniversaryBy: Reuters | Beijing |
Posted: December 13, 2014 10:59 am
China and Japan should set aside hatred and not allow the minority who led Japan to war to affect relations now, Chinese President Xi Jinping said on Saturday, as the country marked its first national memorial day for the Nanjing Massacre.
China and Japan have long sparred over their painful history. China consistently reminds its people of the 1937 massacre in which it says Japanese troops killed 300,000 people in its then capital.
A postwar Allied tribunal put the death toll at 142,000, but some conservative Japanese politicians and scholars deny a massacre took place at all.
Ties had deteriorated sharply over the past year following Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s visit to the Yasukuni Shrine honouring war criminals among Japan’s war dead. The two are also involved in a spat over islets in the East China Sea.
But both countries, mindful of the economic stakes, reached agreement last month to try to reset ties during an ice-breaking meeting between Xi and Abe in Beijing.
Speaking at a memorial in the eastern city of Nanjing, a sombre Xi said that while history must never be forgotten, the future was just as important.
“The reason we are having a memorial for the Nanjing Massacre victims is to recall that all good-hearted people yearn for and hold fast to peace, not to prolong hatred,” Xi said, in comments carried live on state television.
“The people of China and Japan should pass on friendship from generation to generation,” he added.
“Forgetting history is a betrayal, and denying a crime is to repeat a crime. We should not hate a people just because a small minority of militarists set off an invasion and war. “… but nobody at any time should forget the severe crimes of the invaders.”
Doves to signify peace flew overhead once Xi, wearing a white flower on his lapel to signify mourning, finished speaking. Next year is the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two, and China has already promised memorials, offering the potential for further Sino-Japanese friction.
In recent days, China has released heart-rending accounts of the violence from its archives.
“With the issue of history having become an unavoidable hurdle in Japan’s relations with neighbours, the best way for the island nation to proceed is sincere acknowledgement and repentance of its war-time past, rather than futile attempts to reject it,” the official Xinhua news agency said in a commentary.

Bengaluru police arrest executive allegedly behind pro-IS Twitter handleBengaluru MNC executive behind Islamic State's top Twitter account arrested
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi/Bengaluru, December 13, 2014
First Published: 11:12 IST(13/12/2014) | Last Updated: 21:00 IST(13/12/2014)
Comments
Bengaluru police have arrested Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the man allegedly behind terror group Islamic State’s (IS) most influential Twitter handle.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas has "confessed" he was handling the pro-IS tweeter "@ShamiWitness" and he was particularly close to English-speaking IS terrorists, Karnataka DGP L Pachau told reporters.
  
Bangalore police's investigating officer Hemant Nimbalkar writes on a photograph of Mehdi Masroor Biswas, in his police headquarters office in Bangalore (AP Photo)
He is religious but not a fanatic: Mehdi’s father
An engineer working as "manufacturing executive" with a Bengaluru-based multinational company for an annual package of Rs. 5.3 lakh, he became "a source of incitement and information" for the new ISIS recruits, Pachau said.
DGP Pachau,  along with Bengaluru Police Commissioner M N Reddi, announced the arrest a day after Biwas was identified by UK-based Channel 4 as the elusive handler of the pro-IS Twitter account.
Cases had been registered against Biswas under various provisions of IPC, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act, Reddi said.
.
CCB ON TOP: ISIS Tweeter ideologue Mehdi Masroor Biswas, 24, Engineer arrested at Bengaluru by Crime Branch (CCB)! pic.twitter.com/c8hspLtuvS
— JtCP Crime Bengaluru (@crimebangalore) December 13, 2014
Biswas, who is originally from West Bengal, used to run the Twitter account @ShamiWitness with  over 17,000 followers, “two-thirds of whom are foreign fighters” fighting for the IS in Iraq and Syria. His tweets were seen over 2 million times making him the “most influential twitter account” for the IS.
Son of a retired assistant engineer who worked with the West Bengal Electricity Board, Biswas was tracked to his house through his mobile phone which he did not attempt to switch off.
Biswas was interested in the Levantine region, also known as Eastern Mediterranean, consisting of Cyprus, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria and part of Southern Turkey from 2003 onwards, Pachau said.
Screen grab of the now deactivated @ShamiWitness Twitter account.
 
He used to work in the office during daytime and became active on the internet at nights, he said, adding, he had bought 60 GB Internet connection on monthly basis to read all breaking news on websites relating to ISIS/ISL.
    
Pachau said through his social media propaganda, Biswas abetted ISIL in its agenda to wage war against Asiatic powers.
Watch: ISIS twitter case: Accused arrested by police, confesses operating account since many years
Channel 4 exposed Biswas
Biswas was careful in hiding his true identity and was confident that it would never get revealed, the state police chief said. "His identity was exposed by Channel 4 and inputs  were passed on to the Indian agencies."
In its report, 'Channel 4' Friday said the man operating the account had been able to remain anonymous "until now" and avoiding questions about his role in the Islamic State's propaganda war.
The channel said its investigation had, however, revealed that the  man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive with an Indian conglomerate in Bengaluru.
The report had not however revealed Mehdi's full name as he said his life would be in danger. The account was shut down after the report surfaced.
    

R Systems International to consider fourth interim dividendDec 13, 2014, 11.28 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
R Systems International to consider fourth interim dividend
With reference to earlier announcement dated December 11, 2014 regarding Board Meeting on Dec 20, 2014 to consider buyback of equity shares, R Systems International has informed that, the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting shall also consider the declaration of fourth interim dividend, if any, for the year 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
R Systems International to consider fourth interim dividend
With reference to earlier announcement dated December 11, 2014 regarding Board Meeting on Dec 20, 2014 to consider buyback of equity shares, R Systems International has informed that, the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting shall also consider the declaration of fourth interim dividend, if any, for the year 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
With reference to earlier announcement dated December 11, 2014 regarding Board Meeting on December 20, 2014 to consider Buy-back of equity shares, R Systems International Ltd has now informed BSE that, the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting scheduled on December 20, 2014 in addition to the other business items, shall also consider the declaration of fourth interim dividend , if any, for the year 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Future Consumer Enterprise: Outcome of board meetingDec 13, 2014, 11.28 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Future Consumer Enterprise: Outcome of board meeting
Future Consumer Enterprise Ltd has informed BSE about Outcome of Board Meeting held on December 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Future Consumer Enterprise: Outcome of board meeting
Future Consumer Enterprise Ltd has informed BSE about Outcome of Board Meeting held on December 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Future Consumer Enterprise Ltd has informed BSE about Outcome of Board Meeting held on December 12, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Indians on black money list had Rs 4 479 cr abroadHi Guest
Black Money: Names on HSBC list held Rs 4,479 cr in Swiss banks
(SIT) in its second report submitted to the Supreme Court has revealed that persons on the HSBC list held Rs. 4,479 crores in Swiss banks. In an official statement released by the SIT, it said that out of 628 names on the HSBC list received from France, 201 ...

Uber case: Changes in law to accomodate online taxi servicesUber case: Changes in law to accomodate online taxi services
Warner Century Powers Oz to Big Lead  Leaving India With Plenty to DoWarner Century Powers Oz to Big Lead  Leaving India With Plenty to Do
52 new drugs under price control mechanism52 new drugs under price control mechanism
India 205/2 at tea  need 159 more to winIndia 205/2 at tea  need 159 more to win
The Appointment with Ulrich Spiesshofer  ABBKunj Bansal of Centrum Wealth Management is upbeat on the PSU banking space and would be a buyer in them.  He thinks there is more value in PSU banks than private sector banks....
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

Xiaomi banned from selling smartphones in IndiaXiaomi banned from selling smartphones in India
Reuters –  Thu 11 Dec, 2014
Three models of China's Xiaomi Mi phones are pictured during their launch in …
By Aman Shah
MUMBAI (Reuters) - The Delhi High Court has ordered Xiaomi Technology Co Ltd to temporarily stop selling its smartphones in India in a case related to patent infringements that telecom equipment maker Ericsson  had filed against the Chinese company.
Xiaomi, whose low-priced but feature-rich smartphones have made it the biggest smartphone vendor in China, sells its phones exclusively through online retailer Flipkart.com in India, the world's third largest smartphone market.
Both Xiaomi and Flipkart.com have been ordered by the Delhi High Court in an order on Wednesday to stop selling the devices until Feb 5, when it is due to hear the case, according to the court documents seen by Reuters.
Xiaomi entered India in July this year and has been a huge hit among customers in a market that has at least 80 different phone makers including Samsung Electronics Co Ltd <005930.KS> and a bunch of home-grown companies.
India is an attractive market for cheap smartphones, as more people are now able to afford a smartphone, often for the first time. Just 10 percent of the India's population currently owns a smartphone, brokerage Nomura said in a recent research note, and that figure is likely to double over the next four years.
Xiaomi in October became the world's third-largest maker of  smartphones, just three years after first hitting the market, trailing only Samsung and Apple Inc .
The Delhi High Court also asked both Xiaomi and Flipkart.com to provide details of the devices sold so far in India that are compliant with the 3G, EDGE and AMR technologies and the revenue earned from the sale of the devices.
Ericsson, in a statement, said on Thursday it had to take legal action against Xiaomi in India for using its technology in its smartphone devices without paying it a licensing fee.
"To continue investing in research and enabling the development of new ideas, new standards and new platforms to the industry, we must obtain a fair return on our R&D investments," the Swedish company said.
The chief of Xiaomi's India operations told Reuters the company had yet to receive an official notice from the Delhi High Court and that it was willing to work with Ericsson to resolve the issue "amicably".
"Our legal team is currently evaluating the situation based on the information we have," said Xiaomi's Manu Jain. He did not give details about the case.
Flipkart also said it was yet to receive an official notice and would work with Xiaomi and the authorities.
(Aditional reporting by Suchitra Mohanty in NEW DELHI and Jeremy Wagstaff in SINGAPORE; Writing by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Miral Fahmy and Mark Potter)
More on Tech Trends

Good intent not enough for good policyUpdated: December 12, 2014 01:56 IST
Good intent not enough for good policy
Rakesh Sood
government
In order to deliver on its promise of an independent nuclear programme, unencumbered by foreign pressure, and uphold the importance of nuclear power in India’s energy mix, the Modi government will have to find a way out of the impasse created by the present civil liability regime
The Indian Civil Liability for Nuclear Damage Act (CLNDA) of 2010 is a good example of how good intentions alone do not lead to good policy. After obtaining a historic waiver from the Nuclear Suppliers Group in 2008, which enabled India to engage in international civil nuclear commerce and acquire new technology for Gen 3 nuclear power plants, India adopted the CLNDA whose ambiguous provisions have adversely impacted expansion of nuclear power generation capacity. These provisions may be well intentioned but the open-ended liability law makes all vendors, domestic and international, reluctant to engage with the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd. (NPCIL). Since 2010, NPCIL has been unable to launch any new nuclear power project (Kudankulam 1&2 predate the CLNDA) and faces difficulties even in sourcing spares domestically for its indigenously designed Pressurised Heavy Water Reactors (PHWR).
Importance of targets
This reluctance has negative consequences because to sustain annual growth rates of 9 per cent till 2035, India’s power generation has to grow 6 to 7 times. From 225 GW of installed capacity today, covering thermal, hydel and renewables, it has to reach 1,200 GW by 2035. Nuclear generation accounting for 4.8 GW today could rise to 80 GW, which is consistent with India’s three-phase nuclear programme and the quest for long-term energy security. To meet this target, seven more indigenously designed PHWRs are expected to come on stream by 2017 taking capacity to 9 GW. In the second stage, with 10 Light Water Reactors set up with international collaborations (the United States, France and Russia), another 10 PHWRs and the proven prototype Fast Breeder Reactor, Indian nuclear generation should reach 30 GW, ready to transition to the third stage, based on the thorium generated U-233 cycle. However, the nuclear installed capacity remains static though capacity utilisation has gone up, thanks to imported uranium fuel.
The Bharatiya Janata Party’s election manifesto promised a “two-pronged independent nuclear program, unencumbered by foreign pressure and influence” and on the civilian side, reiterated the importance of nuclear power in India’s energy mix, while committing to “invest in India’s indigenous Thorium Technology Programme”. To deliver on this, the Modi government will have to find a way out of the impasse created by the present liability regime. It needs to be understood that this is necessary not in order to import Gen 3 reactors from foreign sources, but even if NPCIL chooses to follow the indigenous route because Indian vendors are equally concerned about the open-ended and ambiguous provisions of the CLNDA. Earlier, NPCIL included a “hold harmless” clause in its contract with Indian vendors absolving them of liability, but this is no longer possible after the CLNDA.
International liability regimes
A peculiarity about international nuclear liability law is the concept of “channelling.” In order to encourage its private sector to enter the nuclear power sector, the U.S. introduced “economic channelling” through the Price Anderson Act (1957) under which victims can initiate lawsuits against the power plant operator and other parties (designer, equipment vendors, etc), consistent with tort law. However, in order to make it easier for victims to claim compensation in case of an accident, the operator bears the entire financial liability burden and is obliged to take out omnibus insurance, to indemnify the vendors. The operator nevertheless enjoys right of recourse against designers, vendors, constructors, etc. In 1979, following the Three Mile Island accident, the victims sued the operator, the designer and the constructor. While settlement was done by the operator, the operator had sued the designer and this suit was settled out of court. Operators accepted economic channelling but with a financial ceiling and a limited time frame within which liability claims would be admissible. For the victim, the advantage was strict liability (the victim does not need to prove negligence), a single forum and a single applicable law.
However, when U.S. companies began exporting know-how and technology to Europe, they were not willing to bear liability for a nuclear accident in a foreign country. Harvard Law School and the Atomic Industrial Forum came up with a report promoting “legal channelling” and with the U.S. government’s support, this became the international norm beginning with the Paris Convention in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) in 1960, the Vienna Convention in the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in 1963 and the 1997 Convention on Supplementary Compensation (CSC). India signed the CSC but finds it difficult to ratify it because of inconsistency with domestic legislation.
Ambiguities in CLNDA
The key point in “legal channelling” is that victims can only sue the operator and no civil suits can be initiated by the victims or the operator against the vendors, designers or contractors, and, the law of torts is set aside. The rationale used in the Harvard Report was that post delivery, vendors lose control over their products and services and accidents could be caused on account of poor management. Incidentally, while the U.S. has been a strong promoter of “legal channelling” abroad, domestically, it has maintained “economic channelling” which retains applicability of tort law albeit in a modified manner.
The concept of “channelling” was justified on the grounds that the nuclear industry was in its infancy, insurance markets and pools were not well developed and open-ended tort law applicability would make insurance costs impossible to define. The situation is different today and there is a growing feeling that “legal channelling” is no longer needed. The CLNDA rejects channelling and introduces “supplier liability,” more in keeping with today’s thinking. However, while protecting the interests of the victims, it ends up making the notion of “supplier liability” somewhat infinite and open-ended, generating legitimate concerns on the part of the vendors, leading to the current impasse.
There are two contentious provisions in the CLNDA. Section 17 allows the operator (NPCIL at present) to have right of recourse for nuclear damage against a supplier on three counts — if it is provided in the contract, if it is on account of equipment having “latent or patent defects” or provision of “substandard services”, or if there has been intent to cause damage. The first and third counts are consistent with international regimes; the second provision raises questions. These terms are neither defined nor is there guidance as to what standards would apply in an Indian court. Further, analysis of reactor incidents has indicated that it is impossible to identify a particular component or equipment as the defective one which could lead to unending litigation. However, in order to safeguard the victims’ interests, the operator’s right of recourse only kicks in after payments for nuclear damage have been made. In other words, the CLNDA retains the strict and exclusive liability principles associated with “channelling.” Section 46 provides that the provisions of the CLNDA are “in addition to, and not in derogation of, any other law,” which has the effect of making the supplier subject to Indian laws that apply to any industrial accident including criminal liability, tort law, etc, leaving potential liability open-ended and insurance difficult to manage.
Under the CLNDA, a set of Rules was promulgated in 2011. Rule 24 was intended to address these concerns but failed to do so and generated further questions. It limits the operator’s right of recourse vis-à-vis the supplier, both monetarily and in terms of a time frame. However, while it is clear that Rule 24 applies to the first part of Section 17, there are questions about its applicability to the second part.
The way forward
To resolve this, the Modi government will need to follow certain guidelines. First, the problem needs to be identified as first and foremost, a domestic vendor problem and not misconstrued as addressing foreign vendors’ concerns. Second, it has to be addressed in an open and transparent manner involving all stakeholders including civil society and media, and not by stealth or clever fixes which end up in embarrassing dead-ends. The two principles of safeguarding victims’ interests, in terms of both strict and exclusive jurisdiction, and prompt redress of damage claims, have already been accepted and are not undermined by any redistribution of rights and obligations between the operator and the suppliers. Given the slow pace of litigation in India, “channelling” would be beneficial to victims but cannot coexist with general applicability of tort law. Therefore, just as Rule 24 constrains parts of Section 17, definitions of new terms and rules have to be developed to ensure that supplier liability is neither open-ended nor infinite. Second, cascading insurance premiums should not render nuclear power economically unviable.
Finally, we need to think in the long term. Tomorrow, the nuclear power sector could be opened up to private operators as is the case with other power generation. As the repository of power reactor technology, NPCIL will then be the design provider and would hardly like to be faced with the CLNDA as it currently stands. Good intentions need a vision to translate into good policy.
(Rakesh Sood, a former Ambassador, was the Prime Minister’s Special Envoy for Disarmament and Non-Proliferation from September 2013 to May 2014.)

Telecom stocks surge on reports of additional spectrumTelecom stocks surge on reports of additional spectrum auction
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 11:46 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Telecom sector stocks gained on the domestic bourses on Friday after reports of additional spectrum auction by the government.
Economic Times reported that the government may include one slot for 3G services in the telecom spectrum auction.
Bharti Airtel shares gained 1.2 per cent, while the Idea Cellular scrip was up 1.5 per cent.
Shares of Reliance Communications gained 1.1 percent.
According to analysts, incremental spectrum auction will ease pressure on incumbents witnessing licence renewals.
(Reuters)

Heavy online discounting hurts franchisees  expansion plansYou are here: Home > Collections
Heavy online discounting hurts franchisees' expansion plans
Rasul Bailay, ET Bureau Dec 12, 2014, 04.25AM IST
Tags:
Abhishek Ganguly
(Puma has stopped selling…)
NEW DELHI: The battle between e-commerce and brick-and-mortar retail, having exacted on a toll on stores selling electronics brands, is now leading to casualties in other segments. Franchisees of Benetton, Tommy Hilfiger, US Polo, Puma, Lee, Wrangler and Calvin Klein say they are being forced to freeze expansion of stores because of the heavy discounting onslaught by ecommerce companies.
"We are holding expansion plans until the next season," said Keshav Tiwari, retail head for Samarth Lifestyle that operates more than 100 outlets of Puma, US Polo, Nautica, Tommy Hilfiger and several other labels. Mohali based Kapsons, which runs about 200 franchisee stores of various Indian and global brands, is only opening a few stores catering to children. It's putting on hold a plan for five department stores of 30,000-40,000 sq ft each. Another Delhi-based franchisee of Benetton and Adidas said his company has completely frozen store opening plans for 2015 primarily because of the impact of e-commerce and also because of rising rentals.
"It is confirmed that most expansions are on hold. Even companies have put their own stores on hold," said the head of one of the country's largest franchisee groups. "They are also suffering and they themselves are not expanding." Such a freeze could also have an impact on mall rentals as demand for space declines, unless the moves by brands to ease the situation take effect. This involves having separate product lines for online and offline. The brisk rise of e-commerce in recent years and heavy discounting by them is creating tensions between franchisees and brands. Franchisees of various brands complain that the companies are selling products cheaper online and that's eating into their businesses.
Samarth was expecting 10-15 per cent growth in sales this year, instead they fell by almost 25 per cent with most of the decline coming since September, when discounting rose to new levels as ecommerce firms clocked billions of rupees in sales during the crucial Diwali season.
One large franchisee operator said online prices are at times below even the wholesale rate.
"Their (online) discounts are more than wholesale rates, which is rare in any business. You are buying for X amount and selling for X minus Y amount. In such a case any brick-and mortar player could get bankrupt," the person said, adding that real world retailers generally get around 35 per cent margin on products and that ecommerce discounts exceed this.
Puma India managing director Abhishek Ganguly said most online discounted products are old stock that's also available at the company's factory outlets. But franchisees say online discounts are not limited to old stock but also apply to fresher items as sites accept coupons and offer other schemes that involve a lower price.
Some companies are now following the strategy of electronics companies. J Suresh, chief executive of Arvind Lifestyle Brands, which sells US Polo Association, Nautica and other brands, told ET his company has entered into agreements with online retailers not to "undervalue" the company's products through heavy discounting. His company is on track to open another 50 US Polo stores in the current fiscal year.
Other labels are also looking to ensure that those who run stores are protected. Many of the franchisees ET spoke to said brands such as Puma, Benetton, US Polo Association and others have pledged to work on strategies to segregate offline and online products.
 
For example, Puma has already stopped selling some high-end products on e-commerce sites and starting next spring-summer season, the company will fully separate lines for the two retail avenues. Similarly, Arvind Ltd, which sells various foreign brands in India, is also working on online-only product lines.
Benetton dealers said company representatives have unofficially told them that it restrict online offerings to products that are three seasons old and that it will break off ties with any distributor flouting that rule. A Benetton spokesperson wasn't available for comment. Tommy Hilfiger didn't respond to queries.
Ganguly of Puma said it was his company's "responsibility and commitment" to help make the 310 operational stores in India profitable. He said the company has devised a "strategy differentiating online and offline channels for long-term sustainability. All our offline and online partners have been on-boarded with this strategy in our recent trade meetings and they're quite happy with our stance." Without giving actual numbers, Ganguly said Puma's like-to-like sales have grown over the last one year.
Online site Jabong's managing director Praveen Sinha told ET on Monday that a correction in discounts is already taking place. But he also said that online companies will always be able to pass on discounts to consumers as they don't have the high real estate and overhead costs associated with offline retailers. Eventually, financial imperatives will lead to the market settling, said Ganguly of Puma.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Telangana considers levying VAT on e-commerce deliveriesAmazon
(Officials in Telangana said…)
HYDERABAD: The Telangana government is weighing options to levy value-added tax (VAT) on deliveries by ecommerce firms in the state, potentially setting off a fresh taxation wrangles between a state and the fast-growing sector.
In neighbouring Karnataka, global ecommerce giant Amazon is already locked in a tax dispute with local tax authorities after they slapped notices on some 100-odd sellers on the company's electronic marketplace who had listed its warehouse as an additional place of business, saying their actions were deemed to be in contravention of the state VAT laws. About 25 merchants' licences have since been cancelled.
Officials in Telangana said the thinking behind the move to levy VAT was part of a broader plan to bolster tax revenues and the government will take a decision on the tax mobilisation measures shortly.
One senior official in newly created state's finance ministry said authorities had noticed a sizeable drop in VAT collections over the last few months, which they think could be because of a surge in e-commerce transactions that were evading VAT payments and a fall in brick-and-mortar format store sales. "A proposal is being considered to conduct large scale searches on all the entities associated with e-commerce portals to see if there are any holes that need to be plugged immediately to help raise tax collections," he said.
Confirming the initiatives, B Revathi Rohini, additional commissioner of commercial taxes (enforcement), said the department was analysing whether taxes were paid by all traders doing business across the state. "There is an apprehension that under guise of ecommerce whether the taxes are being evaded and we are checking that. Our concern is if any tax is getting evaded at that level," she told ET.
Saying the Telangana government was also looking at roping in ecommerce companies to discipline the entire transaction process, she said: "They (ecommerce players) may collect taxes less than what is applicable to the commodity, but they will have to pay the amount levied on a particular commodity to the state."
The move, which ecommerce firms believe could adversely affect operations, comes at a time Telangana's neighbour, Chandrababu Naidu-led Andhra Pradesh , is in talks with Amazon to shift its base to his state and is said to have offered it tax incentives.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Supreme Court rejects Centre s appeal denying benefit to disabled soldiersWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 9:52 am
“They are in the line of fire. They sacrifice their life for you and for us. This is the least you could do for them.” It was the message by the Supreme Court to the Centre, which was fighting against the ex-servicemen of Army over a modest increase in their disability pension.
Coming to the rescue of around 15,000 soldiers, the court rejected an appeal by the government against an order of the Armed Forces Tribunal (AFT), which had extended the benefits of an extra amount in their pensions on account of disability due to service conditions.
On Wednesday, a bench led by Chief Justice of India H L Dattu expressed its disgruntlement over the government’s insistence on denying the benefit to the soldiers on the ground that it would burden the exchequer with an additional Rs. 1500 crore.
“So what? The government can have at least this much of budget for its soldiers who are dying for the people of this country everyday. What is the point of having these memorials and placards saluting our defence personnel if you litigate agianst the disabled soldiers till the Supreme Court. You should pay them,” said the bench, also comprising Justices Madan B Lokur and A K Sikri.
With the writing on the wall, the government’s law officer chose not to argue the appeal further and said they would comply with the order. The bench disposed of around 880 appeals against the AFT order on this issue.
Among those who will be benfitted by this order is also Army’s former Vice-Chief Lt Gen Vijay Oberoi, who lost his leg in a gun battle in the 1965 Indo-Pakistan war. Oberoi soldiered on without any financial benefit whilst in service but was categorised as 70 per cent disabled when he retired as the army’s vice chief in 2001.
When the 5th Pay Commission enhanced this to 75 per cent, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) refused to pay. On Oberoi’s petition, the Chandigarh bench of the AFT, in 2010 allowed “broad-banding” benefits to all disabled personnel irrespective of when they left service.
Under the “broad-banding” policy, three bands were to judge disability across the board. Up to 50 per cent disability, a person was to be given the benefits of a 50 percent disability holder; a person with 51-75 per cent disability was to be given 75 per cent disability benefits; while a person with 76-100 per cent disability was to be given 100 per cent disability benefits. The policy was introduced to avoid subjectivity and variance in calculating disability percentage.
This broad-banding was accepted and implemented by the MoD but the benefits were granted to only those who were removed from service by the government on medical grounds, and not to those who retired after their full service. The AFT removed this anomaly and held that all the soldiers shall get the benefit under the policy.
The Department of Ex-Servicemen Welfare (DESW), which comes under the MoD and looks into the grievances and other pension matters of retired defence personnel, filed an appeal continued…

 India Inc Dismayed Over Poor Factory Output DataYou are here: Home Economy
India Inc Dismayed Over Poor Factory Output Data, Wants Rate Cut
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 12, 2014 21:50 (IST)
Arun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
New Delhi: Disappointed over industrial output contracting by 4.2 per cent in October, India Inc on Friday said the Reserve Bank or RBI must slash interest rates urgently to spur demand while re-emphasising the need for faster roll-out of reforms announced by the government.
Dashing hopes of recovery, the industrial production contracted by 4.2 per cent in October, mainly on account of poor show by the manufacturing sector and a dip in the output of capital as well as consumer goods.
"The fall in manufacturing growth in October is disturbing, more so because it is broad-based and not limited to a few sectors."
"It is in line with the findings of our own manufacturing survey which expected slowdown in the third quarter," Ficci president Sidharth Birla said.
"It not only reflects slowdown in investments but also the deep-rooted slackness in consumer demand which requires bringing down the interest rates urgently."
"It would also need faster implementation of government's intentions to introduce reforms in which states have a major role to play," he added.
Manufacturing output, which constitutes over 75 per cent of the index, contracted by 7.6 per cent in October as compared to a dip of 1.3 per cent in the same month last year.
"Substantial efforts have been made by the government to ensure a recovery in the economy. Actions are already very visible and results are on the ground."
"Industry is also positive about additional investments. All this can now be complemented by a reduction in interest rate by RBI," CII director general Chandrajit Banerjee said.
The production of capital goods, a barometer of demand, declined by 2.3 per cent in October, against a growth of 2.5 per cent in same month last year.
The consumer goods output too contracted by 18.6 per cent in October as against a decline in output at 5 per cent logged a year ago.
"A realistic assessment of the government on what is hurting the industry and what is lacking is needed in order to see sustained industrial growth and achieve the objectives of 'Make in India'," Assocham secretary general D S Rawat said.
Overall, 16 of the 22 industry groups in manufacturing showed negative growth in October.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 21:13 (IST)

Government to Reap Rs 74 000-Plus Budget Windfall From Oil Slide: ReportArun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
New Delhi: A plunge of nearly half in oil prices could help Finance Minister Arun Jaitley reap a fiscal windfall of at least $12 billion (Rs 74,244 crore at 1 dollar = 61.8700 rupees) when he presents his Budget for 2015-16 in February, two government sources told Reuters.
The savings would come in the form of reduced fuel subsidy costs and higher petrol and diesel levies, the sources said. In addition, Finance Ministry officials have proposed restoring a crude oil import duty that was scrapped in 2011.
As a result, the government would claw back most of the money that India saves on oil imports. That would help Mr Jaitley hit borrowing targets but dilute any boost to consumption in Asia's third-largest economy.
Energy-hungry India imports around 4 million barrels of oil per day and the net cost of the country's oil imports is expected to total $88 billion in the fiscal year to next March, based on a budgeted oil price of $105 per barrel.
Officials drawing up Mr Jaitley's first full-year budget are penciling in a view that oil prices will average $65-$70 in 2015-16. That would cut the national import bill by $18 billion - or 0.9 per cent of GDP, they reckon.
"Benefits from the fall in oil prices would reflect in the budget through lower oil subsidies and higher tax projections next year," one senior Finance Ministry official told Reuters.
The sources estimate that the overall fiscal boost can total Rs 75,000 crore ($12 billion). More than half, Rs 40,000 crore, would come from savings on oil subsidies.
Tax and don't spend
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in power since May, has freed prices for diesel, which account for 40 per cent of consumption of refined fuels.
Taking advantage of the resulting fall in pump prices, his government has raised factory gate duties on petrol and diesel twice in the last month. That means state coffers, and not drivers, will benefit to the tune of $1.6 billion this fiscal year and nearly $5 billion next year.
A revival in the profitability of state-owned oil refiners like Hindustan Petroleum Corporation and Indian Oil Corporation could generate another $1 billion in extra revenues.
Further, ministry officials recommend restoring the old 5 per cent crude oil import duty in full. This would require Mr Modi's approval, and if implemented could raise up to $4 billion more, lifting total potential fiscal gains to over $16 billion.
"A proposal to impose import duty on crude oil is under consideration," said another Finance Ministry source. "The final decision could be announced in the budget." Both sources requested anonymity, because they were not authorised to speak to the press on the record.
Mr Jaitley is struggling to hit his fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent of gross domestic product this fiscal year. He wants to cut it to 3.6 per cent in 2015-16, and 3 per cent in 2016-17.
Budget bailout
Fiscal constraints leave little over for the wider economy, with consumers still cautious about their prospects and concerned that recent falls in inflation will be only temporary.
Although the price of diesel, used by truckers and farmers, has fallen by 6 per cent in the past five months, drivers in India are now paying more to fill up than in the United States.
"The boost to household consumption is likely to be small," said Shilan Shah, India Economist at Capital Economics in London. "The government has been able to take advantage of the windfall."
By Mr Shah's reckoning, the oil windfall could help cut the budget deficit by 0.5 per cent of GDP, as well as narrowing the current account gap and easing price pressures.
"This could lead to the RBI beginning to cut interest rates early next year, which on its own should have impact on economic growth," Mr Shah added.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Raghuram Rajan: No space for another export-led ChinaIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Terming the global economic outlook as “mediocre”, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Friday that it would be better for India to focus on its domestic market than emulate the export-led growth path adopted by China and other Asian countries in the past.
In the backdrop of the government’s concerted push for the Make in India programme, he added the ‘Make For India’ sub-text, suggesting production for the Indian market.
Addressing a seminar organised by industry chamber Ficci weeks ahead of the government’s first full Budget, Rajan also called for an increase in household savings rate and even advocated for tax benefits for individuals to save more.
“The income tax benefits for an individual to save have been largely fixed in nominal terms till the recent Budget, which means the real value of the benefits have eroded. Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure that the country’s investment is largely financed from domestic savings,” he said.
On the government’s Make in India programme, he said there was a danger in assuming that this means a focus on manufacturing and an attempt to follow the export-led growth path that China followed. “The world as a whole is unlikely to be able to accommodate another export-led China,” said Rajan, adding that India should not have export-focussed manufacturing.
“India is different, and developing at a different time, and we should be agnostic about what will work,” said Rajan. His advice comes at a time when the government has pitched hard for reviving manufacturing by improving India’s ranking in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business index. He, however, lauded the government’s intent to bring the cost of doing business down, adding that infrastructure must improve.
Under pressure from the government to cut policy rates to ring in a low interest rate regime, Rajan said it was not the regulator’s job to boost the Sensex but to ensure that underlying fundamentals of the economy and the financial system are sound.
The RBI Governor also said India should not be railroaded into compromising its interest to attract FDI. Citing an example, he said, “The requirements to patent a medicine in India are perfectly reasonable, no matter what the international drug companies say — we should ensure policies are transparent and redress quick.” Rajan said if it is made easier for young Indian companies to do business, it will also make it easier for foreign companies to invest, for, after all both are outsiders to the system. “This means a transparent and quick legal process to deal with contractual disputes, and a proper system of bankruptcy to deal with distress,” he said.
Calling India an emerging economy that “weathered the initial squalls of the ‘taper tantrums’ of the summer of 2013”, Rajan said that it should focus on four aspects — Make in India, Make for India, ensure transparency and stability of the economy and work towards a more open and fair global system.
Post Comments
More from economy

Gold sees biggest weekly rise in 2 months as stocks  dollar slipGold sees biggest weekly rise in 2 months as stocks, dollar slip
Reuters Dec 13, 2014, 10.04AM IST
(The spot market briefly…)
NEW YORK/LONDON: Gold edged lower on Friday as some buyers cashed in recent gains, but the metal had its biggest weekly rise in two months as the dollar retreated and sliding oil prices hurt risk appetite.
Gold was up 2.5 per cent this week after Tuesday's big rally. Falling stock markets have prompted some investors to buy the metal as an alternative asset, while a drop in the greenback made dollar-priced bullion cheaper for holders of other currencies.
"When the equity markets dropped quite sharply, precious metals soared, so there is definitely still the link between equities and gold in particular (due to) risk appetite among market players," Commerzbank analyst Daniel Briesemann said.
"Some of the equity markets had a decent run this year. We don't expect this to be continued to the same extent next year, so this might give some tailwind to gold prices."
Spot gold was down 0.5 per cent at $1,221.66 an ounce by 3:38 p.m. EST (2038 GMT), while US gold futures for February delivery settled down 0.3 per cent at $1,222.50, but were up 2.7 per cent for the week.
The spot market briefly fell as much as 1 per cent to $1,215.60 after a survey showed US consumer sentiment rose in December to a new eight-year high.
"What we're looking at here is better retail sales," said Eli Tesfaye, senior market strategist for RJO Futures in Chicago.
"These better numbers basically are going to bolster the case for the Federal Reserve to be more hawkish going forward. That's never good news for gold."
The dollar index was down 0.4 per cent, and European stocks slid more than 2 per cent, with further declines in the price of oil hitting energy shares and political concerns over Greece also curbing risk appetite.
European shares posted their biggest weekly loss since mid-2011, while US stocks also fell, putting the benchmark S&P 500 on track for its first weekly decline in eight.
The improved sentiment toward gold showed in the holdings of the world's top bullion-backed exchange-traded fund, SPDR Gold Trust, which rose 0.13 per cent to 725.75 tonnes on Thursday, up nearly 5 tonnes this week.
That marks the second straight week of inflows and the biggest weekly increase in its holdings since early July.
Among other precious metals, silver was down 0.5 per cent at $17.00 an ounce, while spot platinum fell 1.1 per cent to $1,224.50. Spot palladium was down 0.7 per cent at $810.30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Holiday season to pull down TCS Q3 resultsYou are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
Holiday season in key markets will pull down TCS’ Q3 results
ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 01.09PM IST
Tags:
EBITA
(The company, in a mid-quarter…)
NEW DELHI: Tata Consultancy Services , India's largest information technology outsourcing company said it expects a seasonally weak third quarter, because of the holiday season in its key markets impacting some of its main verticals.
The company, in a mid-quarter business update on Friday, said it expects weakness in its retail, manufacturing, hi-tech due to furlough impact during the quarter. The banking and financial services business would be impacted by insurance and banking products, while telecom was likely to be "slightly better" than other verticals, it added.
The third quarter, ending December, is seasonally weak for IT outsourcing companies due to holidays in the United States and Europe- their biggest markets.
While TCS expects business in North America to be in line with its expectations, adjusted for seasonal weakness; it said Europe would grow better than average. India business saw a very strong last quarter, and "that momentum will improve," said Rajesh Gopinathan , chief financial officer, in a conference call with analysts. He added that the overall demand environment would remain fragile. The company however, maintained its EBITA margin target band.
Shares of TCS closed down 1.48% at Rs 2455.70 on Friday on the BSE. They fell over 2% earlier in the day after news that the company would be starting a restructuring exercise under which some of its non-performing senior executives would be asked to leave.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Uber rape survivor not to quit job; decides to tie the knot next monthHi Guest
Uber rape survivor not to quit job; decides to tie the knot next month
New Delhi : The father of the Uber cab rape survivor has said that her daughter will tie the knot next month with the man whom she was engaged to before the tragic incident happened. He thanked the young man for not betraying her daughter after learning about ...

Trinamool Congress to take out rally today to protest arrest of Madan MitraMamata stands by Madan Mitra, says he is innocent
Our Bureau
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arriving at the CBI's Salt Lake office on the outskirts of Kolkata on Friday in connection with mult-crore Saradha chit fund scam. Mitra was later arrested. -- PTI
Kolkata, Dec 13:  
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today took to the streets and stood by her arrested Cabinet colleague, Madan Mitra.
Mitra, the State Transport and Sports Minster, was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday in relation to the Saradha scam.
“I will not believe that Madan is a thief and that he had to take money from Saradha Group to feed his family. These are lies and are being spread deliberately to malign him and our party,” Banerjee said while addressing a protest rally.
The Trinamool Congress had taken out a rally this afternoon to protest the Minister’s arrest and on the issue of the central agency being used for “political purposes”.
According to Banerjee, the CBI was politically motivated and was acting at the behest of “higher authorities in power”. Being one of the staunch opposition parties at the Centre, attempts were now being made to malign it, she said.
Chaos at Court
Meanwhile, there was chaos at the Alipore court premises where the arrested minister was to appear.
Angry Trinamool supporters tried to stop the minister from being presented before the court.
Although security arrangements were beefed up earlier in the day, the agitators swelled in numbers as the day progressed. They were able to break down some of the barricades.
Blockades were put up in different places in the city (southern parts) and in Mitra's constituency (Kamarhati), on the fringes of the city, yesterday evening after news of his arrest spread.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

BJP demonising 15 pct minorities to scare 85 pct Indians: Nitish KumarCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
Slamming Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for pursuing what he charged was a brand of “communal politics”, former Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar has said that the saffron party was trying to frighten 85 per cent of the people of India by demonising 15 per cent of the minority population.
The JD(U) leader, whose party is being partnered by RJD in Bihar, also said that the tie-up with the Lalu Yadav-led outfit would not change his “principles of good governance”.
Speaking on ‘Agenda Aaj Tak’, Kumar alluded to several controversial statements made by BJP leaders and the row over alleged forced conversions in Agra and said that the Narendra Modi government was working on the ground to divide society while talking up its development agenda in public.
“They (BJP) talk about their strength. What kind of strength is this that you frighten about 85 per cent of the people (Hindus) by raising the bogey of 15 per cent of minorities?
“They talk outwardly of ‘sabka saath, sabka vikas’ but are working on ground to divide society,” he said.
Kumar said there is no difference between RSS and BJP in its current “extremist” avatar, adding that the former was “marginalised” during the “moderate” Atal Bihari Vajpayee’s term as prime minister. Kumar had been a Cabinet minister in the Vajpayee government.
Kumar, who had resigned as Bihar Chief Minister following his party’s rout in Lok Sabha elections, said that the proposed merger of Janata Parivar offshoots was an attempt to strengthen the opposition. If the new outfit does well, then parties from other states can also join them, he added.
Meanwhile, admitting that people had preferred Modi’s agenda over his in the Lok Sabha elections, Kumar, however, said that the “manufactured aura” around the Modi government remains but will fade away in time.
The media and others will then think about the massive spending and the advertisement blitzkrieg which had driven BJP’s campaign for Lok Sabha polls.
JD(U) had parted ways with BJP over Modi’s elevation as the NDA’s prime ministerial candidate.
Further, accusing the Centre of cutting funds for schemes like MGNREGA and other developmental initiatives, Kumar said the NDA government was working for some, not all. He said that even after being in office for six months, the NDA government was not clear as to its priorities and nobody knows what will happen next.
Taking a dig at Modi, Kumar said that the BJP leader had said at least 170 places during campaigning for the general elections that Rs 15,000-20,000 can be given to all poor people in the country if black money was brought back to India from foreign accounts.
“He should deposit at least 10,000-15,000 in 5 crore bank accounts opened under the Jan Dhan scheme… It will give them benefits of accident insurance,” he said.
Asked about his rallies in Bihar where he plays Modi’s speeches to allude to the promises he had made, Kumar said he was trying to show the difference between the NDA government’s utterances and the real scenario.
“Politicians must be held to account for what they say,” Nitish averred.
Meanwhile, brushing aside concerns that his alliance with foe-turned-friend Lalu would be a return to the “misrule” of the RJD governments in Bihar, Kumar said, “Let me give you an assurance — the good governance, the rule of law that we brought in Bihar will not be compromised.”
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Tech cos biggest wealth creator for investors in last 5 yearsHi Guest
Tech cos biggest wealth creator for investors in last 5 years
TCS, Eicher Motors and Kotak Mahindra Bank have turned out be the fastest and most consistent wealth creators. The information technology sector, which faced trouble during the 2008 financial crisis, has emerged as the biggest wealth creator from 2009, according to the 19th Annual Wealth Creation Study by Motilal Oswal Securities.  The best sector for wealth creation over 2009-14 has been information technology, as it has added Rs 7 lakh crore in investors' kitty.   The automobile sector, ...

Facebook s Zuckerberg doesn t love the idea of  dislike  buttonFacebook’s Mark Zuckerberg doesn’t love the idea of a ‘dislike’ button
By: AFP |        San Francisco |  December 13, 2014 10:55 am
Post Comments
Summary
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg wants people to be able to quickly express broader ranges of feelings but a ‘dislike’ button doesn’t make the cut.
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg expresses concern that 'like' and 'dislike' buttons could turn into a voting system to judge posts.
Other Articles
Tata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg wants people to be able to quickly express broader ranges of feelings at the leading online social network, but a “dislike” button doesn’t make the cut.
During a question-and-answer session with an audience at the Facebook headquarters in Northern California, available online yesterday, Zuckerberg gave a thumbs-down to the idea of a button to register disdain for posts at the social network.
“That’s not something that we think is good for the world,” Zuckerberg said, expressing concern that “like” and “dislike” buttons could turn into a voting system to judge posts.
“The thing that I think is very valuable is that there are more sentiments that people want to express.”
While Facebook’s well-known thumbs-up “like” buttons let people easily show support or enthusiasm for posts, some folks think the sentiment seems off-target for somber subjects such as news of death or other sadness in the lives of friends.
“We are talking about a right way for people to easily express a broader array of emotions,” Zuckerberg said, giving examples such as empathy, surprise, or laughter.
No changes along those lines were on the immediate horizon.
“We need to figure out the right way to do it so that it is a force for good and not a force for bad in demeaning the posts that people are putting out there.”
Facebook would also risk irking advertisers by giving members a quick way to tag marketing messages with “dislikes,” according to analysts.
Zuckerberg noted that Facebook members are free to comment on posts, but can wind up feeling pressured to be witty or insightful.
Post Comments
More from industry

IIT-Madras making Android e-scooter | Why Ratan Tata is betting on start-upandroid
(The tablet can help the rider…)
CHENNAI: This e-scooter with its Android dashboard is out of the ordinary. IIT-Madras-incubated Ather Energy has developed a first-of-its-kind Android tablet dashboard for an electric scooter it is currently building. The tablet can help the rider with navigation and offer information on power, battery drain, system temperature and how long the scooter can go before the next charge-up. It can help track theft as well.
Posing behind a glass door inside the IIT-Madras Research Park is the fifth iteration. Ather has built this right from the chassis to the motor to the battery packs. It's about the size of any 100cc scooter in the market. The lithium-ion battery packs rest on the floorboard of the vehicle, sending minimal weight to the tyres and cutting "unsprung mass" - a major energy drainer. It is 20% lighter than counterparts and has a storage space that can accommodate two fullsized helmets.
"The idea all along was that it should be futuristic. A Hero will slam us in manufacturing. A TVS will make us vanish with their supply-chain efficiency. So, our bet can only be in design, functionality, and bringing a smart solution to Indian scooters," said Tarun Mehta, the 25-year-old co-founder of Ather Energy who quit Ashok Leyland to start the venture in October last year.
Corporate employment was not for other founder Swapnil Jain either, who had quit General Motors to team up with Mehta and return to their alma mater. Prof Krishna Kumar at IIT-Madras, who drew them into entrepreneurship , gave them the first few lakhs and the space to design their product.
The first prototype, ready in four months, served to help visualise how it looks, and firm up basic specifications such as torque, range, and temperature. Ather focussed on raising system efficiency by optimising the weight. "It took us three iterations to figure out where the battery should go," Mehta said.
About Rs 55 lakh has been spent so far, including investor money from Aerospike founder and IITMadras alumnus Srini V Srinivasan. Big names have just got on board: Sachin and Binny Bansal of Flipkart and Raju Venkatraman of Medall Healthcare have together invested $1 million.
"For me, the biggest return on investment will be the fact that not only do I get to encourage entrepreneurship, I also get to hear new ideas and learn from them at the same time," said Sachin Bansal , co-founder of Flipkart.
The ideas that Bansal is talking about include Internet of Things - the concept of connecting individual devices through wireless communications to draw operational data and control them. The team is trying out sensors to monitor bike parameters and process data on cloud. Each scooter will have its own SIM card for data communications. Ather will validate these ideas in a prototype expected to get ready in three months.
While Internet of Things is not unique in the automotive industry, Ather is the forerunner in bringing it to Indian scooters, said Krishna Kumar, the IIT faculty. The makingand-breaking is not over yet. The prototype currently can attain 75 kmph of speed, has lowcharging time of 1.5 hours against the typical e-scooter's 6-8 hours, and a total charge-up that consumes 2.5 units of electricity. All this is bound to improve before launch, which Mehta says would take another 12-15 months.
The Android dashboard may face issues in shock, heat resistance and periodic update, but an automotive-grade solution can offset some of the challenges. "At Ather, we have spent the last eight months working on the same," Mehta said. "We have initial prototypes which solve a number of these issues and over the next one year, we are confident of testing enough prototypes to bring this to production.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Despite Putins visit  key military pacts at...Despite President Vladimir Putin’s visit, two military aircraft pacts still at halt
By Rajat Pandit, TNN | 13 Dec, 2014, 11.35AM IST
President Vladimir Putin may have come and gone but stalemate largely persists over two key long-pending India-Russian defence projects.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: President Vladimir Putin may have come and gone but stalemate largely persists over two key long-pending India-Russian defence projects, the fifth-generation fighter aircraft (FGFA) and military multirole transport aircraft (MTA).
The intergovernmental agreements for co-development and co-production of FGFA and MTA were inked way back in 2007. But the two projects are yet to fly out of the doldrums, with India's concerns over technical, cost and delivery issues still to be addressed, said sources.
India is very keen on the FGFA project, and even asked Russia in the run-up to Putin's visit here to resolve the technical issues and "compress" the slated induction beginning from 2024-2025 onwards, as was first reported by TOI.
The deadlock over the MTA, which were initially envisaged to gradually replace IAF's ageing fleet of the medium-lift AN-32 aircraft , seems to be much more serious. India now wants to ascertain the cost viability of the twin-engine transport aircraft in comparison to similar planes available in the market.
There are also questions about the MTA's "predicted timelines for delivery" as well as its failure to meet the high-altitude requirements, which need to be answered before India even thinks of inking the full-scale contract for the project, said sources.
The final R&D and design contract for FGFA, in turn, is hanging fire for the last three years. India wants iron-clad assurances on the advanced stealth jet's technical aspects before it sinks in $5.5 billion for the development of its "perspective multirole fighter", which is to be based on the underdevelopment Russian FGFA called PAK-FA or Sukhoi T-50.
The 127 such single-seat fighters, to be built at the Ozar facility of Hindustan Aeronautics in Nashik, will cost extra. In all, India will spend around $25 billion on the entire project, making it the biggest-ever defence project with Russia.
Unhappy at not getting "full technological access to the Russian FGFA", India wants the capabilities of its fighter in terms of stealth, engine performance, sensors and weapons — in additions to costs — to be fully specified in the final design contract. "Moreover, we want to begin inducting the fighter much before the 94-month timeframe specified in the draft contract," said a source.
"Putin is likely to go back and ask his people to sort out the issues. If the problems are resolved, it will still take another four-five months for the final design contract to be inked," he added.
India is keen to begin inducting its FGFA much before 2024-2025 since IAF is down to just 34 fighter squadrons when at least 44 are required. The other two fighter programmes, the indigenous Tejas light combat aircraft and the proposed $20 billion MMRCA (medium multirole combat aircraft) project for 126 Rafale jets, are also running years behind schedule.

Purchases over 1 lakh to need PAN  AadhaarPurchases over 1 lakh to need PAN, Aadhaar?
By TNN | 13 Dec, 2014, 12.09PM IST
Justice (retired) MB Shah is heading the SIT to probe black money.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court-backed special investigation team (SIT) on black money has recommended a series of measures, including quoting of permanent account number for all purchases beyond Rs 1 lakh in addition to submitting an identity proof such as Aadhaar.
The rule, the SIT has suggested, should cover purchases made by cash as well as cheque. It has further recommended that a central "Know Your Customer" (KYC) database be set up which captures details of PAN, passport number or driving licence number, which are often quoted for transactions.
While several suggestions have been made by various experts panel in the past too, the government has been slow in implementing them and cracking down on the use of cash, which the SIT has pointed out also results in terror threats.
It has also recommended that the amount of cash in possession should be capped at Rs 10 or 15 lakh and any amount beyond the threshold be confiscated. The SIT has talked about checks on transportation of illegal wealth.
Citing European rules, barring cash transactions beyond a limit, the SIT has said that a similar system should be followed in India as well but the limit should be fixed as the common man's daily transactions are not impacted.
As a strong deterrent, the panel has recommended that tax crimes be made predicate offence with a high tax evasion threshold such as Rs 50 lakh so that it does not cause hardship to small tax payers. The move pushed by the Finance Action Task Force, the global group against money laundering, the underlying crimes that give rise to money laundering. SIT has suggested that this should be brought under Prevention of Money Laundering Act.
The SIT has also underlined the need to tally the Indian export and import data with those of other countries — on a quarterly, if not monthly, basis — as a tool against over-invoicing and under-invoicing. This it said has been suggested by FATF, which has India as a member.
While pointing out that over- and under-invoicing of export and import is a known source of stashing black money overseas, the Supreme Court-backed panel has also said that bills of export or shipping bills should include a new column on the international price of the goods or the machinery to be shipped out as a possible deterrent.
Further, it has suggested that cross-border wire transfer of funds should be monitored carefully besides making provision of confiscation of property abroad more stringent under FEMA.
While the other moves are meant to track unaccounted cash better, the SIT has also recommended setting up of five additional chief judicial magistrate courts in Mumbai for prosecution of 5,000 pending income tax cases.

81-Year-Old Grandmother Goes Skydiving in Australia81-Year-Old Grandmother Goes Skydiving in Australia
For Uber drivers  dream ride turns into nightmareFor Uber drivers  dream ride turns into nightmare
IT sector delivers big bucks  but PSUs play party spoiler:ReportThe top-four IT companies collectively accounted for more than 22% of the R29.381 lakh crore of market value generated by the top-100 wealth creators in the last five years. (Reuters)
Mumbai |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:34 pm
After a gap of nine years, the IT space has emerged as the largest wealth-creating sector for the five years ending 2014, shows the 19th wealth creation study by Motilal Oswal Securities.
The annual study, which lists 100 biggest and fastest wealth creators for the latest five years, showed that TCS retained its top spot for a second consecutive year as its market value expanded by R3.64 lakh crore on the back of a 51% CAGR in its price in the period.
The top-four IT companies collectively accounted for more than 22% of the R29.381 lakh crore of market value generated by the top-100 wealth creators in the last five years. The sector added R7.1 lakh crore of wealth.
With companies like HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and HDFC doing exceedingly well, the banking and financial space emerged as the second prominent contributor to the top-10 list as, collectively, they reported a R3.27-lakh-crore jump in market value in the period under review.
ITC, Sun Pharma and Tata Motors concluded the top-10 list. While, with a more than 90% CAGR price movement, Eicher Motors and Bajaj Finance led the list of the fastest wealth creators, Amara Raja Batteries, Page Industries, IndusInd Bank, Aurobindo Pharma, Havells and Ipca Labs were part of the group too.
At five, the number of PSUs on the list fell to an all-time low. The aggregate wealth creation by these companies (BPCL, Petronet LNG, Bank of Baroda, REC and J&K Bank) also fell to as low as 2% compared to a 51% growth distributed among 30 PSU companies in the five years ended 2005, indicating value migration to the private sector.
“How to turn around the PSU segment is a big challenge for the government,” said Raamdeo Agrawal, joint MD, Motilal Oswal Financial Services, who leads the annual study.
PSUs also dominated the array of top-10 wealth destroyers, with MMTC, NTPC, BHEL, SAIL and NMDC losing R1.57 lakh crore among themselves in the last five years. Reliance Communication featured on the list for the fourth consecutive year as did sister company Reliance Power, for the second year running. Utilities and capital goods, real estate and metals & mining led the list of sectors that accounted for substantial wealth erosion in the last five years of the order of R2.05 lakh crore.
Meanwhile, sharing the market outlook, the report highlighted that subject to global factors, Indian benchmarks may grow 50% over the next two years. The market-cap-to-GDP ratio for FY15 is likely to be about 77% and has a potential of 50% upside over the next two years as the m-cap heads towards a parity with the continued…

CIA information leak: Justice won t ask reporter James Risen to divulge sourceBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:47 pm
The Justice Department has ruled out forcing New York Times reporter James Risen to divulge his source in the upcoming trial of a former CIA officer accused of leaking classified information, a person familiar with the matter said Friday night.
The decision comes ahead of a Tuesday court hearing at which Justice Department prosecutors were directed to reveal whether they planned to seek Risen’s testimony. It also resolves a standoff between Risen and the government that threatened to end with him being held in contempt of court.
The person briefed on the matter spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the decision had not yet been formally announced. The source said it was still possible the Justice Department would seek testimony from Risen, but not about his source.
Prosecutors allege that Jeffrey Sterling disclosed to Risen classified information about operations in Iran. They have said that Risen’s testimony is integral to their case.
In a motion filed last month, they said they had no deal in place with Risen and that his lawyers had said that, even if subpoenaed, he would refuse to provide any substantive testimony at the trial.
The trial has long been delayed while lawyers have debated whether Risen enjoys any kind of immunity from being compelled to testify about his interactions with anonymous sources.
In June, the Supreme Court let stand a ruling from a federal appellate court that Risen could be subpoenaed.

No inputs to suggest Al-Qaeda  ISIS planning to target IndiaAl-Qaeda
(It is learnt that Asim Umar…)
NEW DELHI: There are no intelligence inputs to suggest that Al-Qaeda and ISIS terror groups are working together to target Indian cities, Rajya Sabha was informed today.
Minister of State for Home Haribhai Parathibhai Chaudhary , however, said a video was uploaded on September 3, 2014 containing the speech of Sheikh Ayman Al-Zawahiri of Al-Qaeda, in which he announced the establishment of a new Wing of Al-Qaeda, namely 'Al-Qaeda in Indian Sub-Continent' (AQIS).
It is learnt that Asim Umar and Usama Mehmood have been appointed as the 'Amir' (chief) and 'spokesperson' respectively of AQIS , he said.
Chaudhary also said Abu Bakar Al-Baghdadi of ISIS in a video, uploaded on June 29, 2014 on internet, highlighted the alleged plight of Muslims in various countries including India and stated that rights of Muslims are forcibly being seized in these countries.
"However, there are no intelligence inputs about specific threat to Bengaluru city by these two outfits," he said.
The Minister said there is a very close and effective coordination amongst intelligence agencies at the Centre and the state levels on intelligence sharing.
The intelligence inputs about possible designs and threats are shared with the state governments concerned on a regular basis, he said.
"The Multi Agency Centre has been strengthened and re-organised to enable it to function on 24x7 basis for real time collation and sharing of intelligence with other intelligence agencies and states, which ensures seamless flow of information between the state and the Central agencies.
"This has resulted in busting of many terror modules, thus neutralising major terror attack plans. In addition, the Government continues to take all necessary steps to safeguard India's territorial integrity and safety/security of its people," Chaudhary said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil spill taking its toll in Bangladesh Sundarbans  say activistsOil spill taking its toll in Bangladesh Sundarbans  say activists
4 ways policyholders will benefit from Insurance Bill4 ways policyholders will benefit from insurance bill
Lingaa  Box Office Collection: Rajinikanth s Film Makes Huge Openings; Set to BLingaa  Box Office Collection: Rajinikanth s Film Makes Huge Openings; Set to B
Warner  Aaron and Dhawan Lose Their Cool; Kohli  Plays PeacemakerWarner  Aaron and Dhawan Lose Their Cool; Kohli  Plays Peacemaker
Watch Champions Trophy 2014 Hockey Semifinals Live: India vs Pakistan Live StreaWatch Champions Trophy 2014 Hockey Semifinals Live: India vs Pakistan Live Strea
Saradha scam: BJP demands Mamata Banerjee s resignationCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
The Opposition on Friday came down heavily on West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) demanding her resignation over the arrest of state transport minister Madan Mitra in connection with the multi-crore Saradha chitfund scam.
BJP national secretary Siddharth Nath Singh said the investigation was slowly leading to Banerjee’s doorstep and Madan Mitra’s arrest showed the TMC leadership was neck deep in the multi-crore scam.
“It is time for Mamata Banerjee to resign taking moral responsibility. Mitra’s arrest shows that the TMC leadership is neck deep in the Saradha scam and the dots are leading to Mamata Banerjee’s doorstep,” Singh told PTI.
“While addressing a rally last year Mamata Banerjee had said is Kunal a thief, is Madan a thief, is Srinjoy a thief, is Mukul a thief, am I a thief?
Now Kunal, Srinjoy and Madan are behind bars. It is Bhag Madan Bhag in 2014. It will be Bhag Mukul Bhag in 2015 and Bhag Mamata Bhag in 2016,” Singh told a news channel later.
Leader of Opposition in the state Assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra demanded immediate interrogation of the Chief Minister including others in the Saradha scam.
“Mamata Banerjee should be quizzed immediately in the Saradha scam,” Mishra, a CPI(M) Politburo member, said.
CPI(M) MP Mohammed Salim said, “Madan Mitra is not only a minister, but also a close aide of Mamata Banerjee. He was also a poster boy of the TMC in organising goons and youths for rallies.”
“Now the people of Bengal are getting impatient. They want more culprits to be arrested in the Saradha scam. Saradha owner and TMC top leadership were operating as a joint venture in Bengal,” he claimed.
With several sports clubs deciding to hit the streets against the arrest of Madan Mitra, BJP state president Rahul Sinha said the CBI should also look into the accounts of these clubs.
“It is well known that Saradha money was given to various clubs and when these clubs are hitting the streets against this latest arrest, then there is something wrong. CBI should look into their accounts too,” he said.
Congress leader Abdul Mannan also demanded an explanation from Mamata Banerjee for Mitra’s arrest and resign.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Mint - Make In India DiscussionKunj Bansal of Centrum Wealth Management is upbeat on the PSU banking space and would be a buyer in them.  He thinks there is more value in PSU banks than private sector banks....
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

Indian economy: Inflation on track; IIP comes as a shockerIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
Retail inflation dropped to 4.4% in November- largely led by falling vegetable prices. As the strong base effect wears off next month, inflation will bounce back up.
However, we expect falling oil prices, lower MSP increases and proactive measures taken by the government to contain inflation close to 6% in Q4. With inflation falling and industrial growth still not picking up, we expect the RBI to cut rates by April 2015.
Read full report
Industrial production shocked in October, as it fell by 4.2%, led by a 7.6% fall in manufacturing output. A word of caution – today’s figures could be overstating the downturn in industrial production as the data is generally very volatile and subject to revision.
That said the demand for consumer goods remained weak despite the festive season.
And though inflation fell rapidly, a dent in farm incomes due to poor monsoon season is believed to have kept consumption demand low.
Meanwhile, investment demand stayed weak, as capital goods production fell faster than in Q2. Consumption turned out to be a much bigger drag on IIP.
Post Comments
More from economy

Dow drops 300 points  largest weekly drop since 2011You are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
Dow drops 300 points as US stocks plunge
AP Dec 13, 2014, 03.24AM IST
(US oil prices fell to a fresh…)
NEW YORK: The Dow plummeted more than 300 points Friday as US stocks took cues from a rout in European equities following another big drop in oil prices.
At the closing bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at 17,292.84, down 303.50 points (1.72 per cent).
The broad-based S&P 500 sank 32.35 (1.59 per cent) to 2,002.98, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index slumped 54.57 (1.16 per cent) to 4,653.60.
Losses in European markets were even deeper. Britain's FTSE 100 index fell about 2.5 per cent and equity markets in France and Germany each lost more than 2.7 per cent.
US oil prices fell to a fresh five-year low of $57.81 a barrel after the International Energy Agency cut its oil-demand forecast for 2015.
Michael James, managing director of Wedbush Securities, said lower oil prices benefit consumers, but traders have been unnerved by the speed of the free-fall in crude prices.
"Projects might be put on hold in the oil sector and the are questions for the companies that bring financing," he said. "That creates uncertainty and that creates selling."
FEATURED ARTICLES

HC dismisses plea for action against firms like UberRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
The Delhi High Court today dismissed a plea seeking action against all internet companies, like Uber, which have failed to appoint a grievance officer in compliance of the court’s earlier order.
A bench of justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul dismissed as withdrawn an application filed by K N Govindacharya, saying if there is non-compliance of its order, then a contempt petition be filed.
The High Court had on August 23, last year directed internet companies to display on their website the name and contact details of a grievance officer to deal with complaints by internet users as mandated under Information Technology (Intermediaries) Rules.
The application, filed through advocate Virag Gupta, had contended that despite the August 23, 2013 order by the High Court, it has not been implemented by the Centre.
Additional Solicitor General (ASG) Sanjay Jain refuted the contention and said the Centre has from time to time issued advisories to the intermediaries to appoint a grievance officer and the Secretary, Information Technology, was not at fault as claimed by the applicant.
He also said that another advisory on similar lines will be issued soon as a measure of abundant caution.
The application had sought a direction to the Centre to prosecute all such companies, including Uber, which had failed to appoint a grievance officer.
Uber, a driver of which had allegedly raped a 27-year- old woamn in Delhi, had never appointed a grievance and was doing huge business which reflected failure of governance, the plea had said.
It had also said that more than 20 such taxi companies and thousands of other companies for various services were still operating and doing business in India without complying with various laws and orders.
Post Comments
More from companies

Ex-Jharkhand CM Koda charge-sheeted in coal scamEx-Jharkhand CM Koda charge-sheeted in coal scam
French court says Uber may infringe on taxi lawFrench court says Uber may infringe on taxi law
PTI
Tweet
Paris, Dec 13:  
A French court on Friday ruled that Uber’s ride-hailing service may infringe French law and ordered the company to make changes to its popular mobile app-based service.
However, the court did not ban the popular service, which was launched earlier this year in France and matches people seeking rides with drivers through a mobile phone app.
The contretemps is the latest in a string of challenges that Uber and other ride-hailing companies such as Lyft face around the world, as taxi drivers argue the new car services have an unfair advantage because they don’t have to follow the same regulations and can afford cheaper prices.
The Paris Commercial Court said on Friday it is ordering Uber to withdraw from its app to French users “all mention suggesting it is legal” for Uber’s drivers to act like taxis that is, driving around and waiting for clients.
The court also said it is up to a French criminal court to decide if Uber should be fined.
Earlier this year, in a case brought by taxi and limousine companies, Uber was convicted by the criminal court of engaging in misleading commercial practices. The ride-hailing service is appealing the verdict, but a ruling is not expected for several months.
Uber did not immediately return calls seeking comment about today’s ruling.
Maxime de Guillenchmidt, a lawyer representing limousine companies that brought the commercial court lawsuit, said they are only partially satisfied by its verdict. “We wanted the court to immediately order Uber to stop this service, which infringes the law,” Guillenchmidt said. “Uber has won time during which they will win lots of market share.”
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Ebola death toll climbs to 6 583Ebola death toll climbs to 6,583
PTI
Tweet
Geneva, Dec 13:  
Nearly 6,600 people have now died from the Ebola virus, almost all of them in west Africa, the World Health Organisation said today.
The UN health agency reported that as of December 10, there had been 18,188 cases of infection from the deadly virus in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, of whom 6,583 people had died.
WHO did not provide an update of cases in other countries, but on Wednesday said the death toll remained the same: six in Mali, one in the US, and eight in Nigeria, which was declared Ebola free in October.
Spain and Senegal, which have both been declared free from Ebola, meanwhile counted one case each, but no deaths.
Sierra Leone, which earlier this week overtook Liberia as the nation with the most infections, counted 8,069 cases and 1,899 deaths on December 10.
The toll up until December 7 stood at 7,897 cases and 1,768 deaths.
Liberia, long the hardest-hit country, has meanwhile seen a clear decrease in transmission over the past month.
As of December 7, the country counted 7,765 cases and 3,222 deaths, up from the 7,719 infections and 3,177 deaths tallied four days earlier.
In Guinea, where the outbreak started nearly a year ago, 2,354 Ebola cases and 1,462 deaths were recorded as of December 10. Three days earlier, the country counted 2,292 Ebola cases and 1,428 deaths.
Ebola, one of the deadliest viruses known to man, is spread only through direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person showing symptoms such as fever or vomiting.
People caring for the sick or handling the bodies of people infected with Ebola are especially exposed.
As of December 7, a total of 639 healthcare workers were known to have contracted the virus, and 349 of them had died, WHO said.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Black Money: Rs 4479 crore traced by SIT in Swiss banksHi Guest
Black Money: Names on HSBC list held Rs 4,479 cr in Swiss banks
(SIT) in its second report submitted to the Supreme Court has revealed that persons on the HSBC list held Rs. 4,479 crores in Swiss banks. In an official statement released by the SIT, it said that out of 628 names on the HSBC list received from France, 201 ...

CIA information leak: Justice wont ask reporter James Risen to divulgesourceBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:47 pm
The Justice Department has ruled out forcing New York Times reporter James Risen to divulge his source in the upcoming trial of a former CIA officer accused of leaking classified information, a person familiar with the matter said Friday night.
The decision comes ahead of a Tuesday court hearing at which Justice Department prosecutors were directed to reveal whether they planned to seek Risen’s testimony. It also resolves a standoff between Risen and the government that threatened to end with him being held in contempt of court.
The person briefed on the matter spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the decision had not yet been formally announced. The source said it was still possible the Justice Department would seek testimony from Risen, but not about his source.
Prosecutors allege that Jeffrey Sterling disclosed to Risen classified information about operations in Iran. They have said that Risen’s testimony is integral to their case.
In a motion filed last month, they said they had no deal in place with Risen and that his lawyers had said that, even if subpoenaed, he would refuse to provide any substantive testimony at the trial.
The trial has long been delayed while lawyers have debated whether Risen enjoys any kind of immunity from being compelled to testify about his interactions with anonymous sources.
In June, the Supreme Court let stand a ruling from a federal appellate court that Risen could be subpoenaed.

Focus shifts to RBI as green shootswiltNew Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:45 pm
Industrial production unexpectedly dropped to a three-year trough of 4.2% in October, the first contraction this fiscal, offering a reality check of the state of the economy since the Narendra Modi-led NDA stormed to power. Private consumption, for long a laggard, plummeted further and manufacturing growth hit a three-year low of -7.6% in October, while retail inflation eased to a fresh low of 4.38% last month, building an irresistible case for the RBI to effect the much-anticipated monetary policy shift in its next bi-monthly review on February 3, if not earlier.
The government, however, revised the September growth in the index of industrial production (IIP) to 2.8% against 2.5% announced earlier.
Importantly, “radio, TV and communications equipment and apparatus” — which has been witnessing negative growth this fiscal, especially after the disruption of Nokia’s operations in Tamil Nadu — contracted 70.2% in October due to complete stoppage of production at the plant.
Exclusive of this segment, the overall industrial production would have shrunk by just 0.2%. Yet, given that consumer durables contracted 35.2% in October and capital goods output shrank 2.3%, the economy is clearly yet to turn the corner.

Holiday season in key markets will pull down TCS Q3 resultsYou are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
Holiday season in key markets will pull down TCS’ Q3 results
ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 01.09PM IST
Tags:
EBITA
(The company, in a mid-quarter…)
NEW DELHI: Tata Consultancy Services , India's largest information technology outsourcing company said it expects a seasonally weak third quarter, because of the holiday season in its key markets impacting some of its main verticals.
The company, in a mid-quarter business update on Friday, said it expects weakness in its retail, manufacturing, hi-tech due to furlough impact during the quarter. The banking and financial services business would be impacted by insurance and banking products, while telecom was likely to be "slightly better" than other verticals, it added.
The third quarter, ending December, is seasonally weak for IT outsourcing companies due to holidays in the United States and Europe- their biggest markets.
While TCS expects business in North America to be in line with its expectations, adjusted for seasonal weakness; it said Europe would grow better than average. India business saw a very strong last quarter, and "that momentum will improve," said Rajesh Gopinathan , chief financial officer, in a conference call with analysts. He added that the overall demand environment would remain fragile. The company however, maintained its EBITA margin target band.
Shares of TCS closed down 1.48% at Rs 2455.70 on Friday on the BSE. They fell over 2% earlier in the day after news that the company would be starting a restructuring exercise under which some of its non-performing senior executives would be asked to leave.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold sees biggest weekly rise in 2 monthsGold sees biggest weekly rise in 2 months as stocks, dollar slip
Reuters Dec 13, 2014, 10.04AM IST
(The spot market briefly…)
NEW YORK/LONDON: Gold edged lower on Friday as some buyers cashed in recent gains, but the metal had its biggest weekly rise in two months as the dollar retreated and sliding oil prices hurt risk appetite.
Gold was up 2.5 per cent this week after Tuesday's big rally. Falling stock markets have prompted some investors to buy the metal as an alternative asset, while a drop in the greenback made dollar-priced bullion cheaper for holders of other currencies.
"When the equity markets dropped quite sharply, precious metals soared, so there is definitely still the link between equities and gold in particular (due to) risk appetite among market players," Commerzbank analyst Daniel Briesemann said.
"Some of the equity markets had a decent run this year. We don't expect this to be continued to the same extent next year, so this might give some tailwind to gold prices."
Spot gold was down 0.5 per cent at $1,221.66 an ounce by 3:38 p.m. EST (2038 GMT), while US gold futures for February delivery settled down 0.3 per cent at $1,222.50, but were up 2.7 per cent for the week.
The spot market briefly fell as much as 1 per cent to $1,215.60 after a survey showed US consumer sentiment rose in December to a new eight-year high.
"What we're looking at here is better retail sales," said Eli Tesfaye, senior market strategist for RJO Futures in Chicago.
"These better numbers basically are going to bolster the case for the Federal Reserve to be more hawkish going forward. That's never good news for gold."
The dollar index was down 0.4 per cent, and European stocks slid more than 2 per cent, with further declines in the price of oil hitting energy shares and political concerns over Greece also curbing risk appetite.
European shares posted their biggest weekly loss since mid-2011, while US stocks also fell, putting the benchmark S&P 500 on track for its first weekly decline in eight.
The improved sentiment toward gold showed in the holdings of the world's top bullion-backed exchange-traded fund, SPDR Gold Trust, which rose 0.13 per cent to 725.75 tonnes on Thursday, up nearly 5 tonnes this week.
That marks the second straight week of inflows and the biggest weekly increase in its holdings since early July.
Among other precious metals, silver was down 0.5 per cent at $17.00 an ounce, while spot platinum fell 1.1 per cent to $1,224.50. Spot palladium was down 0.7 per cent at $810.30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government May Reap Rs 75 000 Cr Budget Windfall From Oil FallGovernment May Reap Rs 75 000 Cr Budget Windfall From Oil Fall
Mitra s arrest: Manish Tewari backs Mamata  pulls up BJPMitra s arrest: Manish Tewari backs Mamata  pulls up BJP
Russian minister proposes abolishing visas for Indian citizensRussian minister proposes abolishing visas for Indian citizens
`Consumer protection is lynchpin of financial legislations`Consumer protection is lynchpin of all financial legislation’
Our Bureau
The Hindu Justice BN Srikrishna
Mumbai, December 13:  
Consumer protection is the lynchpin of all financial legislation in the country, said Justice BN Srikrishna, former judge of the Supreme Court and head of the financial sector legislative reforms commission (FSLRC), at a conference here. 
He was speaking at the annual convention of the Association of National Exchanges Members of India (ANMI) on the theme of financial literacy.
Srikrishna added that the FSLRC was designed with consumer at the centre. Inculcating the concept of financial management through formal education gives investors "the confidence to walk into a financial market and strike a good bargain."
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Current selling pressure may create opportunities to buy: Sukhani11 December 2014
Thursday
Markets continue to fall; short term trend remains down; Nifty closes below 8300, with next support level at 8200; current selling pressure may create opportunities to buy next week.
Bank Nifty remains inside its trading range inside 18300 - 18800. Prices are trading very choppy. Decline continues in CNX IT. Prices are now trading near its support at 11000.
We have SILVER MINI in METAL SECTION. We will discuss a trade in this instrument. We have MEDIA in Sector Focus. Short Term and Intermediate Trend is sideways in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of MEDIA Stocks. Stock in focus includes GLENMARK, JSWENERGY, APOLLOTYRE and TATASTEEL. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss USDINR in Currency Tracker Section.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Centre  States Make Headway on GST Differences: ReportArun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
New Delhi: The Centre and states on Thursday made "some headway" in resolving issues that have been holding up a consensus on bringing the long-delayed GST bill to replace all indirect taxes.
The headway was achieved after a meeting of the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers' Chairman A R Rather with Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley late on Thursday evening.
After three rounds of discussions on Thursday -- one of the empowered commitee members and two with Mr Jaitley -- the centre offered an olive branch to the states who have been holding up the bill because they did not want petroleum products and entry tax to be a part of the GST regime.
The centre said the states will be compensated for all possible revenue losses in whatever form they want, sources said.
States have said they will respond to Centre's proposal shortly, sources added.
"We have made some headway. We will meet the Union Finance Minister again in a week's time," Rather told reporters after a series of meetings.
Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha also said that a "very good progress" has been made. The fine print of "progress" could not be ascertained.
The centre wants to introduce the GST regime, hanging in balance for last 6-7 years, by April 1, 2016.
The states want the Centre to provide for a Compensation Fund mentioned in the Goods and Services Tax (GST) Bill.
Sources said Mr Jaitley has told the states that GST is hanging fire for over 6 years now and the trust deficit should end since the Centre has promised to compensate the states fully for any revenue loss.
Earlier in the day at a meeting of the empowered committee, the states had rejected the draft GST Bill saying it does not address their concerns, particularly on compensation structure, entry tax and taxation of petroleum products.
Government sources said the language of the Constitution Amendment Bill was derived from the first minutes of the Bhubaneswar meeting of Empowered Committee.
"There are two-three more concerns which we will address," the source said.
"For all states which are consumers, GST will be beneficial. For Maharashtra and Gujarat it is challenging. We have found out a way," the source said.
To compensate the states for revenue loss, Mr Jaitley on Wednesday had announced releasing Rs 11,000 crore as part compensation which will make up for the states' revenue loss till 2010-11 on account of phasing out the Central Sales Tax regime currently in place.
The GST roll-out has missed several deadlines because of lack of consensus among states over certain crucial issues on the proposed new indirect tax regime.
Story first published on: December 11, 2014 23:34 (IST)

Mr. Manis untenable positionUpdated: December 12, 2014 05:46 IST
Mr. Mani’s untenable position
corruption & bribery
With a case of corruption now registered against him, Kerala’s Finance Minister K.M. Mani should resign from the Cabinet instead of continuing to protest his innocence in the face of escalating allegations. Mr. Mani, the leader of the Kerala Congress (M), a key constituent of the ruling Congress-led United Democratic Front, is entitled to his hope and faith that he would be proven innocent in the probe being conducted by a special cell of the Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau. But political propriety demands that he step down, and not give room for suspicion that he could misuse his office to scuttle the investigation. The case, registered after a preliminary inquiry into the allegation and recording of the statements of several people including Mr. Mani, is that the Finance Minister had accepted Rs.1 crore as bribe from the Kerala Bar Hotel Owners’ Association for help in the reopening of bars in the State. For Mr. Mani to take cover under the argument that in the past similar cases had been registered against several Ministers in the State is unacceptable. If people’s confidence in the government is not to be shaken, Mr. Mani will have to step aside till his name is cleared in the investigation.
The UDF government headed by Oommen Chandy is functioning with a razor-thin majority, and there is some concern that these allegations might possibly have something to do with attempts at toppling the government. The KC (M) has in the past switched allegiance from one front to another, and the party remains in a position to bring down the government. Some of the KC (M) functionaries see the political insecurity of a section of the Congress leadership as being behind the troubles of Mr. Mani. But, whether or not Mr. Mani was framed by his political rivals will be known only at the end of a comprehensive investigation into the charges of bribery. There is little to be gained by floating conspiracy theories of devious political machinations, and playing the injured victim. Chief Minister Chandy is in no position to dictate terms to Mr. Mani or the KC (M). But the longer he takes to act decisively on this issue, the sooner he will surrender the political advantage to the opposition Left Democratic Front, which is spearheading an agitation on this very issue. Mr. Chandy might be buying time, but doing nothing in the face of such serious allegations against one of his senior colleagues is certainly not an option. One of the reasons the Congress lost power at the Centre was its unwillingness to drop Ministers of allied parties facing corruption. If Mr. Mani will not go on his own, Mr. Chandy will have to show him the door.

RBI Governor Rajan for Incentivizing Domestic SavingsYou are here: Home Industries
RBI Governor Rajan for Incentivizing Domestic Savings
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 12, 2014 15:39 (IST)
Need to Rethink Strategy for PSU Banks: Banking Secretary
New Delhi: Ahead of the forthcoming Budget, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan on Friday pitched for incentivizing domestic savings to boost investments in the country.
"The income tax benefits for an individual to save have been largely fixed in nominal terms till the recent budget, which means the real value of the benefits has eroded. Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure that the country's investment is largely financed from domestic savings," Mr Rajan said.
He was speaking at the Bharat Ram Memorial Seminar in Ficci.
Mr Rajan said the domestic demand has to be financed responsibly and as far as possible through domestic savings.
"Our banking system is undergoing some stress. Our banks have to learn from past mistakes in project evaluation and structuring as they finance the immense needs of the economy," he said.
The RBI chief also said the banks would have to improve their efficiency as they compete with new players such as the recently licensed universal banks as well as the soon-to-be licensed payment banks and small finance banks.
"At the same time, we should not make their task harder by creating impediments in the process of turning around, or recovering stressed assets. The RBI, the government, as well as the courts have considerable work to do here," he added. On inflation, he said the RBI will have discussions with the government regarding the medium-term inflation band of 2-6 per cent.
"Going forward, we will discuss with the government an appropriate timeline in which the economy should move to the centre of the medium term inflation band of 2-6 per cent," the RBI Governor said.
Further on the monetary side, he said that a central bank focused primarily on keeping inflation low and stable will ensure the best conditions for growth.
"In reacting to developments, however, the central bank has to recognise that emerging markets are not as resilient as industrial economies. So the path of disinflation cannot be as steep as in an industrial economy because an emerging market is more fragile, and people's buffers and safety nets are thinner," he added.
A "Volker (former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker)" like disinflation was never on the cards in India, "but an Urjit Patel glide path fits us very well, ensuring moderate growth even while we dis-inflate", he added.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 15:32 (IST)

Government to Not Implement Banking Transaction Tax: Jayant SinhaYou are here: Home Industries
Government to Not Implement Banking Transaction Tax
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 12, 2014 18:58 (IST)
Need to Rethink Strategy for PSU Banks: Banking Secretary
New Delhi: The government is not considering implementing Banking Transaction Tax to replace all taxes in the country, Parliament was informed on Friday.
Banking Cash Transaction Tax (BCTT) was introduced in June 2005 to track unaccounted money and trace its source and destination, but was withdrawn in April 2009.
"There is no proposal to implement Banking Transaction Tax to replace all taxes in the country," Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
Earlier this month, a high level official panel had proposed levying of Banking Transaction Tax on withdrawal of cash beyond a specified limit in a day to check black money.
The report by Tax Administration and Reform Commission (TARC), headed by Parthasarathi Shome, said there was no instrument currently captures details of cash withdrawals from bank accounts.
It said such information would help the I-T department widen its information base on the use of black money.
"Alternatively, BCTT should be reinstated as an effective administrative measure," the report had said.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 16:18 (IST)

Incorrect map of India on Google websites: Government24
1
New Delhi: Survey of India has found out that Google is displaying incorrect map of India on its different websites, the government on Friday said.
In a written reply to a question in the Lok Sabha, Minister of State in the Information and Broadcasting Ministry Rajyavardhan Rathore said that after complaints regarding display of incorrect map were received, Survey of India had looked in to the matter.
"On receipt of complaints regarding display of incorrect map of India by Google, Survey of India found that Google is displaying incorrect map of India on its different websites namely www.google.co.in (India), www.ditu.google.co.ch (China), www.google.pk (Pakistan) and www.google.org(General).
"Nodal officer has been appointed by the Survey of India to deal with such complaints," the Minister said.
#google #india #lok sabha #india map
He further said that displaying incorrect map of India is an offence under section 69-A of Information Technology Act, 2000.
Accordingly, matter was taken up by the Survey of India with Ministry of Communication and Information Technology, Ministry of Home Affairs and Ministry of Defence in a letter dated May 16, 2013 for necessary preventive or legal action at their end, the Minister said in his reply.
"Nodal officer has been appointed by the Survey of India to deal with such complaints," the Minister added.
In a written reply to another question, Rathore said that the grant of registration to Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation Limited as MSO in DAS notified areas is linked with the formulation of policy based on TRAI recommendations.
Rathore also informed the Lok Sabha that TRAI had in its recommendations dated November 12, 2008 recommended that Government entities should not be allowed to enter into business of broadcasting and or distribution of TV channels.
"Examination of all recommendations as part of policy making is a continuous process that is undertaken from time to time," Rathore said.
48

Lok Sabha Passes Coal Block Allocations BillYou are here: Home Industries
Lok Sabha Passes Bill on Coal Block Allocations
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 12, 2014 21:32 (IST)
Need to Rethink Strategy for PSU Banks: Banking Secretary
New Delhi: The Lok Sabha on Friday passed a Bill which provides for fresh auction of 204 coal blocks de-allocated by the Supreme Court in September with the government allaying apprehensions of some parties that the legislation would lead to privatisation of the sector.
The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, which replaces and Ordinance promulgated in October, was passed by voice vote overcoming demands by some opposition parties it be sent to the Parliamentary Standing Committee for closer scrutiny.
The Bill provides for "allocation of coal mines and vesting of the right, title and interest in and over the land and mine infrastructure, together with mining leases, to successful bidders and allottees through a transparent bidding process".
"This will ensure continuity in coal mining operations and production of coal. The bill prescribes the conditions to rationalise the coal sector for mining operations, consumption and sale."
Replying to the debate, Coal Minister Piyush Goyal allayed concerns raised by some members that the new legislation would pave the way for de-nationalisation or privatisation of the coal sector.
"We are in fact strengthening" Coal India Limited, he said.
Contending that new law will encourage transparency as allocation would be made through e-auction, he said the effort was to undo the damage caused during the previous UPA government when coal blocks were "given free".
Responding to concerns about the workers' welfare, the minister said there are enough laws to protect their interest and the new law will give maximum benefits to the people displaced by coal mine projects.
"In all aspects, we have covered eastern states, interest of workers and overall economy of the country," Mr Goyal said.
Talking about the Ordinance as well as the Bill, the minister said timely action taken by the government would benefit the coal-producing states of Jharkhand, Chattisgarh, Odisha and West Bengal. Besides, it would be beneficial for the power sector and consumers as a whole.
"Lakhs of crores or rupees would be going to the coal producing states like Jharkhand, Chattisgarh, Odisha and West Bengal... Provisions are there in the bill to ensure that funds will go directly to these states," he said.
The Ordinance was issued in October to facilitate auctioning of the cancelled blocks and the first round would see auction of 74 blocks.
Referring to concerns raised by members about coal production in the country, Goyal said Coal India Limited has the potential to produce one billion tonnes of coal.
"Government is looking to further strengthen Coal India," the minister said while noting that more than 200 mines are yet to be explored by the state-run miner.
Clearances for mining and related activities at coal blocks would be faster in the present regime than what was seen before, he said.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 19:01 (IST)

GMR Buys 44.61% Stake in Join Venture With Malaysian FirmYou are here: Home Corporates
GMR Buys 44.61% Stake in JV With Malaysian Firm
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 00:26 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
Hyderabad: GMR Infrastructure on Friday said its subsidiary operating the city airport has acquired a 44.61 per cent stake in joint venture firm MAS GMR Aerospace Engineering Company (MGAE) from its Malaysian partner.
"Post-acquisition MGAE has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of GHIAL (GMR Hyderabad International Airport)," GMR Infrastructure said in a filing to the BSE.
GMR Hyderabad International Airport on December 12 acquired 9,67,50,000 shares of face value of Rs 10 each, representing a 44.61 per cent stake in MGAE, from Malaysia Aerospace for a "nominal" consideration, the filing noted. 
GHIAL bought the stake from Malaysia Aerospace Engineering SDN BHD (MAE).
Before acquisition of the stake, MGAE was a joint venture company of GHIAL and MAE, the filing said.
The decision to acquire the stake came after the Malaysian partner expressed inability to infuse more funds into the loss making MRO facility, GMR Infra had said earlier. MAE had informed its Indian partner that its parent, Malaysia Airlines Systems, has been incurring losses for the past few years.
The losses have been further aggravated by the mysterious disappearance of Malaysia Airlines' flight MH370 in March this year.
MGAE started commercial operations in November 2011. The company has incurred cumulative losses of Rs 240.30 crore as on March 31, 2014. The promoters have been mostly funding the operations, a GMR official had earlier said.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 23:02 (IST)

London airspace closed due to computer failureDec 12, 2014 at 11:00pm IST
London airspace closed due to computer failure
51
2
London: London airspace has been closed due to a computer failure, UK air traffic controllers said on Friday.
The news was announced in a brief message on flight safety body Eurocontrol's website. UK air traffic controllers, called NATS, confirmed that a "technical problem" at its Swanwick control centre in Hampshire will keep the airspace shut until 0030 IST Saturday (1900 GMT, Friday). It is believed to be due to a power outage.
NATS said in a statement that "every possible action" was being taken to resolve the problem. "We apologise for any delays and our incident response team has been mobilised. Every possible action is being taken to assist in resolving the situation and to confirm the details. Further information will be released as it becomes available," it said.
UK air traffic controllers, called NATS, confirmed that a "technical problem" at its Swanwick control centre in Hampshire will keep the airspace shut until 0030 IST Saturday (1900 GMT, Friday). It is believed to be due to a power outage.
#london #uk #computer #airport heathrow airport
London's Heathrow Airport reported flights were "currently experiencing delays".
Eurocontrol said, "There has been a failure of the flight data computer server at London ACC (area control centre). Engineers are working on the problem and more information will be given when available."
108

Government Finalises Rules for Coal Mines AuctionYou are here: Home Industries
Government Finalises Rules for Coal Mines Auction
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 00:35 (IST)
Need to Rethink Strategy for PSU Banks: Banking Secretary
New Delhi: The government on Friday said it has finalised rules for the auction of 204 coal mines that were deallocated by the Supreme Court.
The rules pave the way for auction of 92 coal blocks, including 42 under production, in the first phase of bidding on February 11.
"A draft of the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Rules, 2014 which the Central government proposes to make under the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance, 2014 was placed on the website... Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Rules, 2014 were finalised after considering the objections and suggestions," the Coal Ministry said on its website.
Separately, earlier in the day, the Lok Sabha passed a Bill which provides for fresh auction of 204 coal blocks deallocated by the Supreme Court in September, with the government allaying apprehensions of some parties that the legislation would lead to privatisation of the sector.
The ministry further said that it had requested the members of public and all the persons likely to be affected to submit their objections and suggestions, if any, to the government.
"In response to such public notice the Ministry of Coal received objections and suggestions from the members of the public and the persons likely to be affected thereby," the ministry said.
The ministry also said that if any further objections and suggestions are received on the rules, they will be considered and "the rules shall be suitably amended".
Out of the 92 coal blocks to be alloted and auctioned in the first lot, 57 mines would be given to the power sector, while the rest would be for sectors like steel and cement, the government had earlier said.
Of the 57 blocks to be allotted and auctioned for the power sector, 23 will be considered for allotment to states and the rest will be put for auction.
The apex court had termed the allocation of 204 mines since 1993 as "arbitrary and illegal".
The government has already made it clear that the number of mines a company can bid will be capped to avoid monopoly.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 20:22 (IST)

Lima climate change talks: The endgame after a leaked agreementLima climate change talks: The endgame after a leaked agreement
Nitin Sethi | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:56 AM IST
On Thursday night, climate negotiations had turned into a script for a thrilling film on international intrigue. A document so far held secret  was inadvertently leaked well before it was planned to be released by the United nations climate change convention secretariat. That set off a series of high-drama sequences which by night time, when talks were suspended again, had plunged the conference into uncertainty.
The two co-chairs of the negotiations and the secretariat had planned to time the release of the document with the opening of talks on Thursday morning.
The document was a replacement of the original draft agreement text that countries had negotiated over the past 10 days. Upon arriving in Lima, all countries had become aware that the agreement in Peru could potentially lock in critical features and content of the global climate change compact to be signed by the end of 2015 in Paris. These features would decide how the economic burden of reducing emissions, adapting to inevitable climate change and financing the entire exercise over the next few decades would shift between developed and developing countries.
The realisation made all countries negotiate furiously over 10 days to insert their ideas and interests in the draft Lima agreement. Consequently, the draft bloated to a 100-page document.
On Wednesday, pointing to the unwieldy draft, several developed regions, including the European Union EU, asked that the co-chairs of the negotiations produce a concise version. Several developing countries, including India, objected immediately. They had become wary of the role of the co-chairs. Over the past week, they had appraised the two — one from the EU and another from Trinidad & Tobago — as being biased in favour of the developed countries. Some had said as much in language that bordered on abuse in the world of international diplomacy.
As talks came to an end on Wednesday night, the co-chairs remained ambiguous about how they would proceed next morning.
The lack of a straightforward commitment that the draft discussed by countries would continue to be the basis for negotiations aroused suspicion in many developing countries.
"It's an old game in multilateral forums. Start with a biased document, make countries react defensively to put their clauses in and make negotiations unwieldy and prolonged, then claim lack of time to produce a new document out of thin air at the last moment. This pressurises countries into a take-it-or-leave-it situation. You can then only do so much to protect your interests in the hours that are left," said a seasoned Indian negotiator at Lima.
RAISING QUESTIONS
Developing countries’ concerns with the new draft Lima decision text
Decision does not respect the existing provisions of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change
At several places, drills holes in the principle of common but differentiated responsibility
Does not bring balance between mitigation, adaptation, finance and technology
Forces a review of developing countries’ actions in 2015 itself without the linkage of finance and technology from developed countries
No concrete measures in the pre-2020 period to get developed countries to increase their commitments
No road map for finance from developed countries
Requires even developing countries to provide finance in future
Has a mandatory prescriptive list of actions that all countries must take, which includes peaking year and other onerous targets
Doesn’t push developed countries hard enough to ratify the second period of Kyoto Protocol
Loss and damage is not set as a separate pillar of climate change talks under the 2015 agreement
Note: Different developing countries have differing degrees of disagreement on these points. Not all issues are absolute non-negotiables for all countries
But Thursday morning held a twist to this old plot. Just as the meeting was to begin, the G77+China group asked for a sudden temporary halt to the discussions on the Lima decisions. They said they were working on a proposal which would break the impasse at the climate talks.
The real reason was that the G77 had got wind of the co-chairs' plans even before the meeting began. They accessed a leaked draft decision text when it was inadvertently put on the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change website for a brief while and then withdrawn. It set alarm bells ringing. A first appraisal made several key G77 countries realise that it was again heavily biased against their interests.
The negotiators assessed that the new document did little to demand higher financial and emission reduction commitments from the developed world in the pre-2020 period. It delinked their existing commitments to provide enabling finance and technology from future commitments of the developing world. It let the developed countries escape any solid roadmap to scale up financial support over the coming years.
The G77+China, which often suffers fissures dividing the 137-country group, came together quickly. As the formal meeting remained held up they strategised to counter the co-chairs' secret text. They narrowed down their own differences on some of the elements of the agreement to present a united front.
So far the leaked draft was being shared only among select negotiators and advisers. Business Standard accessed and reported on this draft. With the leaked draft now in the public domain, the debates became more furious in the gathered civil society groups as well.
When the formal meeting restarted the G77+China showcased how they had reduced their differences and it was possible to do so sitting with the developed countries too over the original document. But the EU, Japan and many others hinted or asked that the co-chairs produce a new text and discard the original one. Everyone's cards were now on the table. Developing countries knew well that the text had already been cooked up.
But the leak and subsequent moves by the G77 group were only a minor glitch in the plan, it became apparent soon.
In a swift move, host Peru's minister designated as the president of the talks under the protocol, stepped in. He pleaded for all countries to work together and not let the Lima talks fail. He promised to work with transparency. But then he turned around to order that a new workable draft agreement be prepared by 9 pm on Thursday night. To several developing country negotiators' surprise, there was resounding applause in the room from others. "We have seen this orchestration before in Cancun (in 2010)," a developing country negotiator said later. The meeting closed.
Harjeet Singh from Action Aid at Lima tweeted, "COP President instructs co-chairs to prepare new #ADP text tonight by 9 pm. Will it be same 'leaked' text or a hugely changed one? #COP20." Another observer at Lima, Doreen Stabinsky, a professor at the College of Atlantic, tweeted, "Political theatre. Script got rewritten a bit this morning, but they are getting back on track."
In a couple of more hours, the co-chairs had put a new text on the website. No surprises this time: it was a near replica of the one that had inadvertently leaked out on Thursday morning. But without opening the floor to discussions, the meeting was shut down for the night by the co-chairs.
Asad Rehman of the Friends of Earth group tweeted, "8 days no negotiations, accidental leaking of secret text, secret text becomes official - voila rich countries get what they want".
Equally, there were others in civil society and among negotiators who were not as unhappy with the turn of events.
Now there are only eight hours of negotiating time left on Friday and the countries have a new draft agreement to sign on or fight over.
"They have inserted clauses all over that blow punches at the differentiation between countries. Obligations of not just emission reduction but even finance are being hoisted inequitably over developing countries," said an Indian delegate.
An African delegate said they were worried the agreement had nothing concrete on the financial commitments of the developed countries. "In fact, their commitments are being reduced to focus only on the most vulnerable countries. Even African countries would be left out of the benefits," he added.
The draft agreement has options to choose from in some sections. But several negotiators Business Standard spoke to said these  were false choices. "It's like forcing surgery on a healthy person and giving him two options - suffer it with anesthesia or without," said a negotiator from the Like-Minded Developing Country group.
None of them was willing to talk about the strategic moves their countries would make on Friday, if at all, to claw back into the negotiations. At the time of writing this report it was 7:30 am at Lima. The talks were to begin at 10 am. Two sets of negotiators said it had been a sleepless night for them. Friday is set for the endgame.

Use Credit Cards a Lot Tips to Save MoreYou are here: Home Your Money
Use Credit Cards a Lot? Five Tips to Save More
BankBazaar.com | Updated On: December 19, 2014 13:59 (IST)
Deadline to Exchange Pre-2005 Notes Extended
Amit, a Bangalore-based entrepreneur, was a frequent traveler. He was spending for all his ticket purchases with his debit card until a friend suggested him to go for a travel-centric credit card. Amit applied for such a card, which collaborated with various domestic and international airlines offering discounted fares. Now, he could save a lot of money on his travels as every rupee spent on booking tickets and accommodations got added to his card's air miles, helping him save on his next buy.
In addition to this, Amit was able to relax in some of the most exotic airport lounges free of cost, something he earlier used to pay for.
Like Amit, many individuals today use credit cards smartly as a powerful money saving tool. If used smartly, you too will find it quite easy and effective.
Here are five ways in which credit cards can help you save money:
1) Using rewards points but not reward cards always
You already know about reward points on credit card. Different card companies have different point systems depending on the type of the card, which you can claim for cash discounts while purchasing from their collaborated retail chains and sites.
But this does not mean that you should always opt for a reward card. Many reward cards come with higher interest rates as compared to regular cards. Credit cards give you an additional edge of saving money, but if you are in a habit of not paying the balance in full, don't go for one.
For example, some regular cards charge 1.49-2.45 per cent interest per month for late payments. The same bank's reward cards, however, charge 3.45 per cent on late payments, which actually means you are not saving but spending more, if you are paying only minimum.
2) Choosing the best card
Choose a card that specifically suits your lifestyle. If you travel to your office in your own vehicle every day, a fuel card is a much better option than a reward card. On the other hand, if you don't use your vehicle much for travelling and live in a joint family, a shopping card will be beneficial as the entire purchases of your house can be streamed to it, provided that you repay before the due date. If you are not an avid shopper, a cash back card will be a good option for you, as you can claim instant cash discounts instead of waiting for centrain points to get accumulated. If you are a frequent air traveler, a travel card as a secondary card is a must have.
3) Saving on air travel
If you are a frequent flier, a travel-centric credit card is a must-have in order to get incentives on every ticket purchased and hotel booking made. The air miles accumulated can be swapped for your future trips. Using a travel credit card not only offers discount on the basic ticket charges but also an additional brownie for your next buy.
Cards usually pay up to 10 miles for every Rs 100 spent besides features like 10,000 miles with your first spend, 3,000 miles on card renewal etc., which is a good deal if you swipe often for travel and hotel accommodation.
4) Catching up all good offers
Don't just ignore all those promotional mails ending up in your inbox. Some of them might help you in saving, especially those from banks and credit card companies. Card companies run several offers from time to time, and many during festive time. Don't just run behind them and say yes to every one of such opportunities that comes to your way. Instead, make use of those relevant ones. This includes discount on shopping, dining and for swiping at some partnered spas and even at your fitness centre.
5) Playing it safe
Let us say you come across a high yielding equity investment opportunity. But you don't have the money with your right now to invest. Don't let the chance go. Withdraw against your credit card and pay back very fast.
Here's an example:
You withdraw Rs.50,000 using your credit card from an ATM. The advance fee charged by your bank will be 2 per cent, which means you will have to pay Rs 1000. The interest rate for the same is 3.25 per cent, which translates to Rs.1625 a month. When you get your next month's salary and are repaying the cash advance very soon, even if you pay Rs 1625 plus Rs 1000 as a fee for it, you are still a gainer if your fund yields 16-18 per cent returns.
At 16 per cent returns, you earn Rs.8000.
Caution: This is not an idea to be tried by everyone. Do it only if you are financially disciplined and good at paying bills promptly.
CONCLUSION
Credit cards come with a number of schemes and offers to woo customers. It is easy to get carried away with these. But an impulsive spending only put you in wasting than saving. Having multiple cards will not help saving as you can't accumulate your points on one. So don't fall into the trap of attractive sign up bonuses offered by cards.
BankBazaar.com is an online loan marketplace.
Disclaimer: All information in this article has been provided by BankBazaar.com and NDTV Profit is not responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the same.
Story first published on: December 19, 2014 13:54 (IST)

Watch: Tributes paid to martyrs of 2001 Parliament attackFour Pakistan Rangers killed in retaliatory fire by BSF along International Border in Jammu
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Facebook stops including results from Microsoft s Bing search engineDec 13, 2014 at 11:07am IST
Facebook stops including results from Microsoft's Bing search engine
31
1
San Francisco: Facebook has stopped including results from Microsoft's Bing search engine on its social networking site.
The move, confirmed by a company spokesperson, comes as Facebook has revamped its own search offerings, introducing a tool on Monday that allows users to quickly find past comments and other information posted by their friends on Facebook.
The decision may reflect the increasing importance that Facebook sees in Web search technology, a market dominated by rival Google.
The move comes as Facebook has revamped its own search offerings, introducing a tool that allows users to quickly find past comments and other information.
#facebook #microsoft #bing #search engine
Searches on Facebook have long been geared toward helping users connect with friends and to find other information that exists within the walls of the 1.35 billion-user social networking service. But for years, Facebook's search results also included links to standalone websites that were provided by Bing.
"We're not currently showing web search results in Facebook Search because we're focused on helping people find what's been shared with them on Facebook," a company spokesperson told Reuters. "We continue to have a great partnership with Microsoft in lots of different areas."
Microsoft was not immediately available for comment.
Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg has flagged search as one of the company's key growth initiatives, noting in July that there were more than 1 billion search queries occurring on Facebook every day and hinting that the vast amount of information that users share within Facebook could eventually replace the need to search the Web for answers to certain questions.
"There is more than a trillion posts, which some of the search engineers on the team like to remind me, is bigger than any Web search corpus out there," Zuckerberg said on a conference call with analysts in July.
Microsoft's Bing is the No.2 Web search provider in the US, with a nearly 20 percent share of the market according to industry research firm comScore.
Facebook and Microsoft have a longstanding relationship dating back to Microsoft's $240 million investment in Facebook, for a 1.6 per cent stake in the company, in October 2007. As part of that deal, Microsoft provided banner ads on Facebook's website in international markets.
Facebook stopped using Microsoft banner ads in 2010 as it moved to take more control of its advertising business. But Facebook, during that same time, expanded its use of Microsoft Bing search results to international versions of its service.
11

Leaders pay homage to martyrs of ParliamentattackBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:51 pm
Parliamentarians led by Rajya Sabha Chairman Hamid Ansari, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan on Saturday paid homage to martyrs on the 13th anniversary of the attack on Parliament.
UPA Chairperson Sonia Gandhi, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj, Home Minister Rajnath Singh and other members attended a solemn ceremony held in the premises of Parliament.
The leaders, who also included Deputy Speaker of Lok Sabha M Thambi Durai, BJP MP Meenakshi Lekhi and CPI’s D Raja, observed a silence for a while in remembrance of the martyrs and paid them floral tributes.
Family members of some the slain martyrs along with Parliamentarians also paid tribute to them. A blood donation camp was also organised in Parliament premises in the memory of the martyrs.
Speaking on the occasion, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said, “The martyrs, who sacrificed their lives for the security of the biggest temple of democracy, can never be forgotten by the nation. I pay my tribute to them and express my respect to the families of the martyrs.”
Picture gallery:  Prime Minister Narendra Modi salutes martyrs of 2001 Parliament attack
Paying homage to the martyrs, the Prime Minister had earlier tweeted, “We salute martyrs who lost their lives protecting the Temple of our Democracy on this day in 2001. Their sacrifices are etched in our memory”.
Senior BJP leader L K Advani said that the challenge was not limited to that particular day and the nation is facing terrorism for a long time.
“This day reminds us that the threat is not over,” he said.
Advani, who was Home Minister in the first NDA government led by Atal Bihari Vajpayee, recalled that Pakistan, had at time, in a way agreed that it will demolish the terror infrastructure, it had created.
“We had told it that talks will be fruitful only if this step is taken. It is a matter of regret that this step has not been taken so far. Our opinion has always been that our neighbouring country should take this step. Only then our talks will be successful,” Advani told reporters after the ceremony.
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, who was a Union Minister in 2001 in the Vajpayee government, wondered what would have happened even if a single terrorist would have entered Parliament as even the then Prime Minister Vajpayee was inside.
“When the incident happened, we were in shock for some time,” she said recalling that she was not in Parliament at that time but in her ministry.
The Speaker lauded the “bravery”, with which the martyred soldiers fought the terrorists.
Terming the attack on Parliament as an attack on democracy, Constitution and the system, CPI leader D Raja (CPI) said soldiers laid down their lives and made a continued…

Forex reserves dip $1.65 billion  biggest weekly fall in 2monthsPrint
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:48 pm
Foreign exchange reserves fell by $1.65 billion in the week ended December 5 to $314.66 billion, the biggest weekly decline in two months, RBI data showed. Forex assets declined by $867 million during the week to $289.95 billion, indicating the RBI may have sold dollars in the forex market to prevent a sharp fall of the rupee.
The rupee shed 0.81% this week to close at 62.30 on Friday, a 10-month low. According to currency dealers, the central bank has been selling dollars around 62.35/$ level to prevent a further depreciation of the rupee. Baring this likely sale of dollars, RBI has largely been a net buyer of dollars in 2014, both in the spot and forward markets. In fact, some currency market participants believe a large part of the rupee’s depreciation has been due to RBI’s dollar purchases.
During the January-October period, RBI bought a total $24.7 billion to soak up big dollar inflows into the debt market, the central bank’s bulletin shows. Foreign investors have been pumping in dollars, primarily into the debt market.
FIIs have poured $26.2 billion so far in 2014 in bonds. FIIs also invested around $16 billion into equities. This big inflow of dollars has reflected in the forex reserves as well. Since January, reserves showed an accretion of $21.5 billion.

Bengaluru police arrest man allegedly behind pro-IS Twitter handle @ShamiWitnessBengaluru MNC executive behind Islamic State's top Twitter account arrested
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi/Bengaluru, December 13, 2014
First Published: 11:12 IST(13/12/2014) | Last Updated: 21:00 IST(13/12/2014)
Comments
Bengaluru police have arrested Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the man allegedly behind terror group Islamic State’s (IS) most influential Twitter handle.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas has "confessed" he was handling the pro-IS tweeter "@ShamiWitness" and he was particularly close to English-speaking IS terrorists, Karnataka DGP L Pachau told reporters.
  
Bangalore police's investigating officer Hemant Nimbalkar writes on a photograph of Mehdi Masroor Biswas, in his police headquarters office in Bangalore (AP Photo)
He is religious but not a fanatic: Mehdi’s father
An engineer working as "manufacturing executive" with a Bengaluru-based multinational company for an annual package of Rs. 5.3 lakh, he became "a source of incitement and information" for the new ISIS recruits, Pachau said.
DGP Pachau,  along with Bengaluru Police Commissioner M N Reddi, announced the arrest a day after Biwas was identified by UK-based Channel 4 as the elusive handler of the pro-IS Twitter account.
Cases had been registered against Biswas under various provisions of IPC, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act, Reddi said.
.
CCB ON TOP: ISIS Tweeter ideologue Mehdi Masroor Biswas, 24, Engineer arrested at Bengaluru by Crime Branch (CCB)! pic.twitter.com/c8hspLtuvS
— JtCP Crime Bengaluru (@crimebangalore) December 13, 2014
Biswas, who is originally from West Bengal, used to run the Twitter account @ShamiWitness with  over 17,000 followers, “two-thirds of whom are foreign fighters” fighting for the IS in Iraq and Syria. His tweets were seen over 2 million times making him the “most influential twitter account” for the IS.
Son of a retired assistant engineer who worked with the West Bengal Electricity Board, Biswas was tracked to his house through his mobile phone which he did not attempt to switch off.
Biswas was interested in the Levantine region, also known as Eastern Mediterranean, consisting of Cyprus, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria and part of Southern Turkey from 2003 onwards, Pachau said.
Screen grab of the now deactivated @ShamiWitness Twitter account.
 
He used to work in the office during daytime and became active on the internet at nights, he said, adding, he had bought 60 GB Internet connection on monthly basis to read all breaking news on websites relating to ISIS/ISL.
    
Pachau said through his social media propaganda, Biswas abetted ISIL in its agenda to wage war against Asiatic powers.
Watch: ISIS twitter case: Accused arrested by police, confesses operating account since many years
Channel 4 exposed Biswas
Biswas was careful in hiding his true identity and was confident that it would never get revealed, the state police chief said. "His identity was exposed by Channel 4 and inputs  were passed on to the Indian agencies."
In its report, 'Channel 4' Friday said the man operating the account had been able to remain anonymous "until now" and avoiding questions about his role in the Islamic State's propaganda war.
The channel said its investigation had, however, revealed that the  man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive with an Indian conglomerate in Bengaluru.
The report had not however revealed Mehdi's full name as he said his life would be in danger. The account was shut down after the report surfaced.
    

J-K: Unidentified gunmen abduct  murder sarpanch in north KashmirComments
The body of a sarpanch, who was kidnapped by unidentified gunmen on Friday night, was found in Sopore area of north Kashmir's Baramulla district on Saturday.
Body of Ghulam Mohammad Mir (62) was recovered from a field in Shalabugh area of Sopore town, police said.
Mir was abducted by six gunmen from his residence in Tarzoo area of Sopore town at around 9pm on Friday night, a police official said.
Mir's family lodged a complaint with police following which a search operation was launched. The kidnapping cane three days after Sopore Assembly segment went to polls in the third phase.
This is the second sarpanch killing during the ongoing assembly elections.
On November 30, sarpanch Mohammad Sultan Bhat was shot dead in Shopian district. Another sarpanch was attacked in the run up to third phase of polling.
While the grassroot representatives have always been soft targets of militants in the valley, more than 12 panchs and sarpanches have been killed in Kashmir since panchayat elections took place in 2011.
While condemning the killing,  All Jammu and Kashmir Panchayat Conference chairman Shafiq Mir said that militants and other antidemocratic forces must read the writings on wall and shun the path of violence against the people of the state having opposite ideology. "They (militants) should realize that the people of the state have rejected their ideology and have proven their full faith in the democratic system. We will not let them to kill our leaders any more we will raise a banner of revolt against them soon if they didn’t stop attacks  on our leaders," said  Mir.
The apple town, hitherto known as separatist stronghold, saw a turnout of 30%, which was 10% higher than 2008 assembly elections.

Railways have no funds  need big investment: Suresh PrabhuDec 13, 2014, 01.10 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Railways have no funds, need big investment: Suresh Prabhu
"Railways require big investment. There is no fund for investment. There is requirement of Rs 6 lakh crore to Rs 8 lakh crore for completion of announced projects," Prabhu said at the Agenda Aaj Tak event in New Delhi.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Railways have no funds, need big investment: Suresh Prabhu
"Railways require big investment. There is no fund for investment. There is requirement of Rs 6 lakh crore to Rs 8 lakh crore for completion of announced projects," Prabhu said at the Agenda Aaj Tak event in New Delhi.
Post your opinion here
 
Describing the financial health of Indian Railways as being "too close for comfort", Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu on Friday said there was need for massive investment in the sector.
"Railways require big investment. There is no fund for investment. There is requirement of Rs 6 lakh crore to Rs 8 lakh crore for completion of announced projects," Prabhu said at the Agenda Aaj Tak event in New Delhi.
The minister said he had set some new rules regarding procedure. "I have ordered that not a single tender should come to me. Decision making should go to the general managers."
Regarding the railway unions' opposition especially to foreign investment in the sector, Prabhu said the unions views "need to be considered and I will convince unions that it is for the interest of railways and the public".
"They have threatened strike, but everybody needs to talk. Thursday we are talking to them," he added.
Last week in Mumbai, the minister said foreign direct investment (FDI) in railways is necessary as projects worth Rs 500,00-Rs 600,000 crore are stuck for want of funds.
On privatisation, he said: "The basic aim is that rail service should be better and the ideology is not the issue here."
He emphasised that railways cannot be privatised on the pattern of other sectors like road and aviation.
"Outcomes are important. Railways cannot be privatised like road sector or aviation sector," he said, adding: "The government owns the railways in many countries."
RELATED NEWS

Rs 3 000 cr in Swiss A/Cs now under tax net: GovtRs 3 000 cr in Swiss A/Cs now under tax net: Govt
Action Jackson: Opening Week Box Office ReviewAction Jackson: Opening Week Box Office Review
Cricket: Lyon bowls Australia to victory over Kohli-led IndiaCricket: Lyon bowls Australia to victory over Kohli-led India
Climate summit in Lima extended as developing nations demand more help from rich countriesClimate summit in Lima extended as developing nations demand more help from rich countries
India Second Most  Up and Coming  Destination for Expats: HSBCNeed to Rethink Strategy for PSU Banks: Banking Secretary
New Delhi: India has been ranked as the second most 'up and coming' destination - the countries that are getting better as a place to live and work in - for expats after China, according to a survey by global financial services major HSBC.        
According to the Expat Explorer survey commissioned by HSBC Expat, emerging Asian economies are an attractive destination for challenge-seeking and adventurous expats, with 44 per cent of them saying they made the move for a new challenge.
"India is likely to develop its industrial sector to catch up on infrastructure development, which will happen with the help of overseas funding. It's natural to assume that the foreign funding will bring along foreign human expertise," HSBC India head of retail banking and wealth management Sanjiv Sud said.
Indian economy is consistently growing above 5 per cent every year, and is expected to post a 7.3 per cent growth in 2016, according to HSBC.
Expats in China and in India are also the most confident and have a positive outlook on the local economy with 60 per cent of them sharing the feeling that their host country is getting better as a place to live and work, compared to the 32 per cent global average.
India attracts highly-skilled expats in the construction and engineering sector (19 per cent). Other sectors where expats in India are well represented are telecommunications and IT (21 per cent), and financial services (10 per cent).
The survey further said India has the third largest proportion of expatriates sent by companies for overseas assignments, after Brazil and Turkey,
According to the latest Expat Explorer survey, 26 per cent of expats working in India said they took the overseas assignment because they were sent by their company.
This proportion is the highest in Brazil at 37 per cent, followed by Turkey at 29 per cent. The proportion of expats working on a company secondment is 24 per cent each in case of China and Mexico, the survey said.
"As the global economy re-balances towards emerging and faster-growing markets, there is a greater demand for highly skilled expats in these regions. Therefore, global corporates are sending more and more talented employees to run businesses in countries like India, Brazil and China," Mr Sud said.
The Expat Explorer survey is one of the largest global surveys of expats. This year, nearly 9,300 expats from around the world shared their views on quality of life, financial well-being and the ease of raising a family abroad.
Story first published on: December 10, 2014 14:36 (IST)

Rupee falls to over 1-week lowcurrency values
Falling for the third day, Indian rupee on Wednesdayy weakened by 14 paise to close at over one—week low of 62.02 against the Greenback on sustained dollar demand from importers and fresh capital outflows.
Some hesitancy in local equities and a stable dollar overseas had no major impact on the rupee, a dealer said, adding that the rupee has now lost 25 paise in three days.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 61.96 a dollar from previous close of 61.88.
It was later trapped in a narrow range of 61.91 and 62.0475 before settling at 62.02, a net fall of 14 paise or 0.23 per cent.
The Indian equity benchmark Sensex recovered marginally by 34.09 points, or 0.12 per cent, in choppy trade.
FPIs/FIIs had pulled out USD 35.99 million from stocks yesterday, as per Sebi data.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group, said, “Rupee continues to be on a weaker side. Today also it depreciated.
Rupee has traded weak for the third consecutive day and now investors are waiting for the US data which is due for the week. That data will show the road ahead to the market.”
The trading range for the spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 61.70 to 62.30, he added.

Bayer CropScience well placed to deliver highgrowthStreet sees good show after stellar year
The pace of new molecule introduction in the global agro chemicals space is slowing down as R&D costs and time required for new molecule introduction increases. This slackening in pace, coupled with the shortening life cycle of molecules, has increased the urgency in the pesticide industry to counter this phenomenon.
Against this backdrop, we think companies with a strong focus on R&D, like Indian subsidiary of Bayer AG — Bayer CropScience, will be best positioned to deliver higher than industry growth. We forecast Bayer CropScience domestic formulation business to grow at 18% CAGR over FY14-17e and this in conjunction with margin expansion should spur 27% CAGR earnings growth over FY14-17e. Reiterate ‘buy’ with new face value of R3,377.
The company should be able to reap the benefit of the parent’s strong focus on R&D. A comparison of Bayer AG’s and Bayer CropScience’s product portfolio indicate that 80% of Bayer AG’s core brands and 64% of Bayer AG’s best-selling products are yet to be launched in India. Our interaction with agro chemicals dealers indicates that Bayer’s product portfolio is not just the widest, it also protects against most pest incidences. In the domestic formulation business this essentially should put Bayer CropScience ahead of its domestic peers.
Espirito Santo
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Gangnam becomes hot spot for Korean startupsTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
The uber-trendy Seoul neighborhood made famous by the ”Gangnam Style” K-pop hit is known for status-conscious people, plastic surgery clinics and Ivy League prep schools. Now it’s making a name as a bustling center for tech startups.
Many young South Koreans, some educated overseas, are going to Gangnam to start mobile or Internet businesses. Venture capitalists from Silicon Valley and Japan are opening offices in the area to find promising Korean services or apps to bet their money on. Hardly a day passes in Gangnam without a meeting or event related to startup businesses.
As one of the most wired places on earth, Seoul has been a crucible for several startup scenes. The government is even aiming to make a town south of Seoul a Korean Silicon Valley. But it is in the 40 square kilometers of land south of the Han river where the growth of Internet and mobile startups has been most evident and the related culture most vivid.
Despite its reputation as a beacon for the shallow and status-obsessed, Gangnam has a special significance in South Korea as the place where a globalized youth culture emerged from a generation that had opportunities to travel and study abroad. The present day Gangnam is still seen as the place that brings foreign culture and ideas to the rest of the country.
”Gangnam has the best of the New York city and Silicon Valley,” said Steven Baek, a marketing director at FuturePlay, an incubator for startups.
Silicon Valley is ”tech-centric, with a lot of nerdy and geeky people but it doesn’t have much diversity,” he said. ”Gangnam’s benefit is diversity. New York has lots of fun clubs and rich consumer-based culture like Gangnam but it doesn’t have many engineers.”
Another common reason for startups going to Gangnam is that everyone else is there, which makes networking effortless.
Near Gangnam’s Teheran-ro boulevard, many Gangnam startups, venture capitalists and startup incubators have opened offices in the past year, with more arriving in coming months. All three major media companies dedicated to covering startup stories are there too.
Around 2000, South Korea’s first wave of Internet companies dotted this 4-kilometer-long street. After the dot.com bubble burst, most of the big Internet portals and online game firms that survived moved to the south of Seoul, but left a legacy. Engineers and developers live near or in Gangnam and older entrepreneurs from the dot.com era became angel investors and startup mentors such as FuturePlay’s CEO Ryu Jung-hee.
Recent openings of two spaces for startups accelerated the startup boom and revived the Internet scene on Teheran-ro.
D.Camp opened in 2013 and Maru180 earlier this year a few blocks from Teheran-ro to rent cheap spaces to startup companies and investors.
These Silicon Valley-style communal work spaces regularly host meet-ups. Maru even has showers and bunk beds. The spaces are designed to enable serendipitous, accidental meetings in communal areas.
Next year, Google is opening its first campus in Asia in Gangnam, giving mentorship and offering spaces for entrepreneurs to hang out. South Korean Internet giant Naver is also opening a startup accelerator center in Gangnam early 2015.
For 35-year-old Johnny Oh, who grew up in a fishing town, Gangnam was a foreign world that filled him with envy and insecurity.
Encouraged by rich cousins from Gangnam, he moved to the area a decade ago and ran businesses dealing with Gangnam’s well-heeled residents, hung out in Gangnam clubs and made Gangnam friends.
When he quit a big telecom firm this summer to start a Cloud-based video editing app to challenge YouTube and Vine, setting up an office in Gangnam was a no brainer.
”They are consumers with far-reaching influence,” he said.
Many mobile apps and services that are developed in Gangnam are not just looking within South Korea.
Simon Lee, a 32-year-old entrepreneur, said his company’s namesake translation app Flitto, which uses volunteers to do translations within minutes, is taking on Google Translate. His two-year-old startup is planning expansion in China next year.
He said being located in Gangnam helps hiring for little-known startups. Public transportation is among the most convenient in Seoul and there are many hangout places like restaurants and clubs for after work hours.
Gangnam’s startup boom reflects a shifting perception on risk taking in South Korea, where the economy is dominated by big family-owned business groups.
Even just a few years ago, the word ”startup” was unknown outside the tech circles. That has changed as a growing number of South Korean startup entrepreneurs generate success stories of going public, selling their companies or winning big investments. Last month, a Goldman Sachs-led consortium announced a $36 million investment in Woowa Brothers Corp., operator of a food-delivery app located in broader Gangnam.
South Korea’s government is putting more taxpayer money behind young and risky entrepreneurs, not limited to Gangnam startups. The government plans to use a $181 million budget next year to make angel investments in early stage startups.
Still missing in South Korea’s startup boom are big companies like Google, Facebook and Yahoo that snap up local startups.
Samsung, LG, SK and other South Korean conglomerates tend to overlook local startups and believe paying big money to buy a startup is an admission of failure, said Flitto’s Lee.
”Big companies do almost no M&As. They don’t want to admit they are inferior to startups,” he said.
Post Comments
More from industry

Rio Tinto Diamonds eyes Indian diamond-gifting marketArunima Mishra      Follow @Mishra_Arunima    Last Updated: December 15, 2014  | 09:44 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Rio Tinto Diamonds, part of the global metals and mining group Rio Tinto, aims to tap into the increasing demand for diamond-gifting sales in India, a company executive said.
Besides, the company's 1,000-hectare diamond mining project with 27 million carat of reserve in Madhya Pradesh is expected to get a mining lease next year, and will likely start producing by 2020.
Jean-Marc Lieberherr, Managing Director, Rio Tinto Diamonds, talked about the diamond culture in India and the company's plans on the sidelines of the two-day World Diamond Conference in New Delhi, which started on Thursday. The conference is organised by the Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council in association with the World Diamond Mark Foundation and with support from the Ministry of Commerce and Industry.
With Nazraana, a syndicated brand among Rio Tinto Diamonds, 150 Indian retailers, six jewellery manufacturers and four jewellery partners, the diamond mining company aims to cash in on the increasing demand in diamond-gifting sales. Lieberherr said a key element of Rio Tinto Diamonds' marketing focus in India is to support growth in domestic diamond jewellery sales.
"Nazraana, a two-year old brand, will make a mark in the $3 billion to $4 billion diamond gifting market. It will also be marketed across India's neighbouring countries such as the Gulf countries in future."
India is the world's largest centre for cut and polished diamonds , with Surat housing most of the country's polishing factories. India contributes 85 per cent in terms of volume to the $80 billion global diamond market, while Russia is the world's largest producer of diamonds .
Rio Tinto Diamonds is also developing the fashion jewellery segment with Chinese retailers.
Lieberherr said the diamond business contributes about $1 billion to its turnover.
Stephane Fischler, President, Antwerp World Diamond Centre, which is into diamond trading for over 550 years, said Rio Tinto is creating the market for low-cost diamonds.
For the first time ever, the diamond conference will be attended by global heads of mines, luxury brands and global diamond organisations such as World Diamond Mark Foundation, De Beers, Alrosa, the World Federation of Diamond Bourses, Rio Tinto Diamonds, Antwerp Diamond Bank, International Diamond Manufacturers Association and World Diamond Council.

Coca-Cola in early talks to buy a minority stake in IPTLCoca-Cola in early talks to buy a minority stake in IPTL
Surajeet Dasgupta | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:46 AM IST
The three-day International Premier Tennis League (IPTL), which recently saw top global tennis star Roger Federer taking on reigning number-one Novak Djokovic, surely created a stir among India’s 16,000 viewers who had thus far been starved of quality tennis. However, even as the tennis league hogged limelight, there was another story unfolding behind the scenes.
Beverage major Coca-Cola India had initiated preliminary talks to pick up a minority stake in the Mahesh Bhupathi-controlled company that had organised the tennis league. Those in the know say Coca-Cola’s plan could be to acquire about a 10 per cent stake.
On queries regarding the talks, a spokesperson for Coca-Cola India refused to comment, while Bhupathi did not respond to text messages.
If a deal is struck, it will make good sense for Coca-Cola, which was the title sponsor for the tournament this year. If an equity deal goes through, it will reflect the company has much deeper commitment to the tournament than being a sponsor.  According to industry sources, the title sponsorship for IPTL, being held in four countries, Singapore, the Philippines, India and UAE, went for Rs 5-6 crore.
Beverage companies are not new to sponsoring sport tournaments. Rival PepsiCo, for instance, had shelled out Rs 397 crore for the title sponsorship of the Indian Premier League T20 cricket tournament for five years. It had also beat Coca-Cola to bag the title sponsorship for the Indian Super League (ISL) football tournament. Coca-Cola India’s plan to buy a stake in a tournament, however, could change the rules of the game, a direct investment rather than sponsorship.
The first mover in terms of investing in the equity of a game, though, was STAR TV, which earlier restricted its role to only broadcasting. Among non-cricket sports, the broadcaster has, for instance, picked up a minority stake — in a joint venture with Reliance Industries and IMG — in the company that runs ISL.

BMW to hike car prices by 5% from Jan  eyes expansionBMW to hike car prices by 5 per cent from January, eyes expansion
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 16:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
BMW, the German luxury automobile manufacturer, will raise prices by up to 5 per cent across models in India, including the Mini, effective January 1.
"With the price increase, BMW Group will maintain its premium positioning in the Indian luxury car segment," said BMW Group India President Philipp von Sahr.
The luxury carmaker also said by end of 2015, it will aggressively expand its dealer network by increasing the number of outlets to 50 across major metropolitan centres and emerging markets in India.
Currently, BMW India has 37 sales outlets in the Indian market.
"We want to maintain sustainable leadership in the Indian market with a strong brand and an exceptional model range with unbeatable product substance," Sahr said.

Promoters will infuse funds to revive airlin...Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: SpiceJet on Friday assured government officials that the promoters will infuse funds into the airline to revive it, as they stay committed to the venture.
"They (SpiceJet management) have informed us that the airline is getting investments from promoters. They have, however, not specified on the amount that will be invested into the airline," said a senior government official.
The SpiceJet management has told government officials the plan will be submitted to them on Monday, which is also the deadline set by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) for the submission of a financial plan.
SpiceJet COO Sanjiv Kapoor , who was in the ministry on Friday to meet Civil Aviation Secretary V Somasundaran , told reporters the promoters are committed to the airline. "The promoters are committed to the airline and they are very much interested. We have a number of solid financial plans, which will be submitted," he said.
He added the dues to the airline are a fraction of Rs 1,600 crore, as mentioned in news reports. "The amount pending to lessors is something around Rs 200 crore and not Rs 700 crore, as being written in the media," he added. The government sources have pegged the amount to be aroundRs 1,630 crore, as per the airline's filing to DGCA which has been contested by the airline.
Earlier in the day, SpiceJet's senior vice-president and head of sales Shilpa Bhatia spoke to travel agents in a conference call and assured them that their dues were safe and a plan will be shared with them on Monday.
"They have admitted they are in a major financial crunch but also said they will get out of it," said a Mumbai-based travel agent who was part of the call.
"We have voiced our concerns to them and they have assured us that all refunds due to cancellations and waivers shall be granted looking at the situation. Till date all monthly incentives, refunds and credits have been given to the members. They have also stated that they are crediting monies back into the bank accounts of agents who are not desirous of selling tickets on SpiceJet," the Travel Agents Association of India said in an internal note to its members.
Last week, the DGCA ordered SpiceJet to stop taking advance bookings of more than a month and withdrew 186 flight slots due to the carrier's financial woes that have led to aircraft having to be returned to leasing companies. The DGCA order came into force on Monday evening.
The carrier's Boeing 737s fleet, down to 37 in July from 42 before it had to return planes, were further reduced to 22 leading to about 100 flight cancellations in a day. Their daily flights have reduced from 345 in July to 262 as on Friday.
SpiceJet has also for the first time delayed salaries to employees in December.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

52 more drugs brought under price ceiling52 more drugs brought under price ceiling
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:49 AM IST
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has capped the prices of another 52 essential drugs, in a move that could impact drug manufacturers Lupin, Cadila Healthcare and Merck.
This is in addition to the 348 drugs already under a price ceiling. The majority of the 52 new drugs are antibiotics, painkillers and medicines used for treating cancer and skin disorders.
The government caps prices of regulated medicines based on a simple average of prices of all drugs in the segment with over one per cent market share.
Reacting to the latest order by NPPA on Friday, a spokesperson of Lupin said, “Though Lupin will not see any impact, we have always maintained that competition is a great leveler and the market finds its own level when it comes to matters such as pricing.”
ON A TIGHT LEASH
Used for cancer and skin disorders, the capped drugs are primarily painkillers and antibiotics
Lupin, Cadila Healthcare, Merck, could be affected following the order
NPPA had to withdraw a May order that gave the regulator capping prices of 108 non essential drugs
At present, NPPA regulates prices of 348 medicine formulations listed in the NLEM
Govt caps pricing of regulated medicines based on a simple average of prices of all drugs in the segment with over 1%
Following the NPPA order, shares of Cadila Healthcare settled more than two per cent lower on the BSE exchange at   Rs 1,582.35 on Friday. Shares of Lupin, however, ended one per cent higher at Rs 1,451.
The NPPA order asks manufacturers of these scheduled formulations to reduce the maximum retail price of the drugs wherever the existing rate exceeds the ceiling. For prices already below the ceiling, manufacturers can maintain the existing maximum retail price. The manufacturer may add local taxes only if these have been actually paid or are payable.
NPPA said where a manufacturer of these formulations with dosage or strength or both as specified launch a new drug, it shall apply for prior approval under the Drug Price Control Order, 2013.
The move comes after NPPA was forced to withdraw pricing powers of 108 non-essential medicines following a government directive. Drug companies operating in India had cheered the move then, but the latest order may set things one up with the regulator exercising its pricing power. In fact, companies had challenged in court the NPPA order bringing down prices of 108 non-essential drugs by invoking the public interest. Industry bodies such as the Indian Pharmaceutical Association and the Organisation of Pharmaceutical Producers of India went to court against the NPPA’s move in July.
In its notification, NPPA set prices of formulations based on bulk drugs for paracetamol, bleaching powder, ketamine hydrochloride, zinc sulfate, ascorbic acid, cloxacillin, gentamycin, glucose, glucose with normal saline, mannitol, amoxycilline with potassium clavulanate, metoprolol succinate with cilnidipine (cardiocil M), and a number of other combination drugs.

Pacific storm triggers tornado  mudslides  floods in Southern CaliforniaA Caltrans crew tries to clear a flooded stretch of Highway 101 in South San Francisco, California. (Source: AP photo)
By: Reuters | Los Angeles |
Posted: December 13, 2014 10:41 am | Updated: December 13, 2014 1:20 pm
A Pacific storm pounded Southern California with heavy rain and high winds on Friday, triggering a small tornado, flash floods and mudslides that prompted the evacuation of hundreds of homes, damaged dozens of others and disrupted passenger rail services along the coast.
One person was found dead on Friday in a rain-swollen flood-control channel in the Orange County town of Garden Grove, which could mark the third storm-related fatality on the West Coast since Thursday.
Separately, rescue teams saved two people after they were swept away in the fast-moving Los Angeles River near a homeless encampment, the Los Angeles Fire Department said in Twitter messages.
High winds tore down power lines throughout the region, leaving as many as 78,000 customers without electricity at one point after the storm moved in before dawn, utility officials reported.
In an unusual phenomenon for Southern California, a small tornado touched down in South Los Angeles, where it damaged the roofs of an apartment complex and two houses and ripped up a billboard, said National Weather Service Specialist Stuart Seto. The twister was an EF0, the smallest category possible, and no one was hurt, he said.
The tornado was the first in Los Angeles since 2004, according to USTornadoes.com which tracks twisters. Weather Service meteorologists could not confirm that.
A water spout, which is like a tornado but occurs over water, was sighted over the ocean near Los Angeles International Airport on Friday morning, and another one formed 35 miles (56 kms) to the southeast off Newport Beach.
The severe weather, which included thunderstorms, was spawned by a storm system dubbed a “pineapple express,” a large low-pressure area that siphoned vast amounts of moisture from the tropical Pacific near the Hawaiian islands and dumped it on the West Coast as it moved over land, the National Weather Service said.
The same storm pummeled the Pacific Northwest and the northern half of California on Thursday with downpours and gale-force gusts that caused widespread power outages and disrupted commercial flights in San Francisco.
ROCKS PILED TO ROOF LINES
One of the areas hardest hit on Friday was the community of Camarillo Springs, north of Los Angeles, where boulder-strewn rivers of mud swept down hillsides that a wildfire had stripped of vegetation last year. Dozens of homes were damaged, and at least 10 were red-tagged as unsafe to enter, Ventura County authorities said.
Mounds of rock were left piled against several houses up to their roofs in the area. Authorities ordered the evacuation of more than 100 homes deemed to be at risk in the area.
About 1,000 homes were placed under evacuation orders in the Los Angeles suburb of Glendora, where mudslides from a wildfire-burned area there left several roads impassable overnight, police Lieutenant Matt Williams said.
The highest rainfall continued…

Black Money: Names on HSBC list held Rs 4 479 cr in Swiss banksHi Guest
Black Money: Names on HSBC list held Rs 4,479 cr in Swiss banks
(SIT) in its second report submitted to the Supreme Court has revealed that persons on the HSBC list held Rs. 4,479 crores in Swiss banks. In an official statement released by the SIT, it said that out of 628 names on the HSBC list received from France, 201 ...

4 ways policyholders will benefit from Insur...Four ways policyholders will benefit from Insurance Bill
Chandralekha Mukerji, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Dec 13, 2014, 11.53AM IST
Tags:
insurance bill
(Apart from the increase…)
NEW DELHI: The Cabinet, headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi , has approved incorporation of amendments suggested by a Parliamentary select panel in the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill , 2008 that proposes to raise the foreign investment cap in insurance companies from 26% to 49%. The Rajya Sabha is likely to take up the Bill for consideration and passage next week. Though the increase is composite, meaning, the 49% would be inclusive of all forms of foreign direct investment and foreign portfolio investments, insurers are eager that the long-awaited amendment is one step closer of getting passed and that they'll be able to get fresh investment for the sector.
"The industry was not expecting a composite hike and the foreigner partner were expecting that they will be able to increase their stake up to 49%. So, that's a slight dampener. But we are happy that the long-standing demand is finally being met, in some form," says Sanjay Tripathy, Sr. VP and Head Marketing, Product, Digital & E-Commerce, HDFC Life.
"It is almost certain that all the existing players will need to infuse substantial capital in order to grow and penetrate into uncovered areas more so health insurance players. This will also be helpful to the country where more players will come into operation thereby increasing the competition and better service," added V. Jagannathan , Chairman-cum-Managing Director, Star Health and Allied Insurance.
Apart from the increase in foreign investment cap, there are 110 clauses more in the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2008.
Here are some amendments that benefit you as a policyholder:
1. No Claims to be Rejection after 3 years: To protect the interest of the policyholders better, the period during which a policy can be repudiated on any ground, including misstatement of facts, has been confined to three years from the commencement of the policy or renewal/ revival or date of rider, whichever is later. So, no policy can be called in question on ground of misstatement after three years.
The original Bill had proposed a timeframe of five years, from the existing two year period. "As an insurer, this means, the policy acceptance stage would be even more critical for us now. Since post three years no claims can be rejected, we will have to put a few more checks and balances and stringent analytics to control fraud at the policy issuance stage," says Tripathy of HDFC Life.
2. Steep penalties to curb mis-selling: Under a new section introduced in the amendments, insurers will now be responsible for all acts and omissions of its agents, including for any violation of code of conduct and are liable to a heavy penalty of up to Rs 1 crore. The amendments also propose a fine of Rs 5 lakh has been in case agents offer kickbacks to the buyer of the policy, a common industry practice.
3. Insurers to maintain electronic records: To increase transparency, the amendments propose that the insurance company maintains a record of policies and claims in electronic mode and display the same on its website.
4. Bigger Agent force to increase penetration: Currently, the licensing of agents is done by IRDA. But going forward, appointment of agents is proposed to be done by insurance companies subject to the agents meeting the qualifications, passing of examinations etc. as specified by the authority. However, IRDA will still be empowered to take action against agents under Section 42(4) of the Insurance Act, 1938 and protect the policy-holders interests.
This provision is basically to ease the process of hiring agents and expand their network—an attempt to increase insurance penetration in the country. "Though this will help us recruit faster, because of the steep penalties we also have to ensure we recruit the right people," says Tripathy.
The definition of 'health insurance business' has also been revised to stipulate that health insurance policies would cover sickness benefits on account of domestic as well as international travel. However, it is still not clear whether this would mean all health indemnity plans will now have to cover claims on account of internationals travels or would this risk be covered separately under a different plan.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make in India  but keep local market in min...make in India
(Rajan said that the Modi…)
NEW DELHI: Ahead of NDA's first full-fledged budget in February next year, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan called for more tax sops for households to encourage them to set aside more money and boost the country's flagging savings rate as he urged companies and policymakers to look inward as much as they're looking outward to strengthen the Indian economy and shore up its finances.
He said that the Narendra Modi government's 'Make in India' manufacturing initiative should not be read too narrowly as merely seeking to mimic the export-led growth strategy followed by China. Instead, he proposed a more open idea that focused on making Indian business more competitive.
"Make in India will typically mean more openness, as we create an environment that makes our firms able to compete with the rest of the world, and encourages foreign producers to come take advantage of our environment to create jobs in India," Rajan said as he floated the idea of 'Make for India'. "If external demand growth is likely to be muted, we have to produce for the internal market." The governor also wondered whether there was a need for more institutions to "ensure deficits stay within control and quality of budgets is high". Rajan was delivering the Bharat Ram Memorial Lecture at FICCI in Delhi on Friday.
The governor pointed out that tax benefits for individuals had been largely fixed in nominal terms until the recent budget, implying that after adjusting for inflation the value of the benefits had eroded over the years.
The Modi government had in its July 10 budget for FY15 raised the exemption limit on savings by Rs 50,000 to Rs Rs 1.5 lakh. The governor felt there was a case for enhancing this incentive."Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure that the country's investment is largely financed from domestic savings," Rajan said, adding that local demand should be financed as far as possible through domestic savings.
He said low and stable inflation and launching new institutions and products to seek out financial savings in every corner of the country will also help halt the erosion in the household savings rate.
The household savings dropped to 21.9 per cent of GDP in FY13 from 25.2 per cent in FY10, largely because of a decline in financial savings to 7.1 per cent from 12 per cent over the same period.The government has already re-launched the Kisan Vikas Patra savings instrument and the ambitious Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) to raise financial savings. PMJDY is aimed at ensuring all Indians have access to the banking system. With regard to the Make in India initiative, Rajan pointed out that a slowing world economy is not in a position to absorb substantial additional imports.
  "There is a danger when we discuss Make in India of assuming it means a focus on manufacturing, an attempt to follow the export-led growth path that China followed. I don't think such a specific focus is intended," Rajan said, adding that industrial countries were themselves improving capital-intensive flexible manufacturing that had even caused some work that had been outsourced earlier to be "re-shored".
India will also have to compete with China as it pushes into global exports. Make in India should also not be seen as an import-substitution programme, Rajan said."This strategy has been tried and it has not worked because it ended up reducing domestic competition, making producers inefficient, and increasing costs to consumers," the RBI governor said.
Rajan urged the implementation of measures including the goods and services tax (GST) for the creation of the "strongest sustainable unified market'."We are more dependent on the global economy than we think. That it is growing more slowly, and is more inward looking, than in the past means that we have to look to regional and domestic demand for our growth - to make in India primarily for India," he said.The governor said India needed to get its policy framework right because it did not belong to any power blocs.
Crucial to this was "a sound fiscal framework around a clear fiscal consolidation path", he said as he called for debate on how this could be achieved.
"Whether we need more institutions to ensure deficits stay within control and the quality of budgets is high, is something worth debating," Rajan said. "A number of countries have independent budget offices/committees that opine on budgets. These offices are especially important in scoring budgetary estimates, including unfunded long-term liabilities that the industrial countries have shown are so easy to contract in times of growth and so hard to actually deliver."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Industry veterans mentor Gen-Y entrepreneursLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Industry veterans mentor Gen-Y entrepreneurs
From technical questions to personal ones ranging from channelling the right investments to Shivakumar’s own growth story, students asked all these and more.
Post your opinion here
IBLA
In today’s episode two students from IIT Delhi get to interact with PepsiCo India CEO D. Shivakumar and the CFO Kimsuka Narasimhan. From technical questions to personal ones ranging from channelling the right investments to Shivakumar’s own growth story, students asked all these and more.
Take a look....

IS Twitter account operator arrestedISIS Twitter account handler arrested
PTI
Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the handler of a pro-Islamic State twitter account @ShamiWitness.
The Hindu Karnataka DGP L Pachau
Bengaluru, Dec 13:  
In a major breakthrough, the alleged handler of the most influential pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account was arrested from an apartment here in the early hours today.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas has “confessed” he was handling the pro-jihad tweeter “@ShamiWitness” and he was particularly close to English-speaking ISIS terrorists, Karnataka DGP L Pachau told reporters here.
An engineer working as “manufacturing executive” with a Bengaluru-based multinational company for an annual package of Rs 5.3 lakh, he became “a source of incitement and information” for the new ISIS recruits, Pachau said.
Biswas, hailing from West Bengal, had admitted to operating “@ShamiWitness” twitter account for the last many years, he said, announcing the breakthrough along with Bengaluru Police Commissioner M N Reddi.
Cases had been registered against Mehdi under various provisions of IPC, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act, Reddi said.
Pachau said Mehdi had more than 17,000 followers on Twitter and used to “ferociously” tweet by aggregating information and closely watching developments of the region.
The Bengaluru Police had launched a manhunt for Mehdi after Britain’s Channel 4 News had aired the report regarding the country’s IT capital’s link with the Twitter account that is followed by foreign jihadis.
Channel 4 News had said its investigation had revealed that the man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive in Bangalore working for an Indian conglomerate.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

IIT-Madras making Android e-scooter | Why Ratan Tata is betting on start-upsandroid
(The tablet can help the rider…)
CHENNAI: This e-scooter with its Android dashboard is out of the ordinary. IIT-Madras-incubated Ather Energy has developed a first-of-its-kind Android tablet dashboard for an electric scooter it is currently building. The tablet can help the rider with navigation and offer information on power, battery drain, system temperature and how long the scooter can go before the next charge-up. It can help track theft as well.
Posing behind a glass door inside the IIT-Madras Research Park is the fifth iteration. Ather has built this right from the chassis to the motor to the battery packs. It's about the size of any 100cc scooter in the market. The lithium-ion battery packs rest on the floorboard of the vehicle, sending minimal weight to the tyres and cutting "unsprung mass" - a major energy drainer. It is 20% lighter than counterparts and has a storage space that can accommodate two fullsized helmets.
"The idea all along was that it should be futuristic. A Hero will slam us in manufacturing. A TVS will make us vanish with their supply-chain efficiency. So, our bet can only be in design, functionality, and bringing a smart solution to Indian scooters," said Tarun Mehta, the 25-year-old co-founder of Ather Energy who quit Ashok Leyland to start the venture in October last year.
Corporate employment was not for other founder Swapnil Jain either, who had quit General Motors to team up with Mehta and return to their alma mater. Prof Krishna Kumar at IIT-Madras, who drew them into entrepreneurship , gave them the first few lakhs and the space to design their product.
The first prototype, ready in four months, served to help visualise how it looks, and firm up basic specifications such as torque, range, and temperature. Ather focussed on raising system efficiency by optimising the weight. "It took us three iterations to figure out where the battery should go," Mehta said.
About Rs 55 lakh has been spent so far, including investor money from Aerospike founder and IITMadras alumnus Srini V Srinivasan. Big names have just got on board: Sachin and Binny Bansal of Flipkart and Raju Venkatraman of Medall Healthcare have together invested $1 million.
"For me, the biggest return on investment will be the fact that not only do I get to encourage entrepreneurship, I also get to hear new ideas and learn from them at the same time," said Sachin Bansal , co-founder of Flipkart.
The ideas that Bansal is talking about include Internet of Things - the concept of connecting individual devices through wireless communications to draw operational data and control them. The team is trying out sensors to monitor bike parameters and process data on cloud. Each scooter will have its own SIM card for data communications. Ather will validate these ideas in a prototype expected to get ready in three months.
While Internet of Things is not unique in the automotive industry, Ather is the forerunner in bringing it to Indian scooters, said Krishna Kumar, the IIT faculty. The makingand-breaking is not over yet. The prototype currently can attain 75 kmph of speed, has lowcharging time of 1.5 hours against the typical e-scooter's 6-8 hours, and a total charge-up that consumes 2.5 units of electricity. All this is bound to improve before launch, which Mehta says would take another 12-15 months.
The Android dashboard may face issues in shock, heat resistance and periodic update, but an automotive-grade solution can offset some of the challenges. "At Ather, we have spent the last eight months working on the same," Mehta said. "We have initial prototypes which solve a number of these issues and over the next one year, we are confident of testing enough prototypes to bring this to production.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Motors Group global wholesales at 83906 in Nov 2014Tata Motors Group global wholesales at 83906 in Nov 2014
Board of Delton Cables approves issue of bonus sharesBoard of Delton Cables approves issue of bonus shares
Modi attacks  Congress  NC  asks people to punish offendersKathua (J&K), December 13, 2014
Updated: December 13, 2014 14:05 IST
Modi attacks Congress, NC, asks people to punish offenders
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi. File photo
TOPICS
politics
Projecting BJP as a fresh option in Jammu and Kashmir, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said Congress “sneaks” into every government that is formed in the state but attacks these dispensations just before elections.
Blaming Congress, NC and PDP for the problems in the state, he asked people to punish all “three offenders” in the Assembly polls.
Addressing a poll rally in Kathua, Mr. Modi had a dig at Congress saying the party “jumps” into every government that is formed in the state, be it led by PDP or NC, but withdraws from it just before the elections and starts attacking these dispensations.
“If you punish them once, they will realise their mistakes. Has BJP ever formed the government in Jammu and Kashmir? Did we ever commit any mistake? Don’t you know who are the first, second and third offenders,” he asked the people who cheered back in response.
Maintaining that the people of the state knew who the “three offenders” were, Modi said they would not mend their ways unless they were punished by the voters.
“Congress sneaks into the government whenever one is formed and gets away with all the benefits. Then they say that they are against this government and that the government has done all wrong.
“Whether PDP comes or NC to power, they join hands with them and come out of the government whenever elections near.”
Attacking the National Conference and PDP for “dynastic politics and nepotism”, the Prime Minister asked the people: “Are there no more sons and daughters in J and K? Will only one father-son and father-daughter run the governments here? Do you have to always remain in their tangle?”
“Don’t look at those father-son, father-daughter duos.
Look at your own sons and daughters. Herein lies your benefit.”

Tripura power projects  capacity to riseTripura power projects  capacity to rise
Headmaster arrested for Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan fraudHeadmaster arrested for Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan fraud
Leaders pay homage to martyrs of Parliament attackBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:51 pm
Parliamentarians led by Rajya Sabha Chairman Hamid Ansari, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan on Saturday paid homage to martyrs on the 13th anniversary of the attack on Parliament.
UPA Chairperson Sonia Gandhi, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj, Home Minister Rajnath Singh and other members attended a solemn ceremony held in the premises of Parliament.
The leaders, who also included Deputy Speaker of Lok Sabha M Thambi Durai, BJP MP Meenakshi Lekhi and CPI’s D Raja, observed a silence for a while in remembrance of the martyrs and paid them floral tributes.
Family members of some the slain martyrs along with Parliamentarians also paid tribute to them. A blood donation camp was also organised in Parliament premises in the memory of the martyrs.
Speaking on the occasion, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said, “The martyrs, who sacrificed their lives for the security of the biggest temple of democracy, can never be forgotten by the nation. I pay my tribute to them and express my respect to the families of the martyrs.”
Picture gallery:  Prime Minister Narendra Modi salutes martyrs of 2001 Parliament attack
Paying homage to the martyrs, the Prime Minister had earlier tweeted, “We salute martyrs who lost their lives protecting the Temple of our Democracy on this day in 2001. Their sacrifices are etched in our memory”.
Senior BJP leader L K Advani said that the challenge was not limited to that particular day and the nation is facing terrorism for a long time.
“This day reminds us that the threat is not over,” he said.
Advani, who was Home Minister in the first NDA government led by Atal Bihari Vajpayee, recalled that Pakistan, had at time, in a way agreed that it will demolish the terror infrastructure, it had created.
“We had told it that talks will be fruitful only if this step is taken. It is a matter of regret that this step has not been taken so far. Our opinion has always been that our neighbouring country should take this step. Only then our talks will be successful,” Advani told reporters after the ceremony.
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, who was a Union Minister in 2001 in the Vajpayee government, wondered what would have happened even if a single terrorist would have entered Parliament as even the then Prime Minister Vajpayee was inside.
“When the incident happened, we were in shock for some time,” she said recalling that she was not in Parliament at that time but in her ministry.
The Speaker lauded the “bravery”, with which the martyred soldiers fought the terrorists.
Terming the attack on Parliament as an attack on democracy, Constitution and the system, CPI leader D Raja (CPI) said soldiers laid down their lives and made a continued…

India  Sweden for closer coordination among UN member statesIndia  Sweden for closer coordination among UN member states
Lima climate talks at crossroads on ways to slow warmingLima climate talks at crossroads on ways to slow warming
SC rejects Bayer s attempt to block generic version of cancer drug NexavarSC rejects Bayer s attempt to block generic version of cancer drug Nexavar
Modi out of race for TIME  Person of the Year  titleModi out of race for TIME 'Person of the Year' title
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Mon 8 Dec, 2014
Print
Washington: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is the winner of this year's reader poll for TIME Person of the Year, but his name does not feature among the eight finalists selected by the magazine for its 'Person of the Year' title.
This year's possible winners include Apple CEO Tim Cook, Alibaba founder Jack Ma, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Iraqi Kurdish President Massoud Barzani and singer Taylor Swift.
The list also includes groups of individuals, like the Ebola caregivers and protesters in Ferguson, Missouri.
TIME magazine editor Nancy Gibbs revealed the eight finalists on the "Today" show Monday morning.
The TIME editors' choice of the person who have had the biggest influence on the news within the past year will be announced Wednesday.
In the final tally of reader poll, Modi received more than 16 percent of the almost five million votes cast.
Protesters who took to the streets in Ferguson, Missouri, after the police shooting of an unarmed black teenager finished second with nine percent.
Hong Kong protest leader Joshua Wong, Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai and the doctors and nurses treating Ebola rounded out the top five.
A majority of votes, 60 percent, came from desktop computers. Just over 35 percent came from mobile devices, and 4.5 percent of readers voted on tablets.
Recommend

Choppy markets likely  avoid overnight positions10 December 2014
Wednesday
Relief rally after severe decline brings some stability to markets; short term trend remains down; PSU Banks outperform; IT stocks may be completing their correction
Bank Nifty remains above its short term support at 18300. Trading range remains intact in this instrument inside 18300 - 18800. CNX IT continues its choppy trading. A decline is now halting near 11200 and we may see a trading range here.
We have GOLD MINI in METAL SECTION. A resistance near 26600 has been broken on upside and now prices are moving toward its next resistance at 27500. We have CEMENT in Sector Focus. Long Term Trend is sideways in this sector. We will discuss the current scenario of CEMENT Stocks. Stock in focus includes DRREDDY, TATAMTRDVR, WOCKPHARMA and MINDTREE. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss JPYINR in Currency Tracker Section.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Can domestic markets hold despite global chaos..can domestic markets hold despite global chaos..
Car  bike makers jump on the GOSF bandwagonCar, bike makers jump on the GOSF bandwagon
Swaraj Baggonkar | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 12:50 AM IST
Unable to resist the online shopping frenzy sweeping the country, car and two-wheeler makers have jumped onto Google’s three-day Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF) offering a bevy of benefits and cash discounts.
At least nine car makers, including leading companies like Mahindra & Mahindra and premium brands like Volkswagen and Nissan, are offering discounts and other consumer benefits ranging from Rs 30,000 to Rs 142,000 through GOSF.
The companies came aboard on the second day of GOSF after missing the first day.
While some companies like Ford India have limited its online offer only for the duration of the e-sale,  others like M&M have extended their 24-day offline discount scheme to the GOSF to maximise consumer reach.  Ford India also demands consumers take the delivery of the vehicle before December 31.
As a result, a diesel engine powered Renault Pulse, comes with a consumer benefit scheme of Rs 1,42,000, valid on bookings and deliveries made by December 20. The company’s top-selling sports utility vehicle (SUV) Duster is also being offered at similar discounts on diesel variants through GOSF.
Through the tie-up with Google, consumers are directly led to the vehicle manufacturer’s website where they can get details of the discounts and benefits on offer and city-wise price data. Car makers are expecting the last day of GOSF to bring in more users to rev up the lacklustre year.
For instance, the passenger vehicle segment saw a dip of eight per cent in October despite massive discounts which continued in November too. The segment saw a growth of under three per cent in the April-November period.  While the two-wheeler sector has not been as badly impacted as the car and SUV segment, they don’t want to be left behind in this shopping mania.
M&M’s two-wheeler arm, Mahindra Two Wheeler, is offering cash-back of up to Rs 5,000 on the motorcycle Centuro and Rs 1,000 on the 125cc Rodeo Uzo scooter. Other discount offering websites like Shopclues offer direct discounts of Rs 2,000 on the M&M scooter.
India’s largest two-wheeler producer, Hero MotorCorp, has jumped on the bandwagon,too,  allowing bookings of all its products through online retailer Snapdeal. A flat discount of Rs 1,000 can be had on Hero motorcycles and scooters. Even the country’s biggest selling bike, Splendor, is a part of the discount table, while its in-demand Maestro scooter  is missing from the list.

Gold prices ease 0.18% in futures trade on global cuesGold prices ease by 0.18 per cent in futures trade on global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 11:44 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Gold prices fell by 0.18 per cent to Rs 27,341 per 10 grams in futures trade on Friday, tracking a weak global trend, as speculators offloaded their positions.
Market analysts said the fall in prices of the yellow metal was mostly due to a weakening trend in the global market as gains in the United States economy boosted speculation that the US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates soon, eroding the appeal of gold.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange , the precious metal  for delivery in far-month April dropped by Rs 50 (or 0.18 per cent) to Rs 27,341 per 10 grams in a business turnover of one lot.
On similar lines, gold for delivery in February eased by Rs 38 (or 0.14 per cent) to Rs 27,220 per 10 grams in 108 lots.
Meanwhile, gold in Singapore, which normally sets the price on the domestic front, fell by 0.48 per cent to US $1,221.50 an ounce.

Govt caps prices of 52 more essential drugsGovt caps prices of 52 more essential drugs; painkillers, antibiotics included
Zeba Siddiqui     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 16:15 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
The government has capped the prices of 52 more essential drugs, including painkillers and antibiotics, the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority ( NPPA ) said in a notice.
The additional drugs join a list of nearly 400 essential medicines that have so far been placed under price control in the country, where majorities of the people live on under US $2 a day and health insurance is scarce.
Besides commonly-used antibiotics and painkillers, the new drugs to come under price control include medicines used for treating cancer and skin disorders, a notice by pricing authority NPPA said on its website.
Companies including Lupin, Cadila Healthcare and Merck Ltd - the domestic arm of United States-based drug maker Merck KGaA - are among those selling drugs mentioned in the latest notice, the authority said.
Cadila and Lupin were not immediately available for comment, while Merck's India unit was not immediately reachable.
(Reuters)
* An earlier version of the story gave the impression that Merck Ltd is the India arm of Merck & Co. The correction has been made.

VE Commercial Vehicles keen on selling buses to TNHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
VE Commercial Vehicles keen on selling buses to TN
Our Bureau
New range Shyam Maller, Senior VP (Sales & Marketing), VECV, at the launch of Eicher Skyline Pro Series buses in Chennai. - BIJOY GHOSH
Chennai, December 12:  
VE Commercial Vehicles Ltd, an equal joint venture between the Volvo Group and Eicher Motors, is trying hard to sell its buses to the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporations (STCs).
“This market has been dominated by one major brand. We are making efforts to break it,” Shyam Maller, Senior Vice-President (Sales and Marketing), VECH Ltd.
Other States
Eicher received an order for 600 buses from the Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation, which was executed with the majority of the vehicles being covered by VECV under an annual maintenance contract.
Orders have also come from Rajasthan State Transport Corporation and Uttarakhand State Road Transport Corporation, he said.
The company had sold buses to STCs in States such as Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Karnataka.
Light duty buses
However, in Tamil Nadu, the company is yet to get a major order, he told newspersons at the launch of light duty buses under the Eicher Skyline Pro Series.
Maller said that in the last 25 years, the company had sold nearly 1,000 vehicles to the Tamil Nadu Police.
Eicher offers two range of built-up buses, Skyline and Starline, with a seating capacity starting from 16-seaters to 65-seaters. It also offers a range of chassis starting from a 12-seat capacity to the 65-seater capacity. On the new range of buses, Maller said Tamil Nadu is one of the top three markets for school and staff buses that come with seating capacity ranging from 36 to 60, he said.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Sarpanch shot dead in North KashmirWritten by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar |
Posted: December 13, 2014 9:41 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 2:30 am
Suspected militants kidnapped and killed a sarpanch in North Kashmir’s Baramulla district on Friday. This is the second sarpanch killing since the start of assembly elections.
Sopore SP Abdul Qayoom told The Sunday Express: “Some four-five militants kidnapped Ghulam Mohammed, 62, at 8.45 pm on Friday from his house in Hygam village and then killed him.” The body was recovered from a local orchards, one kilometre from his house, Saturday morning, Qayoom said.
He said that the police are investigating the case and are looking for leads. Mohammed, who is survived by five daughters, was initially associated with the Congress. However, he was not affiliated to any political party at present. A known social worker and philanthropist, Mohammad was also a poet. Protests were held in the area following the killing.
On November 30, suspected militants had shot dead a National Conference sarpanch in South Kashmir’s Shopian and a day later another sarpanch was shot at.

Saradha scam: TMC dares PM Modi  Amit Shah to arrest Mamata  says party a thorn in BJP s flesh27
0
Kolkata: The Trinamool Congress dared Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Bharatiya Janata Party President Amit Shah to arrest West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee as multi-crore Saradha scam lands at her doorstep. Her close aide and Cabinet minister Madan Mitra was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation on Friday.
TMC MP Derek O'Brien said, "I dare the Prime Minister and BJP President to try and arrest Mamata Banerjee. The TMC is a thorn in BJP's flesh. Mamata will not bow down."
This is for the first time that a Cabinet Minister in the Mamata government has been arrested by the CBI in the scam. So far, the arrested persons included TMC members of Parliament Kunal Ghosh and Srinjoy Bose.
#tmc #bjp #saradha scam #mamata banerjee
Mamata defended Mitra and lashed out at the Centre calling the arrest as "unconstitutional, illegal and vendetta politics".
Brien said, "This is a deep political vendetta against TMC. We'll fight it. Madan Mitra's arrest didn't hurt. In politics, we fight politically."
Meanwhile, Mamata also alleged that the BJP leaders were involved in the Saradha scam and that the arrests being made by the CBI in the issue are bullying tactics of the Centre. She accused the BJP of destroying the federal structure of the Constitution. "It is illegal to arrest a Cabinet minister without informing the CM," said the enraged leader.
The CBI arrested Mitra after interrogating him for nearly five hours over the post he was holding in Saradha Group of Companies. The minister appeared before the CBI at the agency's office at the Salt Lake CGO complex on Friday morning in connection with the case. He has been arrested on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating, misappropriation and for deriving undue financial benefits from the Saradha Group.
He was summoned by the CBI in November 2014 but he checked into a government hospital barely hours before his scheduled appearance before the investigating agency, presumably to evade the grilling session. The CBI also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipto Sen and Saradha Group on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case. Balodia had drafted the letter which Sudipto Sen had sent to the investigative agency, a CBI spokesman said.
Kunal Ghosh has also accused Mitra of being involved in the scam. Mitra won the Bishnupur Assembly seat of South 24 Parganas district in the 2009 bypolls. He represented the constituency perched in the southern fringes of Kolkata till 2011.
The Saradha Group, incidentally, started its operations from Bishnupur and during Mitra's time, was in full flourish. Mitra lectured at the group's investors' meet and ushered heaps of praises on the "good work the company was doing".
He was, allegedly, also the president of the group's employees' association. His pictures with the discredited chairman of the Group, Sudipta Sen, was once seen proudly hung at the Saradha offices before they were quickly removed after the company collapsed in April, 2013.
31

Indonesia: Landslide kills 11  search on for 108 missingBy: Agence-France Presse | Jemblung (indonesia) |
Posted: December 13, 2014 11:37 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:16 pm
Rescuers searching for more than 80 people missing after a landslide in Indonesia deployed bulldozers and excavators today to battle their way through roads strewn with debris to the site of the disaster, officials said.
At least 26 people have been confirmed dead after torrential downpours triggered the landslide hitting Jemblung village in central Java late Friday, National Disaster Management Agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said.
“We found six more bodies today. Eighty-two people are still missing,” he told AFP.
Hundreds of rescuers were digging through the mud with shovels and their bare hands in a desperate hunt for any survivors.
“I am very worried,” a sobbing Sutinem, whose 12 family members including her children were buried in the landslide, he said.
The 45-year-old, who like many Indonesians goes by only one name, said so far only the body of her mother had been found. She was not at the village when the landslide hit as she was working in west Java.
“I was shocked to see that my village was flattened to the ground… I pray that the government will find them quickly,” she said.
“We are trying our best to look (for) those still buried.
It’s a big challenge because we are still using manual tools and the affected area is very muddy,” military official Edi Rahmatullah told reporters.
Provincial search and rescue agency chief Agus Haryono said rescue efforts have been slow because the ground was still unstable.
“The affected area is a large valley surrounded by hills.
The soil is loose and muddy so we have to be very careful when digging to prevent more landslides,” he said, adding that sniffer dogs were being deployed to detect bodies.
“The chances of finding anyone alive at this point is slim, but who knows? We just hope and pray that we can find survivors,” he said.
Authorities were using heavy equipment to clear a three-metre high pile of fallen trees and rubble on the main road leading to the site of the disaster.

Book passes for Taj Mahal online from ChristmasDec 13, 2014 at 11:38am IST
Book passes for Taj Mahal online from Christmas
35
0
Agra: The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) is ready to launch its online entrance ticket booking to the Taj Mahal from Christmas day.
Tourism personnel in Agra have welcomed the long pending initiative which hoteliers think will curb unauthorised entry, fake ticket selling and other dubious means to gain entry to the world heritage monument.
"The long queues at the booking windows will disappear as advance booking of e-tickets would be available online. The tourists will come armed with identity proof and printout of the tickets," tourist guide Ved Gautam said.
The Taj Mahal was visited by close to six million tourists in 2013.
#taj mahal #agra #asi #online ticket booking
Reselling of tickets has been a issue for the past several years but interest groups in the form of black marketeers were thwarting attempts to introduce the e-ticketing facility. But now the union culture and tourism ministry has given the green signal to the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (ICRTC) which in collaboration with the national institute of smart governance, will operate and monitor the response beginning December 25, the birthday of former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
The Taj Mahal was visited by close to six million tourists in 2013. This year there has been a slight fall in the arrivals, according to industry sources. "But once air traffic increases, as it is most likely to after the announcement by the state government to reduce VAT on aviation fuel in Agra from 22 to just 4 percent, the number of tourists will rise," said Rajiv Tiwari, president of the Federation of Travel Agents Associations.
ASI officials said the e-tickets would be covered with security features including a bar code. The ASI director general Rakesh Tiwari who visited the Taj Mahal Wednesday held meetings with officials and gave the go ahead signal.
After the one-month trial stint at the Taj Mahal, similar facilities would be available for other monuments as well. ASI staffers are being trained and bar code scanners would be installed at the gates, ASI chief in Agra N.K. Pathak said.
The National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) is also studying the carrying capacity of the fragile 17th century monument. Experts say that in the coming months, a limit would be fixed on the number of visitors to the Taj. "This will help save the Taj Mahal from the ever-increasing human load, which adds to the pollution level," said Surendra Sharma, president of the Braj Mandal Heritage Conservation Society.
The Taj is India's pride and every effort should be made to ensure its safety and maintenance. "The pressure of humans has continued to increase each year, which can pose a problem. More alarming is the state of the polluted Yamuna river which runs without water for most of the year. This issue has to be addressed urgently as water in the river is a necessity for the survival of the Mughal monument," R. Nath, eminent Mughal historian told IANS over the phone.
6

Japan s weak opposition makes Abe default ch...Japan's weak opposition makes Shinzo Abe default choice
AP Dec 13, 2014, 12.22PM IST
Tags:
Insurability
("The problem of this election…)
TOKYO: Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is counting on a landslide victory in Sunday's parliamentary elections that will likely return his ruling coalition to power with an even bigger majority, empowering him to pursue an ambitious agenda of political and economic reforms.
``This is the only way!'' is the slogan Abe is driving home in his campaign speeches. For Japanese voters, that is probably the case.
The economy is back in recession , the government's popularity ratings have slid and messy campaign finance scandals have roiled Abe's Cabinet. Normally, that would be bad news for the incumbent. Yet Abe is virtually the only game in town thanks to Japan's tendency toward a one-party political system, voter apathy and a lack of viable alternatives.
Polls show that many voters, fed up with or indifferent to the choices on offer, support no party in particular, so Abe's Liberal Democratic Party may win by default.
``The problem of this election is there is actually no choice for voters,'' said Yu Uchiyama, a professor of political science at Tokyo University . ``Many people will choose Abe as a kind of negative choice. There are no alternatives.''
The main opposition Democratic Party of Japan was in power for three years from 2009 to 2012, but lost voters' confidence amid perceptions of ineptitude and after failing to deliver on campaign pledges and struggling to guide the country after the 2011 earthquake, tsunami and nuclear disasters.
The DPJ will field candidates in only about one-fifth of the 295 single seat districts. Polls show it taking fewer than 100 seats in Sunday's vote, including its winners in 180 proportional representation districts.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM pays tributes to martyrs of 2001 Parliament attackPM pays tributes to martyrs of 2001 Parliament attack
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Dec 13:  
On the anniversary of the attack on Parliament, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today saluted those who were martyred protecting the temple of democracy.
“We salute the martyrs who lost their lives protecting the Temple of our Democracy on this day in 2001. Their sacrifices are etched in our memory,” he tweeted.
On December 13, 2001, five heavily-armed terrorists had stormed Parliament complex and opened indiscriminate fire, killing nine persons. The five terrorists were also shot dead.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

CIA info leak: Justice won t ask James Risen to divulge sourceBy: Associated Press | Washington |
Posted: December 13, 2014 12:47 pm
The Justice Department has ruled out forcing New York Times reporter James Risen to divulge his source in the upcoming trial of a former CIA officer accused of leaking classified information, a person familiar with the matter said Friday night.
The decision comes ahead of a Tuesday court hearing at which Justice Department prosecutors were directed to reveal whether they planned to seek Risen’s testimony. It also resolves a standoff between Risen and the government that threatened to end with him being held in contempt of court.
The person briefed on the matter spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the decision had not yet been formally announced. The source said it was still possible the Justice Department would seek testimony from Risen, but not about his source.
Prosecutors allege that Jeffrey Sterling disclosed to Risen classified information about operations in Iran. They have said that Risen’s testimony is integral to their case.
In a motion filed last month, they said they had no deal in place with Risen and that his lawyers had said that, even if subpoenaed, he would refuse to provide any substantive testimony at the trial.
The trial has long been delayed while lawyers have debated whether Risen enjoys any kind of immunity from being compelled to testify about his interactions with anonymous sources.
In June, the Supreme Court let stand a ruling from a federal appellate court that Risen could be subpoenaed.

Climate talks run into overtime as India  others reject firstdraftPrint
Environmental activists wearing puppet faces representing, from left, Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott, Canada's Prime Minister Stephen Harper, Russia's President Vladimir Putin, Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi perform during the Climate Change Conference COP20 in Lima. (Source: AP)
Written by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 13, 2014 1:31 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 9:13 pm
The climate talks at Lima were on the brink of collapse on Saturday after two attempts to push through watered-down proposals were rejected by the developing countries, forcing the head of negotiations to summon the delegates for an extra day of work.
The two-week long negotiations were supposed to have ended on Friday evening with a decision on the kind of climate actions that countries could take in order to claim them as their “contribution” to the global fight against climate change. These ‘contributions’, the magnitude of which was to be determined by the country itself, and hence called Intended Nationally Determined Contributions, or the INDCs, are to become the backbone of a new international legal architecture on climate change that is supposed to be finalized at the next year’s climate talks in Paris.
In Lima, the countries were also to suggest the other features of this international legal architecture, so that they had a one-year time to negotiate on these and come to an agreement during the Paris conference. The architecture, if agreed in Paris, would come into effect in 2020.
Read full coverage: Express at Lima
But deep divisions in the positions of the developed and developing countries blocked any progress on Friday, and by evening countries had abandoned the formal processes to huddle in small informal groups and bilateral meetings in a desperate bid to forge an agreement. The talks went into extra-time, till the early hours of Saturday morning. But a new draft decision text, introduced at 2.30 in the morning, widened the rift further and gave rise to much distrust as a number of countries accused the head of negotiations of attempting to push unacceptable proposals down their neck as a fait accompli.
As country after country got up to say that they had not been consulted in preparing the draft text and protested against the half-an-hour time given to them to study the text and make amendments, the head of negotiations was left with no option but to close the proceedings for the day and ask the delegates to reconvene on Saturday morning.
Venezuela’s representative said the way countries were being asked to approve the text at the last minute, he was reminded of Copenhagen. At the 2009 climate conference in Copenhagen, an agreement was thrust on the countries at the last minute, leading to much heartburtn.
Christian Aid’s senior climate change advisor, Mohamed Adow, blamed the co-chairs of the working continued…

Saradha scam: Bengal minister Madan Mitra arrested  Mamata says BJP s vendettaSaradha scam: Bengal minister Madan Mitra arrested  Mamata says BJP s vendetta
SC dismisses Defence Ministry appeals against disabled soldiers: Political executive loses opportunity to earn goodwill0
The writer is former Indian Army Major Navdeep Singh.
It is well known that the current political regime is proactive and deeply concerned about the welfare of men and women in uniform. It is also well documented that both the Prime Minister as well as the Defence Minister are sensitive towards the fact that military veterans in this country are perturbed by the functioning of the Department of Ex-Servicemen Welfare (DESW) and also the litigation unleashed by it on disabled soldiers, poor pensioners of lower ranks and also military widows. Not only that, this issue was also raised in Parliament and very recently by known public figures. I had also sent a confidential note to all concerned, including the defence services, requesting action in this regard. But of course, this issue is not as glamorous or brownie point oriented like say the One Rank One Pension.
Keeping in view the fact that the manifesto of the ruling party spoke of minimising appeals filed against military veterans by the government, many veteran organisations wrote to the PM and all concerned apprising them of some ruthless decisions taken in the past, not by the political executive but by the bureaucracy at the lower levels in tandem with some staffers of the defence accounts department who cannot think beyond the literal interpretation of government policy which it feels is sacrosanct even if it is struck down by Courts or contravenes law, logic or basic common sense. Unfortunately, in our system, any illegality or illogical action can be defended with a noting sheet by the civil as well as military bureaucracy leading to wrong inputs to those occupying posts at the top who do not have time or inclination to hear the other (affected) side of the story.
The judiciary came to the rescue when the Supreme Court dismissed more than 800 appeals filed by the Ministry of Defence and the Army against its own soldiers.
#defence ministry #supreme court #bjp #disabled soldiers
The issue of broad banding affected quite a few disabled soldiers.
The Fifth Pay Commission had introduced the concept of broad-banding to minimise medical subjectivity and rationalise mistakes of medical boards by providing that those with a disability below 50 per cent would be granted a disability element by treating it as 50 per cent, those with 50-75 per cent would be granted the benefit of 75 per cent and above 76 per cent would be considered as 100 per cent. However while implementing the concept, the Defence Ministry granted it only to post-1996 personnel invalided out on medical grounds and not to pre-1996 or those who were released with disability pension on superannuation or completion of terms, though all categories were equally afflicted with the problem of medical subjectivity. Military pension rules however provided that defence personnel released in a low medical category were deemed to be invalided out of service for purposes of disability pension.
There was a series of litigation thereafter wherein various benches of the Armed Forces Tribunal, High Courts and then the Supreme Court in a detailed decision (Captain KJS Buttar Vs Union of India) held that pre-96 disabled personnel and those released on completion of terms or superannuation could not be deprived of broad-banding. One of the lead cases therein was that of Former Army Vice Chief Lt General Vijay Oberoi, war disabled in the 1965 Indo-Pak War. The then Chief of the Army Staff, General VK Singh, rightly and strongly directed that appeals should not be filed in such cases and the decisions needed to be fully accepted and implemented by the establishment.
The filing of appeals in the broad-banding matter even after the decision of the Supreme Court in Capt KJS Buttar's case displayed a strange kind of incorrigibility. The continued filing of appeals even after the Review Petition of the Defence Ministry was dismissed by the Supreme Court in January 2014 in Capt KJS Buttar's matter reflected administrative arrogance which surpassed all lines of institutional decency. The sustained filing of civil appeals against disabled and war disabled soldiers in the Supreme Court much after the new regime had taken over was perplexing too since it was diametrically opposite to the sentiment of the new government. In the bargain, thousands of appeals were filed and tagged together wasting crores and crores of taxpayers' money. Your money, my money. Would the citizens of any nation allow their taxes to be used to unleash terror on disabled and war disabled soldiers?
One always thought that with a strong political will in place, the lower level bureaucracy would be tamed. With so many verdicts on the same subject in favour of disabled veterans and with the expressed sentiment of the present government, I personally expected a decision at the highest level to the effect that such appeals filed at the behest of the DESW and also elements of the military establishment would be withdrawn.
Ultimately, like always, it was the judiciary that came to the rescue when the Supreme Court dismissed more than 800 appeals filed by the Ministry of Defence and the Army against its own soldiers. Though it has brought relief to disabled and war disabled solders, in it the government has also lost the opportunity of earning a whole lot of goodwill, a chance that should have been grabbed by simply suo moto withdrawing these unethical appeals from the Supreme Court. The anti-veteran sentiment of the lower bureaucracy has let down the political executive but that is for the higher echelons to realise.
I hope the government gives no more occasion to junior babus of the ironically titled Department of Ex-Servicemen Welfare to let down defence veterans and consequently the entire nation with their sadistic egotism. I hope next time the government is faced with a situation like this, it takes the side of judiciousness, logic, sentiment and sensitivity and not morbid file notings put up by a babu sitting in a dingy office somewhere attempting to decide the entitlement of thousands of those who sacrificed their comforts in their prime, for all of us.
Ungrateful we are indeed.

Rules you must know regarding gift taxationRahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Edition: December 2014
Photo: Reuters
The year's last quarter is dotted with numerous festivals. It is also the marriage season. Giving/receiving gifts is integral to both. However, most people do not know that some gifts are taxable in the hands of recipients, a fact that may land them into trouble with the tax department. So, to make sure that you stay clear of tax troubles, we give you a low-down on rules that govern gift taxation.
Background
The term 'Gift' was first defined for tax purposes in The Gift Tax Act 1958, which was repealed by the Finance Act 1998. Later, the Finance Act 2004 revived gift tax and put under it in the income tax regime.
Under the Act, gift can be given in the form of cash, immovable property (land/building) and movable property (such as securities, jewellery, painting, sculpture, work of art). Any of these, if received from a close relative, is not taxable. For gifts from others, this is what the tax rules say. Cash: If aggregate value is equal to or less than Rs 50,000, no tax is levied on the recipient (individual/HUF or Hindu undivided family). If the value exceeds Rs 50,000, the whole amount is taxable. The amount is added to 'income from other sources' and, thus, is taxed according to the person's tax slab.
Parizad Sirwalla, partner, direct tax, KPMG, says, "Gifts are taxable in the hands of recipients (individual/HUF) under the head 'income from other sources" Immovable property: Receiving an immovable property as a gift is a complex affair. One key point is that the gift has to be given in writing, signed by the donor, and attested by at least two witnesses.
There are other complexities too. "If the stamp duty value of the property exceeds Rs 50,000, such stamp duty shall be treated as income in the hands of the recipient. However, if the property is transferred for a consideration and the stamp duty value exceeds the consideration by more than Rs 50,000, the difference is treated as income in the hands of the recipient." Movable property: Movable property includes securities, jewellery, archaeological collection, bullion as well as a work of art. If any movable property other than the above mentioned ones are gifted, no tax is payable. Suresh Surana, founder, RSM Astute Consulting Group, says, "If a movable property is received without consideration, tax is levied on its fair market value if it exceeds Rs 50,000. However, if a property is received by payment of less than the fair market value, the difference between the market value and the price paid is taxed under the head 'income from other sources.' But the property's fair market value must be more than Rs 50,000.
Who are Relatives?
The term 'relative' has been defined to mean: i) Spouse; ii) Brother or sister; iii) Brother or sister of the spouse of the individual; iv) Brother or sister of either parent of the individual; v) Any lineal ascendant or descendant of the individual; vi) Any lineal ascendant or descendant of the spouse of the individual; vii) Spouse of the person referred to in (ii) to (vi); and viii) In case of HUF, any member of the family.
Exemptions
Wedding gifts are not taxed, no matter how expensive they are. There are other exemptions too. One such exemption applies to any sum or property received by an individual or HUF from a relative, under a will/inheritance, from a local authority, from a specified registered trust or institution or from a specified fund or foundation or university or medical institution.
Clubbing of Income
Gift from spouse is exempt from gift tax as spouse falls under the definition of "Relative". However, income from such a gift is clubbed with the individual's income and taxed accordingly.

Syria: Islamic State beheads four men for blasphemy says SyrianObservatoryBy: Reuters | Beirut |
Posted: December 13, 2014 2:30 pm
Islamic State’s self-declared police force in western Syria decapitated four men after accusing them of blasphemy, a rights group monitoring the Syrian conflict said on Saturday.
The men were beheaded in the countryside east of the city of Homs by the militant group’s “Islamic Police”, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
The Observatory, which monitors the conflict using sources on the ground, reported a similar killing on Tuesday, when Islamic State beheaded a man in a town square in the north of the country.
Residents and activists say Islamic State has beheaded and stoned to death many people in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq for actions they see as violating their reading of Islamic law, such as adultery, homosexuality, stealing and blasphemy.
They have also killed rival fighters by similar methods off the battlefield and have set up patrols to police public behaviour in their bid to establish a caliphate.
The Observatory also reported on Saturday that Islamic State had stoned a man and a woman to death for adultery in Manbij town in northern Syria after Friday prayers.
The group, which is the target of U.S.-led air strikes in both countries, has also killed a smaller number of foreign captives. The Observatory said last month that Islamic State had killed 1,432 Syrians off the battlefield since the end of June when it declared a caliphate in the territory under its control.

India police detain man said to be behind pro-Islamic State Twitter postsIndia police detain man said to be behind pro-Islamic State Twitter posts
Black Money: SIT Traces 14 958 Crore in India  4 479 Crore in Swiss BanksBlack Money: SIT Traces 14 958 Crore in India  4 479 Crore in Swiss Banks
Russia would react if US imposes new sanctions over the Ukraine crisis - ReportRussia would react if US imposes new sanctions over the Ukraine crisis - Report
Maharashtra irrigation scam: Politicos react after Fadnavis gives nod for probeMaharashtra irrigation scam: Politicos react after Fadnavis gives nod for probe
In overtime  UN climate talks head for watered-down deal in LimaIn overtime  UN climate talks head for watered-down deal in Lima
Lyon steals Virat s thunder to give Oz thrilling win in first Test against IndiaLyon steals Virat s thunder to give Oz thrilling win in first Test against India
Lima climate summit emits more CO2 than a small countryLima climate summit emits more CO2 than a small country
Not just sales  Xiaomi shuts down India website  tooNot just sales  Xiaomi shuts down India website  too
Sugar stocks jump on Cabinet s ethanol price decisionAjay Modi      Follow @ajaymodibt    Last Updated: December 11, 2014  | 18:25 IST
Photo: Reuters
Shares of sugar companies jumped Thursday after the government fixed the price that oil marketing companies pay mills to purchase ethanol to blend it with petrol.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs, late Wednesday evening, fixed the price of ethanol in the range of Rs 48.50 to Rs 49.50 a litre, depending upon the distance of the sugar mill from the depot of the oil marketing companies, according to a government statement. Oil companies are required to blend five per cent ethanol with petrol.
On the Bombay Stock Exchange , shares of the country's biggest sugar maker Bajaj Hindusthan gained 4.52 per cent to close at Rs 21.95.
Balrampur Chini rose 4.94 per cent to end at Rs 61.55 while Renuka Sugars gained 4.15 per cent to close at Rs 17.55. The BSE Sensex declined 0.82 per cent.
Industry officials said that most supplies in the last sugar season (October 2013 to September 2014) were made at a price of Rs 42-43 a litre. This price was being arrived through a tendering process.
In July 2014, a price of Rs 47.50 was arrived at through the tendering process for supplies to be made in the new season beginning October. Wednesday's decision removes the uncertainty of tendering process and fixes the price higher at Rs 48.50 to Rs 49.50. The net realization to sugar mills will be about Rs 42 after incurring the cost of transportation and central/state taxes.
The move will help the sugar industry, which has been under pressure due to falling sugar prices . With clarity in prices, supply of ethanol for blending is also likely to improve. At the national level, only about two per cent blending had been taking place.
The government statement said ethanol blending will help the sugar industry. It will also help farmers in getting paid for sugarcane, reduce emissions and save foreign exchange of nearly Rs 4,800 crore.
"The industry welcomes the decision to bring transparency and simplify the procedures to finalise ethanol contracts and supplies thereof. We expect quicker finalisation of contracts because of the fixed pricing system and faster and smoother movement of ethanol within and across the states," said Abinash Verma, Director General of the Indian Sugar Mills Association.
Ethanol is considered a green fuel and its blending with petrol will help reduce India's heavy dependence on crude oil imports. But ethanol is also used by the chemical and alcohol industries, which have often opposed the blending programme.

Working Overtime to Push Reforms: JaitleyArun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
New Delhi: Committing to push growth rate to 6-6.5 per cent in the next fiscal year, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Friday said the government is "working overtime" to push reforms, especially, in sectors like insurance and coal, and the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
"We are working overtime on reforms... Insurance Bill will be taken up next week", Mr Jaitley said while speaking at a programme organised by a TV channel.
The minister further said that he sat late on Thursday with state finance ministers to sort out issues hampering the roll-out of the long-pending GST.
"I will try to introduce the Constitution amendment Bill for GST in the current session of Parliament so that it could be discussed and considered in the next session," he said, adding that the Bill to clear mess in the coal during UPA regime is being taken up by Parliament.
Mr Jaitley said the government was hopeful of achieving an economic growth rate of 6-6.5 per cent in the next financial year and over 7 per cent thereafter.
Refuting criticism that the government has not taken any big-ticket reform measures in the last six months, the minister said they are not about "sensationalising things" and that "one should see the big picture".
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, he added, announced the important decision of abolishing the Planning Commission, an institution which became irrelevant after the introduction of the economic reforms in 1991.
He further said the government decontrolled diesel and would take more steps to streamline public expenditure and rationalise subsidies after receiving the report of the Expenditure Commission.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 16:18 (IST)

Mumbai to get world s third largest metro rail networkMumbai to get world's third largest metro rail network
IANS     Mumbai   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 17:03 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) has planned a 450-km long network of metro rail corridors for the city and surroundings - the third largest in the world.
"The MMRDA has proposed to build 450 kms of metro rail and another network of monorail corridors which would offer efficient, convenient and environment friendly transportation system over the next 8-10 years," said MMRDA Metropolitan Commissioner UPS Madan at the Third Regional Dialogue, Mumbai, leading to the upcoming 15th Delhi Sustainable Development Summit scheduled in February.
The Mumbai Metropolitan Region (MMR), which comprises Mumbai and parts of adjacent Thane, Palghar and Raigad districts, is aimed to get metro rail connectivity which will be next only to Shanghai and Beijing.
Madan said that the government is working towards designing a transportation system that would ensure sustainable and smart mobility in the MMR.
He pointed out that given the changing income levels of the citizens, nearly 75 per cent of the MMR population relies on public transportation against 80 per cent population which was dependent on it earlier.
"Trains are cheap, eco-friendly and fast mode of transport - the people of Mumbai must be encouraged to use this mode by enabling better quality of services," Madan said.
Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation chairman Rakesh Saksena said that Mumbai and surroundings with a population of 22 million pose a major mobility challenge.
"Over 53 per cent of the population relies on the railways for modal transporation. It is densely occupied with nearly 7.6 million commuters commuting daily. The city has to focus on continuous capacity creation to met the demand-supply gap," he said.
For achieving this, a comprehensive roll out of metro rail, monorail and suburban trains is required, for which political and bureaucratic ownership of the projects and sustained government funding is the need of the hour, he said.
Mumbai Metro One CEO Abhay Mishra said that an efficient public transit system should save time, be financially viable and environment-friendly.
The much-awaited metro rail project intends to positively impact lives of Mumbaikars by meeting these criteria, but the government must adopt a transit-oriented planning by redesigning roads, consider pedestrian walking aspects, stricter parking norms, eliminating roadside hawkers and illegal wayside constructions, Mishra urged.

Tata Chem to grow branded products bizUpdated: December 12, 2014 22:47 IST
Tata Chem to grow branded products biz
Special Correspondent
R. Mukundan, Managing Director, Tata Chemicals Ltd. Photo: Bijoy Ghosh
TOPICS
company information
Tata Chemicals, on Thursday, indicated that it was strongly focused on boosting the branded and non-commodity businesses in view of the promising long-term opportunity.
The company, which has been moving from commodity-centric to a branded and more consumer-facing business, is bullish on the future growth opportunities in these segments in the medium-long term.
“Presently, branded and non-commodity business accounts for about 22 per cent of our total revenues. We expect the share to increase to about 50 per cent in the next seven years. We are in the process of building more branded food products,” said R. Mukundan, Managing Director, Tata Chemicals Ltd.
To support this growth plans, the company will focus on categories such as salts, pulses and water. As it seeks to engage directly with customers, it may attempt to lower its exposure to regulated and subsidised sectors.
With its premium brands Tata Salt and I-Shakti Salt, the company is leader in India’s branded Iodised salt segment with a market share of about 69 per cent.
Also, it has been marketing low-cost, nanotechnology-based Tata Swach water purifiers.
Salt revenues to double
“Its salt revenues could double from Rs.900 crore to Rs.1800 crore in next 5 years. Overall, consumer business (salt, water purifier and pulses) revenues could go up to Rs.3,500 crore (from Rs.1,100 crore at present),” according to Gauri Anand of PhilipCapital (India) Pvt Ltd.
Meanwhile, Tata Chemicals is also working on launching nutraceutical products.
It will be producing the first product Fructooligosaccharide (a probiotic product) at its Chennai plant, which is expected to start operations soon.

VECV eyes boost in bus market shareUpdated: December 12, 2014 23:36 IST
VE Commercial Vehicle eyes boost in bus market share
G. Balachandar
Shyam Maller, Senior VP- Sales, Marketing and Aftermarket, VECV, at the launch of Eicher Skyline Pro Series buses, in Chennai on Friday. Photo: Bijoy Ghosh
TOPICS
company information
Rolls out Skyline Pro Series buses in the light segment
VE Commercial Vehicle (VECV) has indicated that it is confident of sustaining its strong performance in the light and medium passenger segment, aided by the new launches and the proposed entry to newer segments.
While it has just rolled out Skyline Pro Series buses in the light segment, built on a completely new platform with higher seats and comfort and safety features, in an attempt to further beef up its presence in the school transportation and staff transportation segment, it also looking at entering short-haul transportation and maxi-cab segments.
With a promise of five per cent better fuel efficiency than competition, Skyline Pro buses come at slightly higher prices when compared with the existing Skyline range. The 60-seater Skyline Pro School bus, priced at about Rs.18.9 lakh, offers the industry first seat belt for all seats.
The launch of premium range of buses under Skyline Pro comes on the back of changing preference of customers and fleet operators.
“We have been very strong in the school segment. The new range will further enhance our presence. Also, the change we are seeing is in the staff segment as contractors and fleet operators have started seeing value in our products. So, we have done well in staff segment in some locations,” VECV Senior Vice President (Sales & Marketing and Aftermarket) Shyam Maller told The Hindu.
“We have also started focusing on route permit categories which are typically the short-haul transportation of 150-200 km stretches, where the STUs (state transport undertakings) may not be operating. At present, buyers in this segment are buying chassis from us and build the body on it. We will soon make a variant to cater to this segment,” he added.
The company is also seeing some promising opportunity in the maxi-cab segment, and is contemplating taking a plunge into the category. The company now offers buses in three brands — Starline (value segment), Skyline (middle segment) and Skyline Pro (top end).
During January-November, 2014, the VECV’s market share in the 5-15-tonne bus segment grew to 15.3 per cent from 13.6 per cent in a year-ago period, amid decline in overall bus volumes in the category.

Unidentified gunmen abduct  murder sarpanch in north KashmirComments
The body of a sarpanch, who was kidnapped by unidentified gunmen on Friday night, was found in Sopore area of north Kashmir's Baramulla district on Saturday.
Body of Ghulam Mohammad Mir (62) was recovered from a field in Shalabugh area of Sopore town, police said.
Mir was abducted by six gunmen from his residence in Tarzoo area of Sopore town at around 9pm on Friday night, a police official said.
Mir's family lodged a complaint with police following which a search operation was launched. The kidnapping cane three days after Sopore Assembly segment went to polls in the third phase.
This is the second sarpanch killing during the ongoing assembly elections.
On November 30, sarpanch Mohammad Sultan Bhat was shot dead in Shopian district. Another sarpanch was attacked in the run up to third phase of polling.
While the grassroot representatives have always been soft targets of militants in the valley, more than 12 panchs and sarpanches have been killed in Kashmir since panchayat elections took place in 2011.
While condemning the killing,  All Jammu and Kashmir Panchayat Conference chairman Shafiq Mir said that militants and other antidemocratic forces must read the writings on wall and shun the path of violence against the people of the state having opposite ideology. "They (militants) should realize that the people of the state have rejected their ideology and have proven their full faith in the democratic system. We will not let them to kill our leaders any more we will raise a banner of revolt against them soon if they didn’t stop attacks  on our leaders," said  Mir.
The apple town, hitherto known as separatist stronghold, saw a turnout of 30%, which was 10% higher than 2008 assembly elections.

Bengaluru man suspected of operating ISIS twitter account arrestedBengaluru man suspected of operating ISIS twitter account arrested
Bengaluru executive operates ISIS s most successful Twitter handleYou are here: Home > Collections > Nia
Executive from Bengaluru operates ISIS's most successful Twitter handle, @ShamiWitness
OUR POLITICAL BUREAU Dec 13, 2014, 03.05AM IST
Tags:
Assad
(He had been encouraging…)
NEW DELHII/BENGALURU: The global war against Islamic State moved closer home after Indian security agencies launched a manhunt to trace a man based in Bengaluru, who a UK-based television channel reported was behind a twitter handle popular among IS fighters.
The National Investigation Agency is looking into claims made by Channel 4, and a top security official told ET that an Indian youth arrested earlier for fighting with IS in Iraq confessed that the Twitter handle @ShamiWitness was operating from Bengaluru. A Channel 4 update later quoted the man behind @ShamiWitness as saying that he "doesn't know what to do" after reports that cops were after his trail.
"The matter has been given to the NIA and it is in touch with the Bengaluru Police. Our high commission in UK has also been asked to contact the UK government for more details," a senior home ministry official told ET.
The official added that Arif Majid - the Mumbai youth who returned to India after fighting for IS - had mentioned about the Twitter handle during his interrogation. Majeed, now in NIA custody, had told officials that the man behind @ShamiWitness works in Bengaluru and that he too was inspired by its tweets. "We had been trying to zero in on the person based on Majid's disclosures before Channel 4 exposed the same," the ministry official claimed.
A Facebook account, reportedly belonging to the same person, has a full name - Mehdi Masroor Biswas -which a few websites have put out as the original identity behind @ShamiWitness. The city's cyber cell has, so far, not able to trace the alleged operative by the IP address.
A Bengaluru Police source, however, said the Facebook account of Biswas, which has been closed now, was not registered from the city, but declined to say from which other city the registration was done.
The Bengaluru City Crime Branch is looking into the case but neither state nor the city police seem to have had any inkling that a person from the city was operating a twitter account with 17,700 followers and two million views a day. Additional director-general of police (law and order) Amar Kumar Pande told ET: "We also got to know of him only through media reports."
Channel 4 in its sensational revelation said that it has chosen not to reveal his full name as he says his life would be in danger if his true identity was made public. The report quoted Mehdi as saying that he would have gone to join Islamic State himself, but his family was financially dependent on him: "If I had a chance to leave everything and join them I might have.. my family needs me here," he was quoted as saying.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bengaluru police arrest pro-IS Twitter account operatorBengaluru police arrest pro-IS Twitter account operator
Press Trust of India | Bengaluru Dec 13, 2014 03:13 PM IST
The alleged handler of the "most influential" pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account, an electrical engineer employed with a multinational firm here, was arrested from an apartment in the city in the early hours today. 
Mehdi Masroor Biswas has "confessed" that he was handling the pro-jihad tweeter "@ShamiWitness" and he was particularly close to English-speaking ISIS terrorists, Karnataka DGP L Pachau told reporters here. 
An engineer working as "manufacturing executive" with a multinational company for an annual package of Rs 5.3 lakh, he became "a source of incitement and information" for the new ISIS recruits, Pachau said. 
Biswas, hailing from West Bengal, had admitted to operating "@ShamiWitness" twitter account for the last many years, he said, announcing the breakthrough along with Bengaluru Police Commissioner M N Reddi. 
Cases had been registered against Mehdi under various provisions of IPC, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act, Reddi said. 
Pachau said Mehdi had more than 17,000 followers on Twitter and used to "ferociously" tweet by aggregating information and closely watching developments of the region. 
The Bengaluru Police had launched a manhunt for Mehdi after Britain's Channel 4 News had aired the report regarding the country's IT capital's link with the Twitter account that is followed by foreign jihadis. 
Channel 4 News had said its investigation had revealed that the man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive in Bangalore working for an Indian conglomerate.

Bengaluru police arrest MNC executive behind pro-IS Twitter handleBengaluru MNC executive behind Islamic State's top Twitter account arrested
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi/Bengaluru, December 13, 2014
First Published: 11:12 IST(13/12/2014) | Last Updated: 21:00 IST(13/12/2014)
Comments
Bengaluru police have arrested Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the man allegedly behind terror group Islamic State’s (IS) most influential Twitter handle.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas has "confessed" he was handling the pro-IS tweeter "@ShamiWitness" and he was particularly close to English-speaking IS terrorists, Karnataka DGP L Pachau told reporters.
  
Bangalore police's investigating officer Hemant Nimbalkar writes on a photograph of Mehdi Masroor Biswas, in his police headquarters office in Bangalore (AP Photo)
He is religious but not a fanatic: Mehdi’s father
An engineer working as "manufacturing executive" with a Bengaluru-based multinational company for an annual package of Rs. 5.3 lakh, he became "a source of incitement and information" for the new ISIS recruits, Pachau said.
DGP Pachau,  along with Bengaluru Police Commissioner M N Reddi, announced the arrest a day after Biwas was identified by UK-based Channel 4 as the elusive handler of the pro-IS Twitter account.
Cases had been registered against Biswas under various provisions of IPC, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act, Reddi said.
.
CCB ON TOP: ISIS Tweeter ideologue Mehdi Masroor Biswas, 24, Engineer arrested at Bengaluru by Crime Branch (CCB)! pic.twitter.com/c8hspLtuvS
— JtCP Crime Bengaluru (@crimebangalore) December 13, 2014
Biswas, who is originally from West Bengal, used to run the Twitter account @ShamiWitness with  over 17,000 followers, “two-thirds of whom are foreign fighters” fighting for the IS in Iraq and Syria. His tweets were seen over 2 million times making him the “most influential twitter account” for the IS.
Son of a retired assistant engineer who worked with the West Bengal Electricity Board, Biswas was tracked to his house through his mobile phone which he did not attempt to switch off.
Biswas was interested in the Levantine region, also known as Eastern Mediterranean, consisting of Cyprus, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria and part of Southern Turkey from 2003 onwards, Pachau said.
Screen grab of the now deactivated @ShamiWitness Twitter account.
 
He used to work in the office during daytime and became active on the internet at nights, he said, adding, he had bought 60 GB Internet connection on monthly basis to read all breaking news on websites relating to ISIS/ISL.
    
Pachau said through his social media propaganda, Biswas abetted ISIL in its agenda to wage war against Asiatic powers.
Watch: ISIS twitter case: Accused arrested by police, confesses operating account since many years
Channel 4 exposed Biswas
Biswas was careful in hiding his true identity and was confident that it would never get revealed, the state police chief said. "His identity was exposed by Channel 4 and inputs  were passed on to the Indian agencies."
In its report, 'Channel 4' Friday said the man operating the account had been able to remain anonymous "until now" and avoiding questions about his role in the Islamic State's propaganda war.
The channel said its investigation had, however, revealed that the  man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive with an Indian conglomerate in Bengaluru.
The report had not however revealed Mehdi's full name as he said his life would be in danger. The account was shut down after the report surfaced.
    

IIT-Madras developing an Android e-scooterandroid
(The tablet can help the rider…)
CHENNAI: This e-scooter with its Android dashboard is out of the ordinary. IIT-Madras-incubated Ather Energy has developed a first-of-its-kind Android tablet dashboard for an electric scooter it is currently building. The tablet can help the rider with navigation and offer information on power, battery drain, system temperature and how long the scooter can go before the next charge-up. It can help track theft as well.
Posing behind a glass door inside the IIT-Madras Research Park is the fifth iteration. Ather has built this right from the chassis to the motor to the battery packs. It's about the size of any 100cc scooter in the market. The lithium-ion battery packs rest on the floorboard of the vehicle, sending minimal weight to the tyres and cutting "unsprung mass" - a major energy drainer. It is 20% lighter than counterparts and has a storage space that can accommodate two fullsized helmets.
"The idea all along was that it should be futuristic. A Hero will slam us in manufacturing. A TVS will make us vanish with their supply-chain efficiency. So, our bet can only be in design, functionality, and bringing a smart solution to Indian scooters," said Tarun Mehta, the 25-year-old co-founder of Ather Energy who quit Ashok Leyland to start the venture in October last year.
Corporate employment was not for other founder Swapnil Jain either, who had quit General Motors to team up with Mehta and return to their alma mater. Prof Krishna Kumar at IIT-Madras, who drew them into entrepreneurship , gave them the first few lakhs and the space to design their product.
The first prototype, ready in four months, served to help visualise how it looks, and firm up basic specifications such as torque, range, and temperature. Ather focussed on raising system efficiency by optimising the weight. "It took us three iterations to figure out where the battery should go," Mehta said.
About Rs 55 lakh has been spent so far, including investor money from Aerospike founder and IITMadras alumnus Srini V Srinivasan. Big names have just got on board: Sachin and Binny Bansal of Flipkart and Raju Venkatraman of Medall Healthcare have together invested $1 million.
"For me, the biggest return on investment will be the fact that not only do I get to encourage entrepreneurship, I also get to hear new ideas and learn from them at the same time," said Sachin Bansal , co-founder of Flipkart.
The ideas that Bansal is talking about include Internet of Things - the concept of connecting individual devices through wireless communications to draw operational data and control them. The team is trying out sensors to monitor bike parameters and process data on cloud. Each scooter will have its own SIM card for data communications. Ather will validate these ideas in a prototype expected to get ready in three months.
While Internet of Things is not unique in the automotive industry, Ather is the forerunner in bringing it to Indian scooters, said Krishna Kumar, the IIT faculty. The makingand-breaking is not over yet. The prototype currently can attain 75 kmph of speed, has lowcharging time of 1.5 hours against the typical e-scooter's 6-8 hours, and a total charge-up that consumes 2.5 units of electricity. All this is bound to improve before launch, which Mehta says would take another 12-15 months.
The Android dashboard may face issues in shock, heat resistance and periodic update, but an automotive-grade solution can offset some of the challenges. "At Ather, we have spent the last eight months working on the same," Mehta said. "We have initial prototypes which solve a number of these issues and over the next one year, we are confident of testing enough prototypes to bring this to production.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold price surges by Rs 40 on rise in demand by jewellersGold price surges by Rs 40 on rise in demand by jewellers
Payment seat scam still rocks Kerala CPI  senior leader quits partyWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 13, 2014 3:07 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:08 am
Kerala unit of CPI, the second leading constituent of the Opposition, Left Democratic Front, is still in turmoil over making a Church nominee as its candidate in the last LS elections after taking a huge sum from him. The issue had contributed the usage of “payment seat” in electoral politics in Kerala.
On Saturday, senior CPI leader P Ramachandran Nair quit from the primary membership of the party, saying that he would approach the Lokayukta demanding that senior CPI leaders should be made accused in the ongoing probe into the allegation that party took money to make a person candidate. Nair had been a former district secretary of the party in the state capital and had contested against Congress’ Shashi Tharoor in 2009.
Acting upon a complaint that CPI had taken money from Dr Bennet Abraham to make him LDF candidate in the LS election in Thiruvananthapuram constituency, Lokayukta has initiated a probe in the issue. Lokayukta had earlier rejected CPI claim that the anti-corruption ombudsman did not have the powers to conduct such a probe.
After Abraham, member of Church of South India, was made CPI candidate in Thiruvananthapuram, a section of party leaders had protested. They said the party had allotted Thiruvananthapuram seat to an independent candidate as a payment seat.
When the results were out, Congress’ Shashi Tharoor won from the seat and CPI’s candidate finished third after BJP’s O Rajagopal. The poll outcome forced the CPI to conduct a probe into the unimpressive show of the party’s independent candidate. A party panel probe had found that CPI leaders had taken Rs 1.87 crore from Abraham to make him a candidate.
Following the inquiry, Nair and another senior leader C Divakaran were removed from party state executive and V Sasi as party district secretary. Alleging that he was made a victim of factionalism in the party, Sasi immediately quit the party and joined RSP, now a constituent of the Congress-led United Democratic Front.On Saturday, Nair became the second senior leader to quit from the party over payment seat controversy. Nair told the media that he would approach the Lokayukta demanding that party state secretariat members should be made accused in its probe into the scam. Gunning for party state secretary Pannian Raveendran, Nair said party state secretary cannot run away from the responsibility of the payment seat scam. The probe panel had indicted Raveendran, but he did not reveal that decision to the media, said Nair.
On Saturday, Nair became the second senior leader to quit from the party over payment seat controversy. Nair told the media that he would approach the Lokayukta demanding that party state secretariat members should be made accused in its probe into the scam. Gunning for party state secretary Pannian Raveendran, Nair said party state secretary cannot run away from the responsibility of the payment seat scam. The probe panel had indicted Raveendran, but he did not reveal that decision to the media, said Nair.
The unprecedented practice of taking money from an outsider to allot him candidature has continued…

PTI chief Imran Khan ready to resume talks with Pakistan government to end protestsBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: December 13, 2014 2:52 pm
Opposition leader Imran Khan’s Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf party has agreed to hold talks with the PML-N government after months of stand-off between the two sides over allegations of mass rigging in last year’s polls.
The two sides have agreed to resume formal talks from Sunday after they were suspended in August end and the points discussed in the meeting would not be made public.
“Both sides have decided that the content of their meetings will not be made public, to discourage speculation,” said Minister for Planning and Development Ahsan Iqbal, who is a member of the government team.
He said that government was sincere in resolving the four month-long crisis through talks and asked Khan to cool political temperatures and avoid making fiery speeches.
The minister said that the government had no objection to the two demands presented by the PTI with regard to the investigation into alleged rigging during the elections of 2013 and reforms of electoral rules.
“The government is ready to investigate whether there was systematic rigging in the elections. The PTI’s second demand is related to electoral reforms, which are also being demanded by nearly all other political parties to ensure the system is fair and transparent,” he said.
He said there was no deadlock on PTI’s demand about an ordinance making the commission’s report binding on the government, the Dawn reported.
He said dialogue had resumed in a cordial atmosphere and Finance Minister Ishaq Dar and PTI Vice Chair­man Shah Mehmood Qureshi will head their teams. Khan has been agitating since mid-August outside the parliament with his supporters, demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif’s ouster.
One person was killed earlier this week during violent clashes between workers of PTI and ruling Pakistan Muslim League (N) in Faisalabad city.
Khan has threatened to impose phased shut-down in Pakistan by December 18 if his demands were not accepted.

US OK with India engaging Russia; cautions against trade dealsBy: Press Trust of India | Washington |
Posted: December 13, 2014 2:43 pm
The US has said it has no problem with India’s engagement with Russia, but cautioned that it was not the right time to have trade deals with Moscow because of a series of international sanctions against it.
“It does not mean that India should not engage with Russia,” a senior State Department official said when asked about the official US statement in the last few days that this is not the time to do business with Russia.
“We engage with Russia on Iran. We engage with Russia on a range of issues,” the official said, requesting anonymity.
US Secretary of State John Kerry and his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov yesterday discussed over phone the situation in the Middle East, including recent developments in Israel, the West Bank and the region, as well as current initiatives at the UN, a top State Department official said.
“It (not doing business with Russia) just means that countries around the world do not move forward with same kind of economic relationship which they have done in the past given that sanctions that are put in place by a number of countries,” the official said, referring to the US and EU sanctions against Russia over Ukraine crisis.
“Does this means that the kind of deals that India has done (with Russia during the just concluded visit of President Vladimir Putin) should not have done?” the official was asked.
“I would not say that. I understand that there are a range of countries that have relationship with Russia including India,” the official said acknowledging the history of strong India-Russia relationship.
It is a complicated world, the official said.
“Our relationship with India is incredibly important to us. We have an important economic relationship. You can have a range of discussions behind the scene diplomatically, privately, which you do not necessarily say publicly,” the official said.
Meanwhile, the State Department said Putin’s just concluded India visit would have no impact on the visit of President Barack Obama to New Delhi to attend the Republic Day Parade as the chief guest.
“No,” State Department Spokesperson Jen Psaki told reporters when asked if Putin’s visit would have any impact on Obama’s trip.
“India remains an important partner. Obviously, our economic relationship is a big part of what we continue to work on,” Psaki said.
She was quick to point out India’s stand on several Russian actions in past including that in Ukraine.
“I’d remind you India doesn’t support the actions of Russia and the actions – their intervention into Ukraine. They’ve (India) been pretty outspoken about that as well,” Psaki said.
In an article, the Christian Science Monitor said that the message coming from Prime Minister Narendra Modi is that India will not forget its old friends.
“Modi’s message seems to be that, even as a growing India with global ambitions expands its horizons to new partners, it’s continued…

Imran Khan ready to resume talks with Pakistan govt to end protestsBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: December 13, 2014 2:52 pm
Opposition leader Imran Khan’s Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf party has agreed to hold talks with the PML-N government after months of stand-off between the two sides over allegations of mass rigging in last year’s polls.
The two sides have agreed to resume formal talks from Sunday after they were suspended in August end and the points discussed in the meeting would not be made public.
“Both sides have decided that the content of their meetings will not be made public, to discourage speculation,” said Minister for Planning and Development Ahsan Iqbal, who is a member of the government team.
He said that government was sincere in resolving the four month-long crisis through talks and asked Khan to cool political temperatures and avoid making fiery speeches.
The minister said that the government had no objection to the two demands presented by the PTI with regard to the investigation into alleged rigging during the elections of 2013 and reforms of electoral rules.
“The government is ready to investigate whether there was systematic rigging in the elections. The PTI’s second demand is related to electoral reforms, which are also being demanded by nearly all other political parties to ensure the system is fair and transparent,” he said.
He said there was no deadlock on PTI’s demand about an ordinance making the commission’s report binding on the government, the Dawn reported.
He said dialogue had resumed in a cordial atmosphere and Finance Minister Ishaq Dar and PTI Vice Chair­man Shah Mehmood Qureshi will head their teams. Khan has been agitating since mid-August outside the parliament with his supporters, demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif’s ouster.
One person was killed earlier this week during violent clashes between workers of PTI and ruling Pakistan Muslim League (N) in Faisalabad city.
Khan has threatened to impose phased shut-down in Pakistan by December 18 if his demands were not accepted.

How RBI rate cuts will benefit PSU banks the...You are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
Here’s how rate cuts by RBI will benefit PSU banks the most
Dec 13, 2014, 02.58PM IST
Tags:
(Interest rate cut by the…)
By D K Aggarwal
The dovish statement by Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan in the RBI's 5th bimonthly monetary policy is definitely indicating a shift in the policy stance by the RBI in the time ahead.
Though the RBI has left interest rates unchanged for the fifth time in a row, but the improving inflation and fiscal situation and falling commodity prices will surely give the RBI more room for taking accommodative policy measures in the near future.
Interest rate cut by the RBI will be a big positive for the Indian economy and more specifically to the Indian companies.
In a statement, the governor said that a change in the monetary policy stance at the current juncture is premature. However, if the current inflation momentum and changes in inflationary expectations continue, and fiscal developments are encouraging, a change in the monetary policy stance is likely early next year, including outside the policy review cycle.
It further said that once the monetary policy stance shifts, the subsequent policy actions will be consistent with the changed stance, meaning thereby that easing policy measures will continue by the RBI for a foreseeable future.
In the last few months the crude prices in the international market have corrected significantly and this has led to cut in the diesel prices in the domestic market by the oil marketing companies. Movement in the crude prices has a significant impact on the inflation.
Moreover, metal prices are also moving south. This will again have a positive impact on the inflation. And, accordingly the RBI has lowered the forecast for the CPI inflation to 6 per cent for March 2015.
The major concern is the full outcome of the north-east monsoon is still to come and how much impact it will have on the prices is yet to be seen. On the fiscal front, the outlook is likely to improve further supported by falling crude prices and government disinvestment program in the public sector undertaking.
Both corporate and banks are under pressure, but this shift in the policy will contribute in resolving their issues. Today, banks are under pressure due to high level of non-performing assets (NPAs) or bad loans, which is the outcome of the weak financial performance of the Indian corporates to whom the banks have provided loans.
The government of Indian on its part has already initiated a slew of measures that have already boosted the business confidence in India. And at this point if funding gets cheaper, business activities of the Indian incorporate will improve significantly and improve their repaying capacity.
Public sector banks (PSBs) are more exposed to higher NPAs issues than the private sector banks. Thus, a rate cut by the RBI will have greater advantage to the PSU banks.
(The author is CMD, SMC Investments and Advisors Ltd. Views and recommendations expressed in this section are his own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Here s how rate cuts by RBI will benefit PSU banks the mostHere s how rate cuts by RBI will benefit PSU banks the most
India  China support trilateral with USIndia  China support trilateral with US
Hinduja group acquires United Kingdom s Old War Office building occupied once by PM Winston ChurchillHinduja group acquires United Kingdom s Old War Office building occupied once by PM Winston Churchill
TCS Plans to Hike Entry-Level Pay Offered in Campus HiringTCS Plans to Hike Entry-Level Pay Offered in Campus Hiring
Sensex logs worst weekly loss in 3 years  falls 1 107.42 ptssensex logs worst weekly loss in 3 years  falls 1 107.42 pts
Huawei Launches Ascend P7 in India at 24 799Huawei Launches Ascend P7 in India at 24 799
Indian Markets Correcting Due to Global Factors: Andrew HollandYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Indian Markets Correcting Due to Global Factors: Andrew Holland
Published On:                  December 11, 2014                 | Duration: 17 min, 45 sec

Axis Bank on Fixed Home Loan SchemeYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Axis Bank on Fixed Home Loan Scheme
Published On:                  December 11, 2014                 | Duration: 7 min, 07 sec
Tweet
Jairam Sridharan , president (retail lending & payments), Axis Bank, told NDTV that the bank has launched a fixed home loan scheme at 10.40 per cent, for 20 years for home loan upto Rs 50 lakhs. He said they want to pass on the benefit of lower cost of funds after they raised Rs 5700 crore in infrastructure and affordable housing bonds to customers.

SPML Infra to Raise 75 Crore via QIP: Rishabh SethiYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
SPML Infra to Raise 75 Crore via QIP: Rishabh Sethi
Published On:                  December  9, 2014                 | Duration: 8 min, 53 sec

After Nokia  Foxconn comes to a haltUpdated: December 12, 2014 08:32 IST
After Nokia, Foxconn comes to a halt
Sangeetha Kandavel
company information
Taiwanese firm Foxconn, which made mobile phone panels for Nokia, has announced that it will be suspending its operations at its Sriperumbudur plant near here from December 24. Around 1,700 employees will be affected by this move.
Foxconn’s Indian unit FIH India Pvt. Ltd., was heavily dependent on Nokia for its businesses. The company started bleeding after Nokia slowly started cutting down production. Crying foul, Foxconn gave the VRS option to many of its employees like Nokia.
A statement from FIH Mobile Ltd, says, “We can confirm that our India operation, FIH India Private Ltd., will be suspending all operations at our manufacturing facility in Chennai effective December 24. This action is being taken due to a change in that facility’s customer base and a related change in the manufacturing requirements of our customers in India.” “We are working with the government and the labour unions to ensure that this action is carried out in a manner that follows all laws and regulations and is fair to the employees who will be affected by this move,” the statement added.

Financials to lead FY16 downgrade in SensexearningsEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
The Indian equity market may extend its strong momentum in 2015 even as fund flow from sovereign wealth funds slows down, says Neelkanth Mishra, managing director and head of India Equity Strategy, Credit Suisse. In an interaction with Devangi Gandhi, Mishra points out that the FY16 downgrade in Sensex earnings will be led by financials, given that stock prices are not reflecting risks associated with lending to sectors like metals and steel producers.
Why do you think India may emerge as the ‘island of  stability’?
Over the past six months, deflationary concerns have risen in several markets. Some of the decline in commodity prices is being ascribed to a supply response, but there is clearly a demand issue as well. Chinese growth is significantly over-reported; so, if one adjusts for this factor, the global growth looks worse. Real global GDP growth in CY14 stayed anaemic, and 2015 is expected to be only marginally better.  India, however, stands out as a rare economy with relatively strong growth — the growth gap between India and the world is expected to widen.
What about the impact of global slowdown and sharp fall in commodity prices, including that of crude oil?
The consensus view of lower commodity prices being a boon for India is perhaps directionally appropriate, but it overstates the advantages as the economic impact is likely to be only neutral-to-slightly-positive. We believe balance of payments surplus is unlikely to be higher than the $40-45 billion as  weaker exports and capital flows would offset the gains from cheap oil. First-order impact on inflation would be insignificant given that imported commodities are an insignificant part of CPI inflation — petrol and diesel together have a 2% weight in the index. Even second-order effects could get muted by the recovering economy.  The markets are much more linked to the world than the economy, given that 56% of Nifty revenues are not in INR, and of the rest, a large proportion comes from banks that lend to the first set.
Can it impact FII flows?
Given that a number of oil producing countries are big exporters of capital, these flows to India may slow down. We estimate that sovereign wealth funds backed by such countries have been investing $8-10 billion into India each year. The overall FII flows into the Indian market could come down from an average $20 billion in the last three years to about $10 billion next year.
This slowdown could be countered by investors exiting emerging market funds to put in money in India funds, which is a trend that has already started. Currently, though India’s weight in the emerging market basket has increased, it is more performance-linked — India has done well, but others have not. But the re-allocation from the funds that are under-invested — the eventual savers like pension funds, insurance funds, and Sovereign Wealth Funds — is unlikely to be rapid. They are much more considered in allocations, and even after they have committed, it would take them time to deploy the capital. They don’t move just because the market’s done well for one year. So, at least in the near term, the moderation of savings in commodity exporters will likely hurt equity flows into India.
What about the expected monetary easing by Japan and the euro zone?
If the Japanese central bank was to print more money, is it necessary that flows in India will go up? I don’t think so, because a lot of it can possibly go into de-leveraging. Even if a country doubles the quantitative easing — the primary money supply — if the money multiplier shrinks, then the eventual money available may not be that much. There are also multiple decision-points in between, at which funds can be diverted to various assets and countries. Therefore, it is wrong to correlate money printing directly to fund flows to India. But I think what it does impact is valuations: You can assume lower interest rates for a considerable time period while QE is happening. As a result, the propensity to still be invested in equities that are seemingly expensive but have higher growth opportunity would improve during QE. I am not correlating it to flows, but pricing expectations. Moreover, FII flows are not very strongly correlated with equity returns. So, I wouldn’t stress too much on flows.
The expectations on interest cuts are mounting.
What impact could, say a 50 bps cut, have on the financial health of Indian companies?
Even if there is a cut of 50 bps, on a base of 8% this translates into a 6% reduction in interest cost, assuming that this reduction is passed on. The interest coverage ratio of companies that account for one-third of loans in the system, is less than one, this decline will not make much difference, except for a handful. This is also because there are changes happening even at the Ebit level, i.e., their profits are shrinking as well. In case of metal producers, there has been a steep fall in metal prices globally, and a lot of steel companies are going to face stress, given that all of them have debt-to-Ebit ratio of five to six times. Even for smaller ones, the loans have just been restructured — very few have had loans written-off. In power plants, the restructuring can continue till the time the plants are not viable, given that there is a growing demand. However, in case of metal companies, the supply at such prices may not be viable.
These risks are not reflected in valuations of some the banks as people expect credit costs to come down, which I doubt. Earnings downgrades are likely because the consensus numbers for FY16 for financials are too high. So, most part of earnings cut (3-4%) on Sensex EPS will come from financials, materials and industrials, in our view.
Devangi Gandhi
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Indian rupee  BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty  Market Top Gainers/Losers  Gold price and moreArchive
Indian rupee, BSE Sensex, NSE Nifty, Market Top Gainers/Losers, Gold price and more
Indian rupee through the day against US dollar. Falling for the third day, Indian rupee today weakened by 14 paise to close at over one-week low of 62.02 against the Greenback on sustained dollar demand from importers and fresh capital outflows. Graph: PTI

J&K polls: Close contest between Omar Abdullah  PDP s Ashraf Mir in Sonawar; BJP to cash on Modi waveMufti Islah , CNN-IBN | Dec 13, 2014 at  10:08am IST
Srinagar: A day ahead of the fourth phase of polls in Jammu and Kashmir, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah is leading the fight for the National Conference from Sonawar, a constituency that bore the brunt of the recent floods. Omar is up against BJP candidate Darakshan Andrabi but many believe it is a straight contest between him and People's Democratic Party candidate Ashraf Mir, a businessman-turned-politician.
Ashraf Mir said, "For the last 18 years, this constituency is being represented by National Conference but it has never done anything for the people."
For the first time in the Valley, the BJP is running an ambitious 'Mission 44+' campaign and hoping to capitalise on Prime Minister Narendra Modi's popularity.
Three Kashmiri women and a local pandit have taken up the BJP's fight in battleground Srinagar whose constituencies are well represented by the separatists. The BJP hopes the poll boycott will work for it, while PDP and NC are working overtime to get as many voters to the polling booths.
BJP candidate Neelam Gash is contesting from downtown Zadibal neighbourhood. The networking engineer-cum-social activist was banking on the sizeable Shia voters of this Assembly segment.
Neelam Gash said, "I am the first female politician from the Shia community ever to stand for elections. BJP's manifesto brings our vision of Kashmir, for development, power and empowerment."
Srinagar has eight seats and whichever party wins from here will have a good chance of being a part of the next state government.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Buy Lupin on US generic pipeline performanceEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
Maintain ‘buy’ on Lupin with target price of R1,660 per share. We value the stock at 22x FY17e EPS, at par with large cap peers (one-year forward P/E), which is justified noting superior earnings growth of 25% over FY15-17 (versus 20% for peers), high return ratios, strong balance sheet.
Continued traction in US generic pipeline, strong domestic business and scale-up in Japan/RoW business would drive earnings momentum for Lupin, in our view.  We believe that it is likely to remain at the higher end of its P/E band as we remain convinced on its execution ability, driving further earnings upgrades.
Following the settlement with innovator Pfizer in Oct 2014, LPC has launched generic Celebrex (celecoxib, NSAID) as an authorized generic player. With three players launching alongside in the first wave of generic competition, Lupin stands to gain fair market share (15-20%). We expect staggered entry of new players in this product (8-10 ANDA filers), thus making it a lucrative revenue opportunity for LPC (estimate revenue of $75 million in the first year).
We expect Lupin to generate net profit of $20-25 million from this product over the next four to six quarters, implying an EPS contribution of 2% for FY16e. Hence, we raise the US sales assumptions, leading to an EPS upgrade of 2-3% for FY16e-17e.
Motilal Oswal
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Allocate more time to Social Justice Bench  say expertsWritten by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 4:19 am
The Social Justice Bench in the Supreme Court had its first sitting Friday, as it took up cases relating to rehabilitation of the tribal affected by the Narmada dam project, exploitation of children in circus, providing night shelters to the homeless and construction of hostels for students belonging to SCs/STs.
While the endeavour of Chief Justice of India H L Dattu in having a designated bench to address issues relating to rights of people has attracted much applaud, legal eagles have also voiced their suggestions to make it more effective.
Eminent jurist and senior advocate Fali S Nariman told The Indian Express that the bench should comprise not two but at least three judges. Presently, Justice Madan B Lokur and Justice Uday U Lalit comprise the bench, which is designated to hear not only certain identified pending cases but also fresh PILs on the issues troubling common man in everyday life.
“The move to have a special bench to deal with the issues of fundamental rights and human rights is to be appreciated in all earnestness. In my view, however, the Social Justice Bench should comprise three judges. It brings more flexibility in the view, at the same time bringing more legal firmness in the orders to be passed by the bench,” Nariman said.
He clarified that a three-judge bench could always overcome the predicament over difference in opinion on an issue by two judges, and it would also have the authority to pass all orders in the interest of justice even in cases where two-judge bench had taken a certain view in the past.
Senior advocate Colin Gonsalves, who has been associated with significant PILs like public distribution system, midday meal, malnutrition, crimes against women, acid attack and many more, called it a “distinguishable” measure to bring to the centre stage the issues of public interest but raised apprehensions over the sheer number of pending PILs.
Advocate Prashant Bhushan, who led the PILs on 2G spectrum scam and Coal block allocation case in the apex court, hailed the CJI’s move, saying it was indeed a “judicial leap” to earmark a special bench to deal with the PILs. However, he said the time allocated to the Social Justice Bench was inadequate considering the number of PILs pending in the court and also in the wake of the orders required to be issue urgently on some cases. Advocate Sanjay Parikh, who happened to be arguing the first case before the Social Justice Bench, also agreed with the view that two hours every week was not enough.
“I appear for the Narmada Bachao Andolan and my case is now listed for January 9. The court has said it would start hearing my case regularly from the next day till it finishes. I know it as a matter of fact that my case would take really long and it may actually take weeks since this bench will sit only once every week for two hours. So what happens to the other cases listed after it?” asked Parikh.

US: Shooting near Oregon school sends three to hospitalBy: Associated Press | Portland |
Posted: December 13, 2014 11:13 am
A suspected gang member opened fire on a group outside a high school, sending three young people to the hospital in what police said appeared to be a gang-related shooting.
The victims of the Friday shooting are students at Portland’s Rosemary Anderson High School or in affiliated job training programs, police Sgt. Pete Simpson said.
A 16-year-old girl was in critical condition, and two males– ages 17 and 20– were in fair condition, police said. A fourth person– a 17-year-old girl– was grazed by a bullet but not hospitalized.
Witnesses told police there may have been a dispute outside the school before the shooting occurred at a street corner. The assailant and two other people fled, and the wounded students went to the school for help, the spokesman said.
“Based on the investigation thus far, the shooting appears to be gang-related,” Simpson said Friday night in a statement. That gang link was stronger than police suggested earlier in the day.
Sierra Smith, a 17-year-old student, told The Oregonian newspaper she saw one of the male victims being helped by a teacher inside the school. “He was laying on the ground. He had blood coming out of his stomach,” she said. “It was scary.”
Rosemary Anderson High School serves at-risk students who were expelled or dropped out, or who are homeless or single parents.
According to the school’s website, 190 students annually are enrolled at the north Portland location. The school also has a second location in Gresham.
Gang violence in Portland isn’t a new phenomenon. Some of the violence occurs between rival gangs, but bystanders have also been hurt.
“We’ve made a lot of progress in addressing the gang problem, but we haven’t eradicated it,” Mayor Charlie Hales said. “Today’s really a sad reminder that it’s still with us.”

15 Jharkhand seats go for polling in fourth phase on SundayPress Trust of India | Dec 13, 2014 at 11:29am IST
Ranchi: Stage is set for the penultimate round of five-phase polling for 15 Assembly seats in Jharkhand on Sunday with former chief minister Babulal Marandi and three incumbent ministers testing their luck.
A total of 43,48,709 voters are eligible to decide the fate of 217 candidates, including 16 women.
Adequate security arrangements have been made in all the 15 constituencies with many being Maoist-hit. Polling in the worst-hit Maoist areas in the previous three rounds passed off peacefully.
A total of 43,48,709 voters are eligible to decide the fate of 217 candidates, including 16 women.
Marandi, whose fate has already been sealed in the third of the five-phase polling from Dhanwar, is among the 13 candidates in the fray from the Giridih seat this time. He had represented Giridih in the Lok Sabha in the previous House.
Polling will end at 5 PM in Dhanbad and Bokaro while the EVM will be sealed at 3 PM in the rest of the constituencies.
Jharkhand Disaster Management Minister Mannan Mallick (Congress-Dhanbad), Tourism Minister Suresh Paswan (RJD-Deogarh) and Building Construction Minister Haji Hussain Ansari (JMM-Madhupur) are in the field, besides 11 MLAs seeking re-election.
The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha and the Bahujan Samaj Party have fielded the maximum of 14 candidates each followed by the Jharkhand Vikas Party (Prajatantrik-13 candidates), CPI (three) CPI (M) and NCP in two seats each.
The fourth phase seats include Madhupur, Deogarh (SC), Bagodar, Jamua (SC), Gandey, Giridih, Dumri, Bokaro, Chandankyari (SC), Sindri, Nirsa, Dhanbad, Jharia, Tundi and Baghmara but there is  no separate seat for tribals.
With 28 candidates, Bokaro has the maximum number of contestants while Jamua, Chandankyari and Tundi have the minimum of ten candidates each.
In all, 716 out of 3,718 polling stations are marked as highly sensitive and 2007 as sensitive and only 615 polling station locations are situated in urban areas. The Election Commission assigned 335 polling stations for webcasting.
The EC has also deployed 27,410 polling personnel across the 15 constituencies with 5,482 Control Units for EVM and 6,978 ballot units. VVPAT (Voter verified paper audit trail) will be used in a combined total of 917 polling stations in Bokaro and Dhanbad. The Election Commission has also deployed 15 general observers, six expenditure observers, two police observers, two awareness observers and 1,069 micro observers, according to EC sources.
Polling to 50 of the 81 seats has already been concluded in the previous three phases.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

IT sector delivers big bucks  but PSUs play party spoiler: ReportEarnings growth, policy, rate cut to shape market movement in 2015
After a gap of nine years, the IT space has emerged as the largest wealth-creating sector for the five years ending 2014, shows the 19th wealth creation study by Motilal Oswal Securities.
The annual study, which lists 100 biggest and fastest wealth creators for the latest five years, showed that TCS retained its top spot for a second consecutive year as its market value expanded by R3.64 lakh crore on the back of a 51% CAGR in its price in the period.
The top-four IT companies collectively accounted for more than 22% of the R29.381 lakh crore of market value generated by the top-100 wealth creators in the last five years. The sector added R7.1 lakh crore of wealth.
With companies like HDFC Bank, ICICI Bank and HDFC doing exceedingly well, the banking and financial space emerged as the second prominent contributor to the top-10 list as, collectively, they reported a R3.27-lakh-crore jump in market value in the period under review.
ITC, Sun Pharma and Tata Motors concluded the top-10 list. While, with a more than 90% CAGR price movement, Eicher Motors and Bajaj Finance led the list of the fastest wealth creators, Amara Raja Batteries, Page Industries, IndusInd Bank, Aurobindo Pharma, Havells and Ipca Labs were part of the group too.
At five, the number of PSUs on the list fell to an all-time low. The aggregate wealth creation by these companies (BPCL, Petronet LNG, Bank of Baroda, REC and J&K Bank) also fell to as low as 2% compared to a 51% growth distributed among 30 PSU companies in the five years ended 2005, indicating value migration to the private sector.
“How to turn around the PSU segment is a big challenge for the government,” said Raamdeo Agrawal, joint MD, Motilal Oswal Financial Services, who leads the annual study.
PSUs also dominated the array of top-10 wealth destroyers, with MMTC, NTPC, BHEL, SAIL and NMDC losing R1.57 lakh crore among themselves in the last five years. Reliance Communication featured on the list for the fourth consecutive year as did sister company Reliance Power, for the second year running. Utilities and capital goods, real estate and metals & mining led the list of sectors that accounted for substantial wealth erosion in the last five years of the order of R2.05 lakh crore.
Meanwhile, sharing the market outlook, the report highlighted that subject to global factors, Indian benchmarks may grow 50% over the next two years. The market-cap-to-GDP ratio for FY15 is likely to be about 77% and has a potential of 50% upside over the next two years as the m-cap heads towards a parity with the GDP.
“Acceleration in earnings growth is elusive so far, but is a must from FY16 if the current market up-move is to sustain,” noted the study.
Post Comments
More from indianmarkets

Bad news for Narendra Modi government as negative growth looms in farmsIndia manufacturing activity expands to 2-year high as orders surge; PMI at 54.5 in Dec
For the first time since 2009-10, India’s farm sector faces the prospect of a negative growth, which isn’t a great start for the Narendra Modi-led government at the Centre.
The Agriculture Ministry’s latest data on plantings for the ongoing rabi (winter-spring) season shows progressive crop acreage, at 470.74 lakh hectares (lh), to be below the 503.66 lh covered during this time last year.
Farmers have sown less area under wheat (241.91 lh versus 251.32 lh) and also the two other major rabi crops: gram or chana (71.51 versus 85.75) and rapeseed-mustard (61.48 versus 64.54).
The rabi setback comes on top of a not-so-good kharif (summer-autumn) season that saw production declines in most crops, courtesy a poor south-west monsoon. “Going by the current acreages trends, it looks the rabi crop may not make up for the kharif shortfall. In that case, registering a positive growth for agriculture in 2014-15 would be a challenge”, said Ashok Gulati, former chairman, Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices.
But it is farmers, not consumers, who are likely to pay the price this time round. The current drought-like situation notwithstanding, prices in mandis are ruling lower compared to levels a year ago for most crops (see table).
Also, annual consumer food price inflation fell to 3.14 per cent in November, from 5.59 per cent the previous month, as per official numbers released on Friday.
“Farmers are facing a double whammy, from both declining output and prices. The time has come to think more about them than consumers”, noted Gulati.
According to V N Saroja, Chief Executive Officer of Agriwatch, a Delhi-based agri-commodity consultancy firm, the price drops are happening mainly in crops where India is a major producer and exporter. This is the case with rice, wheat, maize, cotton, soybean or sugar.
“The crash in global prices of these crops over the last 7-8 months is getting transmitted to the domestic market. But prices are ruling firm in commodities where we are a large consumer and importer, especially pulses and oilseeds such as rapeseed-mustard. They may even go up as the effects of the drought are felt,” she added.
Atul Chaturvedi, CEO of Adani Wilmar that manufactures the Fortune brand of edible oils, said that a reduced rabi harvest is unlikely to cause any significant food inflation, “when the world is awash in commodities”. Prices may rise only in “niche” products such as rapeseed-mustard or groundnut oil, as against globally-traded and mass-consumed commodities like palm and soybean oil.
The lower rabi plantings are being attributed mainly to the lack of adequate soil moisture. Cumulative rainfall in the northeast monsoon season (which runs from October to December) has so far been 31 per cent below the normal long-period average for this period at an all-India level.
This is over and above the 12.5 per cent deficit during the main southwest monsoon season from June to September.
The impact of weak winter precipitation has been felt the most in Madhya Pradesh, which has recorded a 75 per cent northeast monsoon rainfall deficit. As a result, progressive area sown under wheat in the state is down from 48.89 lh to 41.42 lh this time, while also falling from 32.35 lh to 26.42 lh for chana. The possible withdrawal of a Rs 150 per quintal bonus paid by the state government in 2013-14, in addition to the
Centre’s minimum support price of Rs 1,400, is also seen as a reason for farmers planting less wheat this year.
In 2013-14, India’s wheat production hit an all-time-high of 106.54 million tonnes (mt), with similar records for wheat (95.91 mt), maize (24.35 mt), pulses (19.27 mt), total foodgrains (264.77 mt) and oilseeds (32.88 mt).
The Modi government may not be as lucky in its first year.
Post Comments
More from economy

Brilliant Lyon bowls Australia to epic victoryBrilliant Lyon bowls Australia to epic victory
Now  you can watch YouTube videos offlineNow, you can watch YouTube videos offline
Our Bureau
New feature available on Android, iOS handsets; will bring down data usage
Mumbai, December 11:  
YouTube users can now download videos on mobile devices and store them for 48 hours. To start with, YouTube will make content available from Shemaroo, T-Series, Saregama and Yashraj Films for offline usage.
“Forty per cent of our traffic in India comes from mobile devices … By launching this offline experience, we hope to help people move past the challenges of data connection, speed and cost to enjoy a buffer-free version of YouTube,” said John Harding, Vice-President of Engineering at YouTube. YouTube’s offline feature, which was announced earlier this year by Google alongside the Android One, is ad-supported and available on Android and iOS platforms.
Shemaroo director Jai Maroo said: “With the new functionality, one can download videos when you have a good connection and view it when you want to. Now that downloading and viewing experience can be separated, consumption of videos will go up.”
Only a portion of Google’s online catalogue has been made available offline. YouTube will also partner with other content creators for the offline offering, said Rajan Anandan, Google India Managing Director.
Google acquired YouTube in 2006.
Separately, Anandan said that Google’s India Shopping Festival (GOSF) this year has been glitch free. “This is unlike the experience last year, when there were issues with connectivity," he added.
The GOSF, which is on till December 12, has seen sales of small and medium online retailers surge by up to 10 times.
“Most of the shopping is happening during lunch time and late evening hours. What I am most excited about is that we have seen the emergence of new categories such as housing, said Anandan, adding that Tata Housing has already got 10,000 online registrations for flats in the first day of the online shopping festival.
(This article was published on December 11, 2014)
Related

Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg gives a thumbs-down to the idea of a  dislike  button39
0
San Francisco: Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg wants people to be able to quickly express broader ranges of feelings at the leading online social network, but a "dislike" button doesn't make the cut.
During a question-and-answer session with an audience at the Facebook headquarters in Northern California, available online yesterday, Zuckerberg gave a thumbs-down to the idea of a button to register disdain for posts at the social network.
"That's not something that we think is good for the world," Zuckerberg said, expressing concern that "like" and "dislike" buttons could turn into a voting system to judge posts.
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg wants people to be able to quickly express broader ranges of feelings at the site, but a "dislike" button doesn't make the cut.
#facebook #mark zuckerberg #dislike button
"The thing that I think is very valuable is that there are more sentiments that people want to express."
While Facebook's well-known thumbs-up "like" buttons let people easily show support or enthusiasm for posts, some folks think the sentiment seems off-target for somber subjects such as news of death or other sadness in the lives of friends.
"We are talking about a right way for people to easily express a broader array of emotions," Zuckerberg said, giving examples such as empathy, surprise, or laughter.
No changes along those lines were on the immediate horizon.
"We need to figure out the right way to do it so that it is a force for good and not a force for bad in demeaning the posts that people are putting out there."
Facebook would also risk irking advertisers by giving members a quick way to tag marketing messages with "dislikes," according to analysts.
Zuckerberg noted that Facebook members are free to comment on posts, but can wind up feeling pressured to be witty or insightful.
30

Hinduja buys war-time PM Winston Churchill s...Hinduja group acquires UK's Old War Office building
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 02.31PM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(The landmark building at…)
LONDON: The Hinduja Group, in partnership with a Spanish industrial company, has acquired UK's iconic Old War Office building that was once occupied by Britain's war-time Prime Minister Winston Churchill .
The heritage building was acquired by the Hinduja Group, headed by S P Hinduja , Chairman, and G P Hinduja , Co-Chairman, in partnership with Obrascon Huarte Lain Desarrollos (OHLD).
The landmark building at 57 Whitehall in central London will now be restored and re-developed into a five star hotel and residential apartments, and will also feature a series of private function rooms as well as a spa and fitness facility.
Previously inaccessible to the public, a commitment has also been made to grant new access to the building with an outdoor public space also part of the re-development plans.
Britain's Ministry of Defence confirmed that the Hinduja Group, in partnership with OHLD, who's main shareholder is Grupo Villar Mir, has been successful in the acquisition of the Old War Office.
The 580,000 square-feet property was sold on a 250-year lease arrangement to the companies for an undisclosed sum following a competetive marketing process, it said yesterday.
Srichand P Hinduja and Gopichand P Hinduja, on behalf of the company, said, "We will make every efforts to honour the heritage and restoration of this national monument, elevate its status and reconnect it with the public."
"We will forge a new future for the site, creating a vibrant and sustainable destination that retains and enhances the historical importance of the building. We are proud to be playing such a crucial role in this new chapter for the Old War Office," the Hinduja brothers said.
Juan-Miguel Villar-Mir, Chair of the OHLD Group and Grupo Villar Mir, said: "We are very proud to be participating in one of the most important development projects in the world."
"We have a thorough understanding and appreciation of heritage and conservation issues and our commitment now as custodians of this landmark building is to leverage its untapped historical value and potential cultural and social significance," he said.
Once the office of Churchill, the building was constructed in the years between the start of the 20th century and the outbreak of the First World War.
With an almost incalculable contribution to the history and heritage of Whitehall, the Old War Office has been witness to events of utmost importance, most notably the World Wars, with crucial decisions having been taken within its walls, especially significant in this centenary year of remembrance.
As the historical, architectural and social importance of the building cannot be underestimated, both strategic partners will use their considerable experience in the re-development of heritage properties and work closely with English heritage and specially chosen restoration experts to ensure the building is accorded the respect it deserves.
Recent examples of their expertise in this area include the restoration of Carlton House Terrace in London by the Hinduja Group and OHLD's Canalejas project in central Madrid .
The lead investor on this project is the Hinduja Group of Companies, one of the largest diversified business groups in the world with a multi-billion pound turnover, employing over 80,000 people in more than 100 countries.
Their partners Grupo Villar Mir, is one of the largest privately owned Spanish industrial groups, with a major international presence and a diversified portfolio of activities.
Co-developer OHLD has unique and significant international experience in the development of the highest category of mixed use real estate projects with heritage and natural preservation sensitivities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

18 J&K seats go to poll in penultimate phase on SundayPress Trust of India | Dec 13, 2014 at  03:06pm IST
Srinagar: Stage is set for the penultimate round of the five-phased polls in Jammu and Kashmir in which the fate of 182 candidates including two chief ministerial aspirants and Speaker of the Assembly will be sealed on Saturday.
Over 14.73 lakh voters including 7.05 lakh females are eligible to exercise their franchise at 1,890 polling stations in four districts of the state Srinagar, Anantnag, Shopian (Kashmir Valley) and Samba (Jammu region).
All eyes will be on the eight constituencies of Srinagar currently being represented by the National Conference (NC) as the voter turnout has generally remained low in the district along with some parts of Anantnag and Shopian.
Over 14.73 lakh voters including 7.05 lakh females are eligible to exercise their franchise at 1,890 polling stations in four districts.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah is contesting from Sonwar Assembly segment of Srinagar after he chose not to contest from his family stronghold of Ganderbal constituency.
Omar was also in fray from Beerwah seat, in central Kashmir's Budgam district, which went to polls in the third phase.
Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) patron and party chief ministerial candidate Mufti Mohammad Sayeed is seeking re-election from Anantnag constituency in south Kashmir.
Depending on the eventual party positions in terms of seats won, either Omar or Sayeed is likely to be the front-runner for the chief minister's post.
Other prominent candidates who are in fray include J&K Assembly Speaker Mubarak Gul, Omar's close confidante Nasir Aslam Wani, Congress ministers Peerzada Mohammad Sayeed and Ghulam Ahmad Mir, and PDP's Abdul Rehman Veeri and Altaf Bukhari.
The campaign in the four districts was by and large peaceful but militants hurled a grenade at a police station in Anantnag town on Thursday, resulting in injuries to three policemen.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Government mulling to legalise arms representatives: Manohar Parrikar22
0
Panaji: Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Saturday said the government is planning to legalise representatives of various foreign arms companies in the country, for speedy purchase of military hardware.
"We will allow company representatives. They will be middlemen. When I say middlemen it doesn't mean commission agents or 'dalals'. He will be a company representative in India," Parrikar said.
The Minister said the company representative can work on a fee basis. "He will be the information provider," he added.
Manohar Parrikar said middlemen can be permitted to charge expenses from parent companies for representing them in the country.
"Several times we require feedback and also someone who can get us information. There are some foreign companies which want to come to India... They can't go on sending their people here," Parrikar said.
He said the concept of legalising middlemen has not been given a final thought.
"I am throwing this idea open, its not a decision. This is loud thinking. Reactions and feedback is invited from public," he said.
The Minister said middlemen can be permitted to charge expenses from parent companies for representing them in the country.
Parrikar had said that a "clear-cut" policy will be unveiled next month on engaging representatives for arms purchases that will also provide for punitive action against firms found involved in kickbacks.
"We should be in a position to have a very clear cut policy by January on representatives and on blacklisting," he had said, promising a raft of measures to ensure transparency and at the same time speeding up such purchases to modernise the armed forces.
Parrikar, who assumed charge of Defence Ministry a month ago, said having representatives with a very clear method of payment and fees was a better solution to the defence forces than delaying the procurement procedures.
India's military procurements have been dogged by long delays and allegations of graft and many defence experts had suggested legalising "agents" for speedy purchase of military hardware.
1

US unhappy over Putin s India trip  no change in Obama s plansDec 13, 2014 at 02:24pm IST
US unhappy over Putin's India trip, no change in Obama's plans
43
0
Washington: The US is unhappy over India doing "business as usual" with Russia, but it will have no effect on President Barack Obama's upcoming visit to India which remains an "important partner."
"No. India remains an important partner," State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki told reporters on Friday when asked whether deals reached during Russian President Vladimir Putin's just concluded visit to India would change Obama's plans.
Obama has been invited by Prime Minister Narendra Modi to be the chief guest at India's Republic Day parade on January 26. He will be the first US President to get that honour and the first one to visit India twice while in office.
Obama will be the first US President to get the honour of being the chief guest at India's Republic Day parade on January 26.
#barack obama #narendra modi #russia #us
"Obviously, our economic relationship is a big part of what we continue to work on," Psaki said while repeating its caution to "allies and partners" that it was not time for doing business with Russian following its intervention in Ukraine.
The US, she said had seen reports about India and Russia signing agreements in oil exploration, infrastructure, defence and nuclear energy including construction of 12 Russia-built nuclear units in India over the next two decades.
"We continue to monitor it, but we haven't looked at all the specifics of the contracts, for obvious reasons," Psaki said. But "We continue to urge all countries not to conduct business as usual with Russia."
Noting that "there are already sanctions in place" imposed on Russia by the US and its Western allies, Psaki said it was not calling for sanctions on other countries.
"In general, though, given the situation, it shouldn't be business as usual," she said.
Asked if the US had spoken to the Indians before Putin's trip that it's not the right time to do business with Russia, Psaki said, "Well, we've been engaged in that discussion."
"I'd remind you India doesn't support the actions of Russia and the actions - their intervention into Ukraine," she said. "They've been pretty outspoken about that as well."
On the presence of Sergey Aksyonov, prime minister of Crimea, the former Ukrainian territory annexed by Russia, in Putin's delegation to India, which too has upset Washington, Psaki said, "I don't have anything new to offer on that."
Asked if the US had confirmed if he was there or not, she said, "There have been a range of reports." But "I don't have any US government confirmation. We're obviously not in on the trip with them."
Asked again if there's any change in Obama's trip to India, the spokesperson said emphatically, "No. No, no."
6

London hit by air traffic control computerfailurePosted: December 13, 2014 3:11 pm
 
The British government has demanded an investigation after a computer failure on December 12 at one of Britain’s two air traffic control centers caused a major disruption of air traffic into and out of London.
The congested airspace over the British capital was closed during the 35-minute shutdown, leading to severe delays and flight cancellations in London and other parts of Europe that officials said would spill over into December 13.
The problem was traced to the computer system at NATS, the troubled U.K.-based air traffic management company, which has experienced a number of operational problems related to computer issues.
British officials seethed over the system meltdown on a busy afternoon on December 12 during the run-up to the holiday season, when travel demand is particularly high.
“Disruption on this scale is simply unacceptable and I have asked NATS for a full explanation of this evening’s incident,” Transport Secretary Patrick McLoughlin said.
NATS said a computer problem at its center in Swanwick, England, had touched off troubles in the system. After it was fixed, NATS said its operations were returning to normal but would not say how long that would take. It said “further information” about the cause would be released when it becomes available.
Problems were particularly acute at London’s Heathrow Airport, Europe’s busiest. Some 66 flights were cancelled there as of 6 p.m. (1 p.m. EST), with more expected, since planes and flight crews were out of position.
British aviation authorities did not ask the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration to hold flights destined for Heathrow on the ground during the shutdown, so there was no impact on departures from the U.S., said FAA spokeswoman Laura Brown.
Planes headed for the U.S., however, were held on the ground, unable to take off safely.
Heathrow officials urged passengers to check the status of their flights before leaving for the airport. Airlines issued the same cautionary advice.
The NATS center at Swanwick has been plagued by problems since it opened in 2002 — six years late and at twice its anticipated cost. Software and reliability issues have caused repeated disruptions since.
A few months after it opened, the BBC cited an unidentified air traffic controller as complaining of “potentially catastrophic” problems at the facility, including erratic radio transmissions. Other controllers cited by the broadcaster said the text on their computer screens was “too tiny to read.”
In 2004, Swanwick was in the news when a computer problem grounded scores of flights across Britain. An even more serious glitch in September 2008 grounded hundreds of flights and affected tens of thousands of travelers.
In December 2013, another computer problem at Swanwick took 12 hours to fix, causing severe delays at the outset of the holiday season.
At the time, NATS chief Richard Deakin called the failure continued…

Payment seat scam still rocks Kerala CPI  senior leader quitspartyWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 13, 2014 3:07 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:08 am
Kerala unit of CPI, the second leading constituent of the Opposition, Left Democratic Front, is still in turmoil over making a Church nominee as its candidate in the last LS elections after taking a huge sum from him. The issue had contributed the usage of “payment seat” in electoral politics in Kerala.
On Saturday, senior CPI leader P Ramachandran Nair quit from the primary membership of the party, saying that he would approach the Lokayukta demanding that senior CPI leaders should be made accused in the ongoing probe into the allegation that party took money to make a person candidate. Nair had been a former district secretary of the party in the state capital and had contested against Congress’ Shashi Tharoor in 2009.
Acting upon a complaint that CPI had taken money from Dr Bennet Abraham to make him LDF candidate in the LS election in Thiruvananthapuram constituency, Lokayukta has initiated a probe in the issue. Lokayukta had earlier rejected CPI claim that the anti-corruption ombudsman did not have the powers to conduct such a probe.
After Abraham, member of Church of South India, was made CPI candidate in Thiruvananthapuram, a section of party leaders had protested. They said the party had allotted Thiruvananthapuram seat to an independent candidate as a payment seat.
When the results were out, Congress’ Shashi Tharoor won from the seat and CPI’s candidate finished third after BJP’s O Rajagopal. The poll outcome forced the CPI to conduct a probe into the unimpressive show of the party’s independent candidate. A party panel probe had found that CPI leaders had taken Rs 1.87 crore from Abraham to make him a candidate.
Following the inquiry, Nair and another senior leader C Divakaran were removed from party state executive and V Sasi as party district secretary. Alleging that he was made a victim of factionalism in the party, Sasi immediately quit the party and joined RSP, now a constituent of the Congress-led United Democratic Front.On Saturday, Nair became the second senior leader to quit from the party over payment seat controversy. Nair told the media that he would approach the Lokayukta demanding that party state secretariat members should be made accused in its probe into the scam. Gunning for party state secretary Pannian Raveendran, Nair said party state secretary cannot run away from the responsibility of the payment seat scam. The probe panel had indicted Raveendran, but he did not reveal that decision to the media, said Nair.
On Saturday, Nair became the second senior leader to quit from the party over payment seat controversy. Nair told the media that he would approach the Lokayukta demanding that party state secretariat members should be made accused in its probe into the scam. Gunning for party state secretary Pannian Raveendran, Nair said party state secretary cannot run away from the responsibility of the payment seat scam. The probe panel had indicted Raveendran, but he did not reveal that decision to the media, said Nair.
The unprecedented practice of taking money from an outsider to allot him candidature has continued…

U.S. Official: Two U.S. soldiers killed in overnight attack in Afghanistanu.s. official: two u.s. soldiers killed in overnight attack in afghanistan
Bengaluru police arrest man behind pro-IS Twitter handleBengaluru police arrest man behind pro-IS Twitter handle
Indonesia Landslide: At Least 11 People Killed  Over 100 MissingIndonesia Landslide: At Least 11 People Killed  Over 100 Missing
TCS Plans to Hike Entry-Level Salary OffersTCS Plans to Hike Entry-Level Salary Offers
India refutes reports about Bodhi tree sapling plantation rowIndia refutes reports about Bodhi tree sapling plantation row
Gold shines on seasonal demand; Silver dullGold shines on seasonal demand; Silver dull
Cape Fear  Actor Nick Nolte Sells Homecape fear  actor nick nolte sells home
Lok Sabha passes Coal Mines BillLok Sabha passes Coal Mines Bill
BS Reporters | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:57 AM IST
Commercial coal mining in India crossed the first hurdle on Friday, with the Lok Sabha clearing changes in law to allow private companies to produce coal, after about four decades of these firms being left out of this segment. But when the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill is introduced in the Rajya Sabha next week, it might face rough weather, as the ruling National Democratic Alliance (NDA) doesn’t have a majority.
Meanwhile, the coal ministry has notified the final rules for conducting e-auctions of the mines, after receiving comments from all stakeholders.
BREAKING IT DOWN
The Coal Mines Bill opens sector for commercial mining
It will also set the ball rolling for re-allocation of 204 cancelled coal blocks through a transparent e-auction process
In first phase, 42 producing and 32 about-to-produce mines will be put up for bidding for end use in power, steel & cement sectors
The bidding process has two-phases — technical & financial
Cap on rates will keep electricity prices in check for mines allotted to the power sector
Bid price and methodology of e-auction will be tabled for Cabinet approval
Sale of RfP will be completed by December 22-24
Govt hopes to conclude e-auction process by March 11
Opposition politicians disclose they will ensure the Bill, which also provides for the fresh auction of 204 coal blocks, is examined clause-by-clause by a select committee of the Rajya Sabha.
The Congress has issued a diktat to its members in the Rajya Sabha to ensure they are present in the House next week, owing to the legislative business on the agenda. “The party is clear this Bill should not be served on a platter to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led government the way the insurance Bill was. There is a practice in the Upper House to pre-examine all Bills that are substantial in nature, before these are debated,” said a Congress leader.
Opposition parties account for about 100 members in the Rajya Sabha, against 59 of the NDA. Opposition to the Bill in its current form will surpass the half-way mark of 122 if Janata Parivar parties, with 30 members, also demand the Bill be referred to a select committee.
In the Lok Sabha, the Congress, the Trinamool Congress, the Biju Janata Dal and the Left parties demanded the Bill be referred to a standing committee. However, it was passed by voice vote.
While maintaining the Bill would not denationalise the coal sector, Coal Minister Piyush Goyal claimed the amendments would ensure transparency. He said his government was trying to repair the damage caused under the United Progressive Alliance government, when coal blocks were “given free”.
Besides, the government would ensure power rates didn’t increase, he added. “The power sector is a regulated one. Reverse bidding auction will happen...Prices will fall.”
The government could, however, face problems from Coal India workers, at a time when it asking the company to meet a one-billion-tonne annual production target in five years. A Left party-supported trade union has decided to go on strike on January 13.
“The government has exploited the Supreme Court’s verdict to denationalise coal. We have already launched protest demonstrations against this,” said Jibon Roy, general secretary of the Centre of Indian Trade Unions-led All-India Coal Workers Federation. Three other unions --- the Congress-backed Indian National Mine Workers Federation, the Hind Khadan Mazdoor Federation and the coal workers’ union of the Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh, are yet to clarify their stand on the matter.
Opening the discussion on the Bill on Friday, Congress MP Jyotiraditya Scindia faulted the proposed legislation on several counts. He said the proposed amendments weren’t required to auction the 74 coal blocks under schedule-II and schedule-III.
The changes proposed are removal of the end-user requirement and allowing the central and state governments to form joint ventures and get the blocks allotted. “Now, both were the reasons for which the Supreme Court cancelled the allotment of the blocks. It makes a mockery of the Supreme Court order. In effect, this Bill seeks not only to auction these coal mines, but also to amend the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Amendment Act, 1976, and the MMDR Act, 1957, without a full-fledged debate on the floor of this House.”
He said if the government intended to auction the 74 blocks, it didn’t need the amendments in the two Acts. “Therefore, I would urge this government if you are thinking of privatisation of the coal area and want to create commercial gains and private profiteering in this sector, that will not be in national interest in the long term.” He added the government was wasting an opportunity to recast the sector.
On September 24, the Supreme Court had said the allotment of coal blocks between 1993 and 2010 was illegal, which forced the government to bring in an ordinance in October. The Bill replaces the ordinance and seeks to allow commercial mining in the country, apart from re-allocating the 72 cancelled operational coal mines for end-usage to the power, steel and cement sectors by February next year.
Enabling provisions for commercial mining are being added in the Coal Mines (Nationalisation), or CMN, Act, 1973, and the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957. Section 3A is being inserted in the CMN Act to enable joint ventures to be formed by the central and state governments and their companies with any company for mining operations in India “in any form, either for own consumption, sale or any other purpose”, in accordance with the licence granted by the state government.
All companies can bid for the 132 mines under schedule-I, which are yet to be explored. Bidding for mines in the second and third categories (mines already producing and about to begin production, respectively) will be open to companies engaged in specified end-uses of the power, cement and steel sectors.

Champions of peace Malala Yousafzai  Kailash Satyarthi receive Nobel PrizeArchive
Champions of peace Malala Yousafzai, Kailash Satyarthi receive Nobel Prize
Nobel Peace Prize winners Malala Yousafzai from Pakistan, center left, and Kailash Satyarthi of India arrive for the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony in Oslo, Norway, Wednesday, Dec. 10, 2014.  The Nobel Peace Prize is being shared between Malala Yousafzai, the 17-year-old Taliban attack survivor, and the youngest Nobel Prize winner ever, and Indian children's rights activist Kailash Satyarthi in a ceremony in Oslo. (AP/PTI)

Spanish exodus turns countryside to desertA Spanish exodus to the cities leaves a desert in its wake
Tobias Buck in Motos
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09fde45a-8053-11e4-9907-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CIA report caps Feinsteins steely careerCIA report caps steely career for Feinstein
Megan Murphy in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/140cdd02-81b1-11e4-a493-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Can oil test $40 a barrel | Markets tumble on crude plungeYou are here: Home > Collections > India
With $60 for oil, $40 seems a likely possibility. Here's what it means for India
ET Bureau Dec 13, 2014, 12.14PM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
The price of crude has plummeted to $60 a barrel, which should be good news for everyone except oil producers, right? Well, yes and no. Here's a look at what the oil slide means for India—both the good and the bad:
FEATURED ARTICLES

Looking for a 70 to 80-point downside in Nifty: Sandeep WagleFounder & CEO
(The front liners are looking…)
In a chat with ET Now, Sandeep Wagle , Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth , shares his views on the market and some stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: Do you see more weakness in the markets on Monday?
Sandeep Wagle: Absolutely. We will see more weakness on Monday and I do not see a bounce back of more than 30-35 points, which is around 8,250-8,260. The Nifty closed at 8,225 on Friday. I would be surprised if that happens and on the downside, I would first talk of a level of 8,150. So I am looking at a very clear 70 to 80-point downside and we can probably see some consolidation around those levels. The Nifty is likely to spend some more time there.
ET Now: What is the way forward for blue chip IT majors?
Sandeep Wagle: The front liners are looking weaker than the midcaps and specifically TCS and HCL Tech. In fact, I would say HCL Tech and TCS are far more weaker. I would talk of 3% to 4% trading downside in both of them and I do not see them going up by more than 1-1.5%.
ET Now: What would you do with trades on any of the large oil names?
Sandeep Wagle: We had a sell in Reliance in the last half-an-hour of trade on Friday. So that talks of my view. GAIL has already cracked and Cairn has also had a crack. In GAIL, we had a sell two or three days back. Cairn was a sell on Friday morning and Reliance on any bounce back, even at the current levels of 885 up to 900. One should sell it for a 7%, 8%, 10% downside from those levels. So I would talk of 800 or near 800 levels in Reliance, given a little more time of not maybe a day or two, but probably a week or two.
ET Now: What do you do with SKS Microfinance?
Sandeep Wagle: If you look at the weekly pattern of SKS Microfinance, the move is still intact. But with the volatility that we saw on Friday and the kind of sell off that we saw, even SKS was not spared. At lower levels, in the range of 370-360, it still is a good buy. I do not see that stock break 350 and on the upside I would first talk of the 415-450 target, which I have been maintaining. In case the Nifty is falling down one way, this stock may move sideways, but I certainly would agree that this is one of the stronger stocks.
ET Now: What about your ideas for the week?
Sandeep Wagle: I am a little bearish. I am looking at 8,150 levels. Probably Reliance will lead the fall. As a trader, I would like to go short. I would have a sell in Reliance Industries - with a stop loss of 920, target of 825. The second call is a sell in HDIL, which is maintaining its downside. This is one of the weakest stocks. So in such a market this stock should do well on the downside. Stop loss of 72.50, target of 60.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BMW India to increase car prices from January 2015BMW India to increase car prices from January 2015
Saradha scam action: BJP says Mamata is pressing panic buttonWest Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee
New Delhi, Dec 13:  
BJP today slammed West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee for her “political vendetta” charge over action in Saradha scam, saying she is pressing the “panic button” and “rattled” by the possibility that her “own involvement” could come to light.
“Dare does not matter. Sometimes I can say these are politically motivated attempts...If anything which is linking Mamata Banerjee with the scam, she would be investigated and interrogated by the CBI. It is for CBI to take that call and not for me to direct the CBI.
“And it will be determined on the fact of the case and investigating material, which is before the police. I am no one to direct CBI, nor is the BJP. CBI is an autonomous institution,” BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi told reporters outside Parliament.
She said that if Banerjee has done anything wrong or committed any wrong in terms of conspiracy which has happened or if any link is found connecting her with Saradha scam “her dare will go away” a because the police then take its course.
Another party spokesperson G V L Narsimha Rao attacked Banerjee, saying she has “lost all her courage” and making this kind of “adventurous comments” without offering explanation for the kind of “criminal conspiracy that her party leaders were engaged in perpetrating” in the chit fund scam.
“She is possibly rattled by the revelations and possibly fears that her own involvement in the scam would come to light,” he said.
BJP national secretary Sidharth Nath Singh took on the Trinamool Congress chief, saying that it is unfortunate that rather than giving a sober advice to her own leadership not to react, she herself is reacting like this. “This just goes to show her panic button,” he said.
Singh also reminded that it was not the BJP government but the Supreme Court, which had ordered an inquiry into it in May 2014.
In an embarrassment to the ruling Trinamool Congress, West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra was yesterday arrested by CBI in the multi-crore Saradha scam, prompting Mamata to slam BJP calling it a “political vendetta” and a “dirty conspiracy”.
Banerjee also condemned the arrest as “illegal and unconstitutional” and said it is a “dangerous” step to destroy democratic institutions.
The sharp attack by the TMC supremo, who also dared Prime Minister Narendra Modi to arrest her, came even as the BJP demanded her resignation taking moral responsibility after the fresh CBI action in the scam.
Narsimhan, however, said that Banerjee is not offering any reason “why they should not be arrested, when they have actually cheated“.
“They are partners with Saradha chit fund promoters in causing grievous loss to millions of people of West Bengal. I think the criminality involved in these cases is extremely serious.
“Rather than giving explanation for such involvement, rather than taking action against her own party members and people who actually colluded with the scamsters, she is only indulging in political rhetoric and political propaganda,” he said.
The BJP spokesperson maintained that the Trinamool Congress and Banerjee must realise that having power in the state and being elected to the office does not give one a “license to indulge in corruption“.
“You cannot really talk about political vendetta and get away. Please give all the necessary explanation. Giving all this kind of talk is not going to really lead Banerjee anywhere,” he insisted.
BJP national secretary Singh said that it was under the direction of the Supreme Court that the CBI inquiry is going on and that the accusations of the chitfund scam did not come from the BJP but from leaders of Trinamool like Kunal Ghosh.
“One should ask Banerjee that you were the Chief Minister, when the scam happened under your nose, your own government was there. Why did you not stop it at the first place.
“Then you got the second chance when the scam came out in open. You did not want to investigate because your very close associates like...were involved into the scam. You did not even act against them,” he said.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Syria: Islamic State beheads four men for blasphemy says Syrian ObservatoryBy: Reuters | Beirut |
Posted: December 13, 2014 2:30 pm
Islamic State’s self-declared police force in western Syria decapitated four men after accusing them of blasphemy, a rights group monitoring the Syrian conflict said on Saturday.
The men were beheaded in the countryside east of the city of Homs by the militant group’s “Islamic Police”, the British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
The Observatory, which monitors the conflict using sources on the ground, reported a similar killing on Tuesday, when Islamic State beheaded a man in a town square in the north of the country.
Residents and activists say Islamic State has beheaded and stoned to death many people in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq for actions they see as violating their reading of Islamic law, such as adultery, homosexuality, stealing and blasphemy.
They have also killed rival fighters by similar methods off the battlefield and have set up patrols to police public behaviour in their bid to establish a caliphate.
The Observatory also reported on Saturday that Islamic State had stoned a man and a woman to death for adultery in Manbij town in northern Syria after Friday prayers.
The group, which is the target of U.S.-led air strikes in both countries, has also killed a smaller number of foreign captives. The Observatory said last month that Islamic State had killed 1,432 Syrians off the battlefield since the end of June when it declared a caliphate in the territory under its control.

ISIS Twitter account handler Mehdi Masroor Biswas confessesISIS Twitter account handler Mehdi Masroor Biswas confesses
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 02.44PM IST
Tags:
@ShamiWitness
(Mehdi "confessed" he was…)
BENGALURU: In a major breakthrough, the alleged handler of the most influential pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account was arrested from an apartment here in the early hours today.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas has "confessed" he was handling the pro-jihad tweeter "@ShamiWitness" and he was particularly close to English-speaking ISIS terrorists, Karnataka DGP L Pachau told reporters here.
An engineer working as "manufacturing executive" with a Bengaluru-based multinational company for an annual package of Rs 5.3 lakh, he became "a source of incitement and information" for the new ISIS recruits, Pachau said.
Biswas, hailing from West Bengal, had admitted to operating "@ShamiWitness" twitter account for the last many years, he said, announcing the breakthrough along with Bengaluru Police Commissioner M N Reddi.
Cases had been registered against Mehdi under various provisions of IPC, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act, Reddi said.
Pachau said Mehdi had more than 17,000 followers on Twitter and used to "ferociously" tweet by aggregating information and closely watching developments of the region.
The Bengaluru Police had launched a manhunt for Mehdi after Britain's Channel 4 News had aired the report regarding the country's IT capital's link with the Twitter account that is followed by foreign jihadis.
Channel 4 News had said its investigation had revealed that the man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive in Bangalore working for an Indian conglomerate.
Mehdi was interested in the Levantine region, also known as Eastern Mediterranean, consisting of Cyprus, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria and part of Southern Turkey from 2003 onwards, Pachau said.
He used to work in the office during daytime and became active on the Internet at nights, he said, adding, he had bought 60 GB Internet connection on monthly basis to read all breaking news on websites relating to ISIS/ISL.
Pachau said through his social media propaganda, Mehdi abetted ISIL in its agenda to wage war against Asiatic powers.
Mehdi was careful in hiding his true identity and was confident that it would never get revealed, the state police chief said. "His identity was exposed by Channel 4 and inputs were passed on to the Indian agencies."
His parents live in West Bengal and he has two elder sisters, Pachau said. His father is a retired employee of the West Bengal State Electricity Board.
The British news broadcaster had not revealed Mehdi's full name as he said his life would be in danger. The account was shut down after the report surfaced.
  In its report, 'Channel 4' yesterday said the man operating the account had been able to remain anonymous "until now" and avoiding questions about his role in the Islamic State's propaganda war.
Channel 4 News had said its investigation had, however, revealed that the man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive with an Indian conglomerate in Bengaluru.
"His tweets, written under the name Shami Witness, were seen two million times each month, making him perhaps the most influential Islamic State Twitter account, with over 17,700 followers," it said.
On the basis of "credible intelligence inputs" received by Bengaluru city police about the presence of ISIS Twitter Ideologue @ShamWitness in the city, a special team was formed, Pachau said.
The team was working with help from Internal Security division of Karnataka and arrested the 24-year Mehdi from his one-room rented apartment, he said.
In a brief interview to Channel 4 "Mehdi" had said, "I haven't done anything wrong. I haven't harmed anybody. I haven't broken any law...I haven't raised any war or any violence against the public of India. I haven't waged war against any allies of India."
"....I want to state clearly that I won't resist arrest when the time comes. I don't have any sort of weapons with me," he had said in the two minute 12 second interview which ends abruptly.
The report had quoted the Twitter account operator as saying that he had not joined IS jihadist ranks in Iraq and Syria because his family was financially dependent on him.
The Shami Witness tweets contained jihadist propaganda as well as information for would-be recruits and messages praising fighters who have been killed as martyrs.
The IS militant group has made extensive use of social media for propaganda and recruitment, as well as for disseminating gory execution videos.
This is not the first time that Karnataka has been linked with global terror.
In 2007, London-based Kafeel Ahmed, a doctorate engineering student from the city, drove an explosive laden truck into Glasgow International Airport and died of injuries he received in the attack.
Riaz and Iqbal, brothers from the coastal town of Bhatkal in Karnataka, founded Indian Mujahidden which is blamed for about 21 terror attacks across the country with both remaining elusive.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Islamic State group shoots down IraqihelicopterPosted: December 13, 2014 3:35 pm
 
Islamic State group militants shot down an Iraqi military helicopter on Saturday, officials said, killing the two pilots onboard and raising fresh concerns about the extremists’ ability to attack aircraft amid ongoing US-led coalition airstrikes.
The attack happened in the Shiite holy city of Samarra, about 95 kilometers (60 miles) north of Baghdad. A senior Defense Ministry official informed that the Sunni militants used a shoulder-fired rocket launcher to shoot down the EC635 helicopter on the outskirts of the city. An army official corroborated the information. Both spoke on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to speak to journalists.
The EC635, built by Airbus Helicopters, is used for transport, surveillance and combat.
The militants shot down at least two other Iraqi military helicopters near the city of Beiji in October. Some fear the militants may have captured ground-to-air missiles capable of shooting down airplanes when they overran Iraqi and Syrian army bases this summer.
European airlines including Virgin Atlantic, KLM and Air France, US carrier Delta Air Lines and Dubai-based Emirates changed their commercial flight plans over the summer to avoid Iraqi airspace. The US-trained Iraqi military virtually collapsed in the face of the militants’ blitz, shedding their uniforms and abandoning sophisticated weapons near the northern city of Mosul.
The Islamic State group holds about a third of Iraq and neighboring Syria in its self-styled caliphate.

India  China support trilateral withUSBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 3:34 pm
India and China today supported the idea of a trilateral dialogue involving them and the US to deal with major global challenges and ensure better mutual ties.
“I agree with the proposal to launch a trilateral talk between China, the US and India. I think it is a good idea. China is open to any dialogue if it produces peace and development. I think it is a very positive idea,” Chinese Ambassador Le Yucheng said.
He was replying to a question at an interactive session at the conference on “Shaping the 21st Century: India, the US and China” organised by Bengaluru-based media group Deccan Herald.
Minister of State for External Affairs V K Singh also supported the idea, saying such a proposal will enhance cooperation between the three countries which have strong ties bilaterally with each other.
The idea for such a dialogue was mooted by former Union Minister Jairam Ramesh while addressing the conference.
Editor of Deccan Herald K N Tilak Kumar said the world on December 13 was witnessing a tectonic change with the phenomenal rise of China and the continued prominence of the US.
“Both countries are important to India and each one of the three have high stakes in economic ties with the other two,” Kumar said, adding the kind of three-way relationship between them will be important not only to each of them but to the whole world.
The combined contribution of India, US and China to the global GDP is between 40 and 45 per cent and their population is estimated at 40 per cent of the world.
Singh and Le also agreed that the boundary question should be resolved mutually and peace and tranquility at the border should be maintained.
Listing the commonalities and shared interests, Singh said if “you have a trilateral dialogue, I think it will only further the type of interests (we are) seeking.”
In his address, the Chinese ambassador said he was “very optimistic” about the “future” between India and China and underlined the need for ensuring peace on the border before reaching a final solution.

Bengaluru executive operates ISIS s most Twitter handleYou are here: Home > Collections > Nia
Executive from Bengaluru operates ISIS's most successful Twitter handle, @ShamiWitness
OUR POLITICAL BUREAU Dec 13, 2014, 03.05AM IST
Tags:
Assad
(He had been encouraging…)
NEW DELHII/BENGALURU: The global war against Islamic State moved closer home after Indian security agencies launched a manhunt to trace a man based in Bengaluru, who a UK-based television channel reported was behind a twitter handle popular among IS fighters.
The National Investigation Agency is looking into claims made by Channel 4, and a top security official told ET that an Indian youth arrested earlier for fighting with IS in Iraq confessed that the Twitter handle @ShamiWitness was operating from Bengaluru. A Channel 4 update later quoted the man behind @ShamiWitness as saying that he "doesn't know what to do" after reports that cops were after his trail.
"The matter has been given to the NIA and it is in touch with the Bengaluru Police. Our high commission in UK has also been asked to contact the UK government for more details," a senior home ministry official told ET.
The official added that Arif Majid - the Mumbai youth who returned to India after fighting for IS - had mentioned about the Twitter handle during his interrogation. Majeed, now in NIA custody, had told officials that the man behind @ShamiWitness works in Bengaluru and that he too was inspired by its tweets. "We had been trying to zero in on the person based on Majid's disclosures before Channel 4 exposed the same," the ministry official claimed.
A Facebook account, reportedly belonging to the same person, has a full name - Mehdi Masroor Biswas -which a few websites have put out as the original identity behind @ShamiWitness. The city's cyber cell has, so far, not able to trace the alleged operative by the IP address.
A Bengaluru Police source, however, said the Facebook account of Biswas, which has been closed now, was not registered from the city, but declined to say from which other city the registration was done.
The Bengaluru City Crime Branch is looking into the case but neither state nor the city police seem to have had any inkling that a person from the city was operating a twitter account with 17,700 followers and two million views a day. Additional director-general of police (law and order) Amar Kumar Pande told ET: "We also got to know of him only through media reports."
Channel 4 in its sensational revelation said that it has chosen not to reveal his full name as he says his life would be in danger if his true identity was made public. The report quoted Mehdi as saying that he would have gone to join Islamic State himself, but his family was financially dependent on him: "If I had a chance to leave everything and join them I might have.. my family needs me here," he was quoted as saying.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RBI Governor Cautions On  Make In India  CampaignRBI Governor Cautions On  Make In India  Campaign
Oil India signs contract for two oil blocks in MyanmarOil India signs contract for two oil blocks in Myanmar
Renault to launch two new models in India next yearRenault to launch two new models in India next year
Pakistan doctor Shakil Afridi linked with CIA under severe lifethreatBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad |
Posted: December 13, 2014 3:59 pm
A Pakistani doctor, who was sentenced to 33 years in jail for helping CIA track down former al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden in 2011, may be rescued or killed in a “covert or overt operation”, officials have warned.
In a letter to federal authorities, the Khyber-Pakhtunkhawa government has warned of a severe life threat to Dr Shakil Afridi, lodged in the Central Prison in the provincial capital Peshawar.
The 50-year-old physician, who worked with the CIA on a fake vaccination operation to confirm the location of bin Laden in the garrison city of Abbottobad, has been jailed for 33 years. In March, Afridi’s sentence was reduced by a decade to 23 years.
The Express Tribune reported that the letter written by provincial Home Secretary has conveyed the threat to the province’s Chief Minister, Inspector General of Police, Ministries of Defence, Interior, states and frontier region and Chief Secretary of Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata).
“Focus of all the international media and superpowers is on him [Afridi] due to his suspicious role in Osama operation- plans to either kill him by his adversaries or his supporters [or] to rescue him through overt or covert operations have been hatched,” reads the letter.
It asked the federal government to shift Afridi to Punjab’s Attock Jail or to any other prison held by Pakistan Army and other forces. The letter claimed that militants have planned to carry out a vehicle-borne attack on this prison.
“His [Afridi] further presence in the K-P prison has not only endangered other prisoners’ and staffs’ lives but also put at risk the adjoining police lines, session courts and civil secretariat,” the letter said, adding that “his further confinement in any prison cell of the K-P may be catastrophic.”
The provincial government has argued that Afridi has been jailed for offences occurred in Fata as such his confinement is the responsibility of the ministry of the frontier region.
Ijaz Mohmand, a key member of Afridi’s legal team, told the daily that he agreed that his client’s life is in danger.
Afridi was arrested for running a fake vaccination campaign to confirm the presence of bin Laden before the former Qaeda chief was killed in a covert operation in 2011.

PMs Mann Ki Baat programme on December 14 to focus on drugmenaceBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 3:54 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:29 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will talk about the menace of drug abuse on December 14 in his monthly ‘Mann Ki Baat’ programme on radio.
On Sunday at 11 AM I look forward to sharing my thoughts during the #MannKiBaat radio programme. http://t.co/c0scpTbw3u
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 13, 2014
As I said during the last programme, this time I would talk about the menace of drugs.   http://t.co/vXwpGYVeWJ #MannKiBaat
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 13, 2014
In his second ‘Mann Ki Baat’ programme on November 2, Modi had said that some people had written to him about the drug menace. He had then asked people to share their views and suggestions on the issue.
Several people shared ideas, comments & insights on the topic which have been both eye-opening & helpful. My thanks to them for contributing
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 13, 2014
The Prime Minister has said he will share his thoughts with the countrymen over radio every month through the ‘Mann Ki Baat’ programme.

Lima talks: New draft text introduced without consultationclimate change
The latest draft text is a watered down version of the earlier seven-page one and once again the national contributions of countries is mitigation-centric.
After objections to a new draft text released late on Thursday, the day dragged on with little progress till early Saturday when another revised five-page draft was introduced without any consultation by the President of the Conference of Parties, Manuel Pulgar Vidal .
The informal meeting of the Ad Hoc Working Group on the Durban Platform for Enhanced Action was convened early Saturday by Mr. Vidal who, while introducing the five-page latest draft, apologised for the lack of transparency in the process. This text is not completely perfect but it will be a reflection on a common ground, he said, adding that hopefully countries can build on it together.
The latest draft text released around 2.30 a.m., is a watered down version of the earlier seven page one and once again the national contributions of countries is mitigation centric.
Developing countries have been opposing the mitigation centric approach of the developed countries which are not ready to commit to financial targets or technology transfer. There is no reference to loss and damage, the finance portion is weaker than the earlier draft and there is no equity.
Countries can consider including their adaptation goals in the Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDC)s . There is a provision for assessment of the targets set by countries. However, there is no reference to common but differentiated responsibility and no mention of long-term finance commitments from the developed countries.
This is a text which few would endorse at first glance, and countries protested that they were not consulted and a text which they had not seen was introduced. As a result, the like-minded developing countries, the Group of 77 plus China, the African Group, and the least developed countries all demanded for time to see the text before heading into the plenary session.
Late on Thursday, the seven page draft text was attacked for its low level of ambition and a thin reference to financial commitments of developed countries, and the whole of Friday passed in smaller meetings and attempts to resolve the impasse.
Mr Vidal called a stock taking plenary in the afternoon and said the Minsters of Norway and Singapore were working with parties to come to some common agreement on the text. However, Mr Vidal said more time was needed for the two Ministers to complete their meetings and reconvened the informal meeting at 1 a.m. but it began much later.
Mr Vidal was also consulting with the Ministers and parties till late night. There were some pending issues with finance,which the South African Minster and the UK Minister were tasked with sorting out. Two issues they would deal with, Mr. Vidal said, were long term climate issue, and the Green Climate Fund (GCF). Thursday's draft was slammed by NGOswho were disappointed with its contents. There was no equitable framework in the draft for burden sharing and the text reflected the deep political divisions of parties. The issue of differentiation was not addressed, said Raman Mehta, of Vasudha Foundation.
Alix Mazounie, RAC France Climate Action Network said the good news on the earlier seven page draft was that governments will support developing countries, but what is needed is a year on year quantification of financial contributions. There is the issue if the pre 2020 finance as well. Alden Meyer, Union of Concerned Scientists , said some important pieces in the earlier text were missing including economy wise targets for developed countries. The information on the Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDC) , and assessment of INDCs, were key issues, he said. The question to ask is does this text provide a momentum for Paris next year.
Meena Raman of Third World Network said the earlier 60 page text was produced in a transparent process and now there is a new one. you cant paper over differences this way, she pointed out. The least developed countries said they cannot accept a text without a finance target. Ms Raman said the text was not fair, ambitious or equitable.

Global cues  status quo on reforms rattle Indian marketsGlobal cues  status quo on reforms rattle Indian markets
Mehdi  was Close to ISIS Terrorists: Benguluru PoliceMehdi  was Close to ISIS Terrorists: Benguluru Police
17 killed in Indonesia landslides17 killed in Indonesia landslides
TCS may ask non-performers to leaveTCs may ask non-performers to leave
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 16:31 IST
IT firm Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) is gearing up to undertake a significant performance-related restructuring of its workforce, which may also lead to some  non-performers being asked to leave the company.
Most affected by the restructuring drive could be middle-to-senior level positions, sources said, while adding that some employees may be offered positions at vendors working with TCS .
Ajoy Mukherjee , executive vice-president and global head (human resources) told business news daily The Economic Times that he does not have a target in mind. This is a year-long process. It is not new.
TCS is a performer company and tries to help non-performers do well. In case the firm feels that a particular position is not suitable for them and they can flourish in other areas, they are asked to leave so they can do better, Mukherjee told the newspaper.
The country's largest software exporter with over $13-billion annual turnover employs over 3 lakh people across 46 countries.
Sources said that the restructuring exercise could affect both onsite and offsite positions across various verticals, even as the company said it is on track to meet hiring target of 55,000 professionals this fiscal.
 

TCS Says on Track to Exceed 55 000 Hiring Target for FY15You are here: Home Corporates
TCS Says on Track to Exceed 55,000 Hiring Target for FY15
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 12, 2014 19:49 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
Bengaluru: IT giant Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) on Friday said it is undertaking a performance-based workforce restructuring, but it is not a "retrenchment" exercise and the company may exceed its target of hiring 55,000 new professionals this fiscal year.
Without giving any specific numbers for employees to be affected by this "continuous" restructuring process, the HR head of the country's largest software exporter also said that "it is not that everyone being relieved is a bad performer".
"It is not a special process. It is a continuous process," TCS EVP and head-global HR Ajoyendra Mukherjee told reporters here.
His comments follow reports about TCS undertaking a significant performance-related restructuring of its workforce, which may also lead to some employees being asked to leave the company.
Downplaying it as a "regular exercise", Mr Mukherjee also said that the company was on track to meet its gross hiring target of 55,000 employees in the current fiscal year ending March 31, 2015, and may even exceed it.
"This (restructuring) is nothing new what we are doing. This is something that goes on throughout the year. We are a performance-oriented organisation, we continue to look at the performance of each and every individual...we do have appraisal process, we measure how people are doing," he said.
"As we say, we are an organisation where we would like people to come in and make a career and continue to grow, but while doing that there are some business needs and there are people's aspirations, both have to match to a certain extent."
Mr Mukherjee said there are different kinds of challenges that may lead to involuntary attrition.
"Some of you may ask, what is the kind of target that I have for this? My answer is I don't have a target, it is not a target driven exercise because if it was that - then it would be more of a retrenchment process. I'm not going through that."
About hiring plans, Mr Mukherjee said, "If you look at my hiring target - 55,000 - I'm on track, probably we will be doing more. At this stage I'm not in a position to tell you by how much, but we will definitely exceed that target".
He said that the company has a campus offer target of 35,000 people and it has already made over 31,000 offers and more than 3000 offers would be made during the fiscal year.
"It (restructuring) is more of a business need vis-a-vis people's aspiration matching; it goes on throughout the year and it is not that is something happening today," Mr Mukherjee added.
Stating that it is too early to comment on 2016 hiring outlook, he said, "Planning is on at this point in time, by end of February or early March I will announce the number."
At the end of last quarter ended September 30, 2014, TCS had a total headcount of 3,13,757 following a gross employee addition of over 20,000 people.
The company generated consolidated revenues of $13.4 billion for year ended March 31, 2014.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 19:40 (IST)

Saradha scam: CBI arrests West Bengal Minister Madan Mitrainvestigation
Development comes three weeks after the arrest of Trinamool Rajya Sabha MP Srinjoy Bose.
The Central Bureau of Investigation on Friday arrested West Bengal Transport Minister and senior Trinamool Congress leader Madan Mitra for “cheating and misappropriation of funds” in connection with the multicrore Saradha scam. He is the first Minister in the Mamata Banerjee Cabinet to be arrested in the scam.
“Madan Mitra was arrested on prima facie evidence of criminal conspiracy, cheating and misappropriation as well as deriving undue financial benefits from the Saradha group,” a senior CBI official told The Hindu.
The official said the arrest came in connection with a case registered against Saradha Realty, a company with investments in the housing sector. In the same case, the CBI arrested Naresh Bhalotia, legal adviser to Saradha group chief Sudipta Sen, on similar charges.
On Friday, Mr. Mitra appeared at the CBI office in Salt Lake around 11 a.m. He was arrested at around 4 p.m by CBI officers as he allegedly could not answer many questions regarding his association with the Saradha Group.
Other than the allegations of pressuring Saradha chief Sudipta Sen, Mr. Mitra had publicly endorsed the Ponzi scheme company couple of years ago. Mr. Mitra had admitted taking money from the Saradha chief for constructing a temple in his constituency.

Promoters to dilute stake in Hydro S&SUpdated: December 12, 2014 22:48 IST
Promoters to dilute stake in Hydro S&S
Special Correspondent
company information
Kingfa Sci. & Tech. Co. (Kingfa), the promoter of Hydro S & S Industries, proposes to sell five lakh shares representing 7.80 per cent of the equity capital of Hydro S&S. The offer for sale will be through BSE, and is slated to open on December 16.
Promoted by W S Group with technology from Hydro UK in 1987, Hydro S&S is a leading manufacturer and supplier of high quality reinforced polypropylene compounds, thermoplastics elastomers and fibre re-inforced composites.
Hydro S&S operates through its manufacturing units located at Puducherry, Pune and Manesar.
In May 2013, Kingfa acquired controlling stake of 66.50 per cent in Hydro S&S through a share purchase agreement, and also made an open offer to acquire additional 26 per cent the paid-up share capital of the company.

Tata Motors November Global Sales Up 2.37%You are here: Home Corporates
Tata Motors Global Sales Up 2.37% in November
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 12, 2014 22:04 (IST)
New Delhi: Tata Motors on Friday reported a 2.37 per cent increase in global sales, including Jaguar Land Rover, at 83,906 units in November.
The company had sold 81,957 units in the same month last year.
In the passenger vehicles category, global sales last month were at 53,673 units as against 50,703 units in November 2013, up 5.85 per cent, Tata Motors said in a statement.
Sales of luxury brand Jaguar Land Rover increased 3.4 per cent to 41,318 units in November as compared to 39,956 units in the same month last year.
Sales of commercial vehicles declined 3.26 per cent in November to 30,233 units from 31,254 units a year ago.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 22:01 (IST)

Minor  two others murdered teen and ripped apart his body over love affairMinor, two others murdered teen and ripped apart his body over love affair
Mohit Sharma , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 13, 2014
First Published: 00:26 IST(13/12/2014) | Last Updated: 00:28 IST(13/12/2014)
Kuldeep Singh, 18, whose dismembered body was found on Thursday from Bhati Mines, was killed by his three close friends over an alleged love affair, initial probe into the incident has revealed. 
Family members of Kuldeep said the boy had last talked to them on Wednesday night. (HT Photo)
One among the accused is a minor, who has been apprehended, while the two others have been arrested, the police said.
The alleged main accused, a 17-year-old school dropout, planned Kuldeep’s murder after he saw him talking to a girl from the same neighbourhood. The other accused have been identified as Pritam and Krishan, also friends of the victim.
“They were arrested on Thursday night after police sifted through call details of the accused, which showed that the minor had called Kuldeep at about 9pm,” said a police officer.
Police said the accused confessed to their crime and said it was the minor who ripped apart Kuldeep’s body, cutting out his heart and private parts and put them on fire.
Sources said the accused were brought in for questioning at 9pm on Thursday, hours after Kuldeep’s body was found almost 500 metres from his house in a forest area of Bhati Mines.
“After killing Kuldeep, the trio buried his belongings and the murder weapons — a knife and a meat cleaver — in the ground and left his body for animals. The belongings were later recovered at their instance,” said a senior police officer. The juvenile, Pritam and Kuldeep went to the same school and were often spotted hanging out together. “After the juvenile started doing drugs, Kuldeep distanced himself from him,” said Vir Chand, Kuldeep’s father.
Police said Kuldeep’s body was dismembered so brutality that it could be identified only with the help of his tattoo. “His neck was brutally squashed with stones and the police found his disfigured head lying nearby. The boy had his name tattooed on his arm, which helped us in recognising him,” said Vijay Pal, an eyewitness.
While police officials had ruled out robbery as the cause of murder, they had indicated a love triangle and personal vendetta as the motive behind the murder. The DCP (south) Prem Nath, however, could not be reached for his comments despite several attempts.

Malala bursts into tears seeing her blood-stained uniformprint
Nobel Peace Prize winners Kailash Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai watch Malala´s blood stained school uniform at the opening of the Nobel Peace Prize exhibition at the Nobel Peace Center. (AFP Photo)
The sight of blood-spattered school uniform she was wearing the day the Taliban shot her, made Pakistan's teen Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai burst into tears, prompting fellow awardee India's Kailash Satyarthi to comfort her saying "you are so brave".
The blue tunic, white headscarf and white trousers, stained brown by dried blood, are on display at an exhibition dedicated to the 17-year-old education campaigner and her fellow 2014 Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailash Satyarthi, which the activists jointly inaugurated in the Norwegian capital.
As she was touring the exhibition yesterday, the sight of her blood-soaked school uniform, which were displayed in a glass case, made the global teen icon burst into tears, Norwegian news agency NTB reported.
Satyarthi, 60, comforted her with a hug and a kiss on her head. "You are so brave, you are so brave," he told her. Honouring Malala's own wish, the uniform has been made part of the "Nobel Peace Prize exhibition 2014 - Malala and Kailash" at Norway.
This is the first time Malala's uniform is being shown in public.
The uniform has been kept by Malala's family since she was shot in the head by a Taliban gunman in October 2012. The bullet which hit Malala in the head went through her neck and lodged in the muscle above her shoulder blade. After the shooting she was moved to Birmingham in the UK for extensive surgery.
On Wednesday, Malala became the youngest person ever to receive the Nobel Peace Prize.
Malala and Satyarthi were awarded the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize for their struggle against the suppression of children and young people and for the right of all children to education.

Saradha case: TMC to hold protest rally against Madan Mitra s arrestComments
A day after the  arrest of state minister Madan Mitra  over the Saradha scam, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee hit out against Prime Minister Narendra Modi calling it "political vendetta", while the BJP said she was panicking because of her "involvement."
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
"There are photos of the Prime Minister  with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that the CBI arrest the PM?" Mamata said at a protest rally held in the Maidan area. 
She said Trinamool Congress MPs will protest in Parliament against  the arrest of state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra who is also her close aide.Mitra was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for his alleged role in the multi-crore-rupee chit fund scandal. 
"Stay within your limits or face music," she warned the BJP and the Centre and added "People of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power."
Responding to her charges, the BJP in Delhi said Banerjee is pressing the "panic button" and "rattled" by the possibility that her "own
involvement" could come to light.
 
"Dare does not matter. Sometimes I can say these are politically motivated attempts...If anything which is linking
Mamata Banerjee with the scam, she would be investigated and interrogated by the CBI. It is for CBI to take that call and
not for me to direct the CBI,"BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi told reporters outside Parliament
 
"And it will be determined on the fact of the case and investigating material, which is before the police. I am no one to direct CBI, nor is the BJP. CBI is an autonomous institution," she added.
 
Lekhi said that if Banerjee has done anything wrong or committed any wrong in terms of conspiracy which has happened or if any link is found connecting her with Saradha scam "her dare will go away" because the law would then take its course.
Another party spokesperson G V L Narsimha Rao attacked Banerjee, saying she has "lost all her courage" and was making "adventurous comments" without offering an explanation on the alleged role of her party leaders.
"She is possibly rattled by the revelations and possibly fears that her own involvement in the scam would come to light," he said.
Opposition parties in West Bengal have repeatedly accused the chief minister of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
Meanwhile, West Bengal minister Madan Mitra was sent to CBI custody till Dec 16 by a Kolkata court
Rejecting the bail plea moved by Mitra's lawyers, the chief judicial magistrate's court sent him to four days' custody in connection with the ponzi scandal.
 The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case. 

AAP opposes govt move to pay Reliance Infrastructure for exiting Metro projectCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
The Aam Aadmi Party today said it will strongly oppose the Centre’s move to pay a subsidiary of the Reliance Infrastructure to the tune of Rs 1,800 crore for exiting from the crucial Delhi airport Metro project.
AAP said the Centre should not take any decision which has financial implications for the Delhi government, which has a stake in DMRC, in the absence of an elected government in the national capital.
The party said the Attorney General has advised the government to pay Rs 1,800 crore to the company for terminating the contract of Delhi airport Metro with the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).
Delhi’s then Transport Minister Saurabh Bhardwaj noted that since the matter is in arbitration and also that this company exited the agreement purely on financial considerations, therefore the state government was opposed to any payment to this company for exiting the agreement.
“In January this year, when the AAP government was there in Delhi, it received a letter from the then urban development minister Kamal Nath seeking views of the state government on why this payment should not be made to Reliance Infra subsidiary under the terms of condition of the contract, since it had terminated the same?
“Arvind Kejriwal endorsed the view in his capacity as chief minister and the UPA government did not proceed with its plan,” Bharadwaj said.
The party said it will also take to legal remedies, since DMRC cannot be “armtwisted” to pay such a huge amount of money.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Rs 4479 cr in Indians  HSBC-list a/cs: SIT on black moneyDec 13, 2014, 12.30 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Rs 4479 cr in Indians' HSBC-list a/cs: SIT on black money
The tax department and other agencies including Enforcement Directorate are probing cases involving unaccounted wealth totalling Rs 14,957.95 crore within India.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rs 4479 cr in Indians' HSBC-list a/cs: SIT on black money
The tax department and other agencies including Enforcement Directorate are probing cases involving unaccounted wealth totalling Rs 14,957.95 crore within India.
Post your opinion here
 
In first major disclosure about money held in Swiss banks, government on Friday said Rs 4,479 crore is held in the accounts owned by Indians, who figured on the HSBC List, and the Income Tax Department has initiated action against 79 of such account holders.
Besides, the tax department and other agencies including Enforcement Directorate are probing cases involving unaccounted wealth totalling Rs 14,957.95 crore within India. In case of suspected black money abroad, the disclosure relates to a list of 628 Indians, who figured on a list of account holders in HSBC's Geneva branch that India had got from the French government.
Out of these, no balance has been found in case of 289 accounts, according to a report of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money which was submitted to the Supreme Court.
"Out of the 628 persons, 201 are either non-residents or non-traceable, leaving 427 persons cases as actionable cases," an official statement said while releasing "relevant portion of the second report of SIT on black money".
The amount involved in these cases is about Rs 4,479 crore. Of this, the Income Tax Department has finalised assessment for 79 entities involving more than 300 cases. "An amount of Rs 2,926 crore has been brought to tax towards the undisclosed balances in the accounts relating to these persons," the statement said, adding that taxes along with interest at applicable rates have been levied.
"Penalty proceedings under Income Tax Act, 1961 have been initiated in 46 cases. Such penalties have been levied in 3 cases so far. With regard to other assesses, proceedings are pending," it said.
The statement, however, did not disclose the names of the the account holders.
Prosecutions have been initiated in 6 cases for wilful attempts to evade taxes besides show cause notices have been issued in 10 others, it said.
"In other cases, necessary action is being expedited and substantial progress is expected in coming months," it added. Earlier in the day, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said at a function here that proceedings in the cases related to the HSBC list will be completed by March 31, 2015.
While suggesting steps like curbs on cash transportation beyond a level and mandatory quoting of PAN for cash and cheque payments over Rs one lakh, the SIT has flagged off mining, ponzi schemes, iron ore exports, misuse of export- import route as major areas prone to black money transactions.
It also pointed out that 'Angadias', persons carry large amounts of cash while acting as 'money couriers' in Gujarat and Maharashtra especially, were playing a key role in transfer of unaccounted money.
Giving update on various cases, the statement said that Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) has furnished information in 31 cases of iron ore export, of which 11 parties have admitted to undervaluation and paid Rs 116.73 crore.
In other cases, show cause notices have been issued and action will be taken in accordance with law.
Besides, the Directorate of Enforcement is attaching property worth Rs 400 crore and has arrested a person in a case relating to mining in Odisha.
In Karnataka, three attachment orders have been passed for assets worth a total of Rs 995.97 crore. In several cases in Goa and Jharkhand, preliminary scrutiny and investigation is in progress in connection with illegal mining.
The report also pointed out that the ED is facing difficulties in taking coercive action in ponzi chit-fund cases due to a stay order by Kolkata High Court.
In one case in Jharkhand, provisional attachment orders for properties worth Rs 452.43 crore were passed while Rs 884.13 crore worth of assets have been attached in another mining case in Karnataka.
In a similar case in Andhra Pradesh, Rs 1093.10 crore worth assets have been attached.
Giving suggestions to check black money menace, SIT said PAN should be made mandatory in every transaction of over Rs 1 lakh, either by cash or cheque.
Citing examples of European countries, it said that there should be a limit on transportation and holding of cash. Government may consider reasonable threshold which could be Rs 10 lakh or Rs 15 lakh.
"This would control holding of unaccounted money to a large extent. This would also control transfer of unaccounted cash from one destination to other, which at present is rampant, may be Angadias or by other means," it said.
The SIT has also suggested setting up of an institutional mechanism to examine mismatch between export/import data with corresponding data of other countries on a quarterly basis to unearth black money.
Also, the shipping bills should include the international market price of goods and machinery sought to be exported. "This suggestion is under consideration and is likely to be implemented within short time," the statement said. The SIT also suggested that the tax evasion of Rs 50 lakh or more be made a 'predicate offence' so that action can be taken under Prevention of Money Laundering Act.
In case it is found that an individual or entity owns a property abroad in violation of the law, a provision should be made in the FEMA to provide for seizure and confiscation of property of equivalent value within the country.
Also, there should be a dynamic interaction between different stakeholders like reporting entities, Financial Intelligence Unit and law enforcement authorities.
In cases where ED has attached a property and there are income tax dues to be collected, the SIT said that the former should be open to recovering dues from the attached property.
It also suggested setting up of a central KYC registry to weed out use of multiple identities for financial transactions.
SIT said that at least five additional chief judicial magistrates courts should be set up in Mumbai to deal with 5000 pending IT prosecution cases.
RELATED NEWS

Govt mulling to legalise arms representativ...Commission
(The Minister said middlemen…)
PANAJI: Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today said the government is planning to legalise representatives of various foreign arms companies in the country, for speedy purchase of military hardware.
"We will allow company representatives. They will be middlemen. When I say middlemen it doesn't mean commission agents or 'dalals'. He will be a company representative in India," Parrikar told PTI.
The Minister said the company representative can work on a fee basis. "He will be the information provider," he added.
"Several times we require feedback and also someone who can get us information. There are some foreign companies which want to come to India... they can't go on sending their people here," Parrikar said.
He said the concept of legalising middlemen has not been given a final thought.
"I am throwing this idea open , its not a decision. This is loud thinking. Reactions and feedback is invited from public," he said.
The Minister said middlemen can be permitted to charge expenses from parent companies for representing them in the country.
Yesterday, Parrikar had said that a "clear-cut" policy will be unveiled next month on engaging representatives for arms purchases that will also provide for punitive action against firms found involved in kickbacks.
"We should be in a position to have a very clear cut policy by January on representatives and on blacklisting," he had said, promising a raft of measures to ensure transparency and at the same time speeding up such purchases to modernise the armed forces.
Parrikar, who assumed charge of Defence Ministry a month ago, said having representatives with a very clear method of payment and fees was a better solution to the defence forces than delaying the procurement procedures.
FEATURED ARTICLES

French envoy to meet Bengal CM  ministersFrench envoy to meet Bengal CM, ministers
Our Bureau
To confer French honour on four
Kolkata, Dec 13:  
French Ambassador Francois Richier will meet West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, Power Minister Manish Gupta, and Finance & Industry Minister Amit Mitra for possible extension of business links.
On a three-day visit next week, the Ambassador is also scheduled to meet Governor K N Tripathi and confer the French insignia for Knighthood on four personalities of the city at a function on December 17.
According to a French Embassy statement, the Knighthood (Knight of the National Order of Merit) insignia would be conferred on Umesh Chowdhary, Vice-Chairman & MD of Titagarh Wagons, Seagull Books publisher Naveen Kishore, editor and translator Kanchana Mukhyopadhay, and academician Chinmoy Guha.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Xiaomi may face major setback in overseas market: Report24
0
Beijing: An Indian court which restrained the online sale of Xiaomi smartphones in India till February following a patent infringement petition from Ericsson could be a major setback for the Chinese company's "most important overseas market" and its globalisation plans, reports said today.
The sudden ban may weigh on Xiaomi's performance in its most important overseas market and its ambitious globalisation plans, a report in the state-run China Daily quoting industry insiders said.
The Delhi High Court in an interim order on Wednesday restrained Xiaomi as well as online e-commerce site Flipkart from selling in India handsets of the Chinese mobile maker that run on the technology patented by Ericsson. The court also restrained Xiaomi or its agents from making, assembling, importing or offering for sale its devices which are infringing the mobile phone technology patented by Ericsson.
The Delhi High Court in an interim order restrained Xiaomi from selling in India handsets of the Chinese mobile maker that run on the technology patented by Ericsson.
#xiaomi #ericsson #smartphones #android
"India is the top priority for Xiaomi's overseas strategy. It will try everything to maintain its sales operation in the country," James Yan Yan told the Daily adding that the company's Indian shipments could hit "several hundred thousand" units.
Stockholm-based Ericsson told another state-run daily Global Times in an e-mail response that it has taken legal action after over three years of attempts to engage in a licensing negotiation with Xiaomi a number of its products are "infringing our patents."
"It's unfair for Xiaomi to benefit from our substantial R&D investment without paying a reasonable licensee fee for our technology," the world's biggest wireless network equipment maker said, refusing to further detail the ongoing legal process.
Founded only four years ago, Xiaomi launched its first Android-based smartphone in 2011 and started sales in India as it expands business beyond China this year.
The company has reportedly sold over 800,000 smartphones including its popular Mi 3 and low-budget Red Mi 1S in the Indian market since July.
A report by Counterpoint Technology Market Research said in early November that Xiaomi became one of the world's fastest-growing phone brands in India in the third quarter of the year with a 1.5 per cent share of the market.
The overseas expansion has helped Xiaomi jump to No3 in global shipments in the third quarter, following only Samsung and Apple, according to a US market research firm IDC's October report.
"India can be a new wonderland for the Chinese rising star thanks to the large number of price-sensitive consumers, but Ericsson's legal action will generate a setback to Xiaomi's development there," Xu Hao, an industry analyst with Beijing-based market research firm Analysys International told the daily.
Other analysts said that lack of more patents could affect Xiaomi's future growth in overseas markets.
7

18 J&K seats go to the polls in penultimate phase on Sunday18 J&K seats go to the polls in penultimate phase on Sunday
PTI
Tweet
Srinagar, Dec 13:  
The stage is set for the penultimate round of the five-phased polls in Jammu and Kashmir in which the fate of 182 candidates, including two chief ministerial aspirants and Speaker of the Assembly, will be sealed tomorrow.
Over 14.73 lakh voters, including 7.05 lakh females, are eligible to exercise their franchise at 1,890 polling stations in four districts of the state — Srinagar, Anantnag, Shopian (Kashmir Valley) and Samba (Jammu region).
All eyes will be on the eight constituencies of Srinagar — currently being represented by the National Conference (NC) — as the voter turnout has generally remained low in the district along with some parts of Anantnag and Shopian.
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah is contesting from Sonwar Assembly segment of Srinagar, after he chose not to contest from his family stronghold of Ganderbal constituency.
Omar was also in the fray from the Beerwah seat, in central Kashmir’s Budgam district, which went to the polls in the third phase.
The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) patron and party chief ministerial candidate Mufti Mohammad Sayeed is seeking re-election from Anantnag constituency in south Kashmir.
Depending on the eventual party positions in terms of the seats won, either Omar or Sayeed is likely to be the front-runner for the Chief Minister’s post.
Other prominent candidates who are in fray include J&K Assembly Speaker Mubarak Gul, Omar’s close confidante Nasir Aslam Wani, Congress ministers Peerzada Mohammad Sayeed and Ghulam Ahmad Mir, and PDP’s Abdul Rehman Veeri and Altaf Bukhari.
The campaign in the four districts has been by and large peaceful but militants hurled a grenade at a police station in Anantnag town on Thursday, resulting in injuries to three policemen.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

15 Jharkhand seats go to the polls in fourth phase on Sunday15 Jharkhand seats go to the polls in fourth phase on Sunday
PTI
Tweet
Ranchi, Dec 13:  
The stage is set for the penultimate round of the five-phase polling for 15 Assembly seats in Jharkhand tomorrow with former Chief Minister Babulal Marandi and three incumbent ministers testing their luck.
A total of 43,48,709 voters are eligible to decide the fate of 217 candidates, including 16 women.
Adequate security arrangements have been made in all the 15 constituencies, with many being Maoist-hit.
Polling in the worst-hit Maoist areas in the previous three rounds passed off peacefully.
Marandi, whose fate has already been sealed in the third phase of the five-phase polling from Dhanwar, is among the 13 candidates in the fray from the Giridih seat this time.
He had represented Giridih in the Lok Sabha in the previous House.
Polling will end at 5 pm in Dhanbad and Bokaro, while EVMs will be sealed at 3 pm in the rest of the constituencies.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

PM Modi s  Mann Ki Baat  radio programme tom...You are here: Home > Collections > Programme
PM Modi's 'Mann Ki Baat' radio programme tomorrow to focus on drug menace
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 03.44PM IST
Tags:
#MannKiBaat
(The Prime Minister has said…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will talk about the menace of drug abuse tomorrow in his monthly 'Mann Ki Baat' programme on radio.
"On Sunday at 11 AM, I look forward to sharing my thoughts during the #MannKiBaat radio programme," Modi tweeted today.
"As I said during the last programme, this time I would talk about the menace of drugs," he added.
In his second 'Mann Ki Baat' programme on November 2, Modi had said that some people had written to him about the drug menace. He had then asked people to share their views and suggestions on the issue.
"Several people shared ideas, comments & insights on the topic which have been both eye-opening & helpful. My thanks to them for contributing," he posted in another tweet.
The Prime Minister has said he will share his thoughts with the countrymen over radio every month through the 'Mann Ki Baat' programme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hong Kong to shut down last  smallest protestsiteBy: Associated Press | Hong Kong |
Posted: December 13, 2014 4:12 pm
Hong Kong police said Saturday that they would clear out the third and final pro-democracy protest camp next week, putting an end to demonstrations that have blocked traffic in the southern Chinese city’s streets for 2 1/2 months.
Police spokesman Steve Hui said authorities were giving the handful of protesters still occupying a short stretch of road in Causeway Bay enough time to pack up their belongings before they move in Monday.
This past week, authorities shut down the protesters’ main camp near the heart of the city’s financial district and arrested 249 people who refused to leave for unlawful assembly.
The student-led protesters rejected Beijing’s plan to screen all candidates in the first-ever elections for Hong Kong’s top leader, but failed to win significant concessions from the government.
However, many say the protest movement sparked a wider political awakening among the city’s residents, especially the young. Protest leaders vowed to keep up their campaign of civil disobedience through other methods to continue pressuring the government for genuine democracy.
Hui said police would start clearing barricades on Monday morning from about 100 meters (yards) of Yee Wo Street that protesters have occupied in the Causeway Bay shopping district for 77 days.
“I now urge the illegal road occupiers to remove obstacles, take away personal belongings and leave the area in a peaceful and orderly manner soonest,” Hui said. “If the illegal road occupiers refuse to leave, police will take action to disperse them.”
Protesters at the camp had been resigned to eventually being removed after the main site was shut down in an orderly and peaceful operation on Thursday and had already begun packing up their things.

PM s  Mann Ki Baat  programme on December 14 to focus on drug menaceBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 3:54 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:29 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will talk about the menace of drug abuse on December 14 in his monthly ‘Mann Ki Baat’ programme on radio.
On Sunday at 11 AM I look forward to sharing my thoughts during the #MannKiBaat radio programme. http://t.co/c0scpTbw3u
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 13, 2014
As I said during the last programme, this time I would talk about the menace of drugs.   http://t.co/vXwpGYVeWJ #MannKiBaat
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 13, 2014
In his second ‘Mann Ki Baat’ programme on November 2, Modi had said that some people had written to him about the drug menace. He had then asked people to share their views and suggestions on the issue.
Several people shared ideas, comments & insights on the topic which have been both eye-opening & helpful. My thanks to them for contributing
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 13, 2014
The Prime Minister has said he will share his thoughts with the countrymen over radio every month through the ‘Mann Ki Baat’ programme.

Chennai wins award for streetsUpdated: December 12, 2014 16:53 IST
Chennai wins award for streets
Nidhi Adlakha
Police Commisioner Office Road (before)
Special arrangement
Police Commisioner Office Road (after)
Special arrangement
civic infrastructure
Surprised? It’s true. The Chennai Corporation has bagged the Best Non-Motorised Transport Project award for its Street Design Project. The author looks at just what has been revamped and how
We couldn’t believe it either; that a city whose infrastructure seems to be collapsing should actually win something. But apparently, change is happening at a slow-as-snails pace. In 2012, the Chennai Corporation (CoC) adopted the Non-Motorised Transport (NMT) Policy, which shifted focus from flyovers and concrete jungles to redesigning streets and enhancing pedestrian infrastructure. The efforts have been recognised at the recently held Urban Mobility India conference, organised by the Ministry of Urban Development.
Over six million trips a day are made on foot and by cycle in Chennai. The NMT policy guarantees that 60 per cent of the city’s transport budget is dedicated to walking and cycling initiatives. It hopes to eliminate pedestrian and cyclist deaths by 2018. Ruchita Bansal, Programme Officer, Clean Air and Sustainable Mobility Programme, Centre for Science and Environment, says, “Indian cities already have a high share of NMT and public transport users, as high as 60 per cent in Chennai but the share has gone down drastically in the last 30 years due to lack of quality control.”
In 2012, CoC began reclaiming road space from chaotic traffic, unregulated parking, and haphazardly placed utilities to create wide, continuous, and accessible footpaths. With city-based organisations such as Chennai City Connect (CCC) and Institute for Transportation and Development Policy (ITDP) providing technical and coordination support, work is complete on 26 streets. The next phase will extend the project to about 65 more streets in areas such as K K Nagar, Anna Nagar, and Purasawalkam, among others. Raj Cherubal, Director-Projects, CCC, says, “The first phase aimed at implementing high-quality footpaths along 55 bus routes. Redesigned footpaths ensure streamlined traffic, designated parking spots, and ample walking space.” Next task: the NMT working group plans to revamp roads along the Metro Rail corridors to ensure last mile connectivity for commuters.
Not just cars
Did you know that car users account for only 6 per cent of Chennai’s road space compared to 30 per cent occupied by pedestrians and cyclists? Aswathy Dilip, ITDC, says that the primary changes the new plan has made includes creating wide, continuous and accessible footpaths; relocating obstructions such as electrical boxes and garbage bins; creating safe cycle paths; and streamlining motor vehicle traffic. She says, “The existing carriageway of many roads of varying widths resulted in some sections becoming bottlenecks because of merging lanes. The new street designs maintain uniform widths and streamline traffic.” Europe too was plagued by cars 40 years ago and has gradually moved to reclaiming the city for its citizens, says Durganand Balsavar, urban architect. Despite the high car ownership in Germany or Singapore, most people use public transport and cycles.
The new footpaths have been designed according to Indian Roads Congress’ revised guidelines. They not only ensure continuous and unhindered walking but reduce conflicts between pedestrians and vehicles. The Corporation has enlisted architectures to prepare detailed street designs taking into account topography, pedestrian and vehicle traffic. Says Kavitha Selvaraj, CRN Architects, “The NMT policy calls for a shift in the way we think about our roads. There has to be a comprehensive right-of-way approach and not just repairing road surfaces. We have started a Street Design Workshop at the School of Architecture and Planning to sensitise engineers who do road works at the ward level. The public too must ensure that footpaths in front of their homes are free of ramps, private gardens and parking.”
Phase 2 next
The second phase is due to start this month. It will see 29 roads being revamped including Sidco Main Road, Dr. Ambedkar College Road, and Purasawalkam High Road among others. What’s crucial is implementation. And ensuring that it is complemented with good parking management systems. CoC is working on integrating transport modes and creating cycle tracks along canals. “Creating space for vendors should be part of the road redesign project too,” says Raj. The policy has some drawbacks, as Ruchita points out: “The policy doesn’t set any targets to increase NMT and public transport share. Factors such as traffic congestion, increasing vehicular volume, parking, public health and air pollution have to be taken into account.”
One can only hope that the policy will be sustained and Chennai can set an example for other cities to follow. . As Durganand says, “A strong focus on public transport with seamless travel from home to destination can transform our cities.”
Roads Revamped
2. Besant Nagar 2nd and 7th Avenue
3. CIT Nagar 1st Main Road
4. Whites Road

Mamata should also be called for questioning in Saradha scam: CPIFour Pakistan Rangers killed in retaliatory fire by BSF along International Border in Jammu
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

My son s email ID was hacked  says alleged pro-IS Twitter handler s fatherFour Pakistan Rangers killed in retaliatory fire by BSF along International Border in Jammu
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Gold up to Rs 27 350 per ten grams  silver eases to Rs 38 285 per kgHi Guest
Gold up to Rs 27,350 per ten grams, silver eases to Rs 38,285 per kg
Gold up to Rs 27,350 per ten grams, silver eases to Rs 38,285 per kg Gold prices on December 13 rose further by Rs 40 to Rs 27,350 per ten grams at the bullion market in the national capital on the back of rising demand from jewellers, driven by ...

Forex Reserves tumble by $1.64 bn for week ended Dec 5Forex Reserves tumble by $1.64 bn for week ended Dec 5
Box-Office Collection:  Lingaa  Set to Beat Vijay s  Kaththi  in USBox-Office Collection:  Lingaa  Set to Beat Vijay s  Kaththi  in US
Wall Street Week Ahead: Fed s Language LessonsWall Street Week Ahead: Fed s Language Lessons
Overdrive: Trace 15 yrs of Indian automobile industryOverdrive: Trace 15 yrs of Indian automobile industry
How Lower Oil Prices Could Lead To A Windfall For IndiaHow Lower Oil Prices Could Lead To A Windfall For India
Chinese envoy optimistic about trilateral relations with India  USChinese envoy optimistic about trilateral relations with India  US
AudiA3 Cabriolet: New Convertible Hits Indian Roads For 44.75 LakhAudiA3 Cabriolet: New Convertible Hits Indian Roads For 44.75 Lakh
India very important player in climate talks: USenvironmental pollution
Terming India as a “very important player” in the climate change negotiations, the US has said it is not involved in any agreement on climate with India ahead of President Barack Obama’s Republic Day visit to New Delhi.
“India’s obviously a very important player. We don’t have anything in the works of the kind that we were involved with China,” U.S. State Department Special Envoy on Climate Change Todd Stern said referring to the recent US-China climate agreement.
Expressing hope for a “productive” meeting between President Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Mr. Stern said the U.S. had done a lot of bilateral work on energy with India.
Mr. Stern noted that the US-China agreement did not come to fruition overnight.
It took several months of bilateral talks to produce it and that there is no such process going on at the moment with India, he said.
He also said that U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will be arriving in Lima as part of a larger regional trip and will spend a few hours at the COP.
He is not expected to play any role in the negotiations and that Kerry’s visit was slated earlier and not in response to the slow progress of talks, he said.
The draft elements text is “mostly done” and will certainly pass on to the next Co-Chairs of the committee, he said.
Mr. Stern said the U.S. position on Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs) was to “not make it complicated” and just ask countries for a limited set of information like types of gasses covered, sectors of the economy and any assumptions made.
The U.S. will not support a proposal that calls for a different sets of requirements for developed and developing countries based on 1992 Kyoto Protocol categorisations, he said.
India strongly pitched for finance and technology for developing nations from developed countries to deal with challenges posed by climate change.
The need for finance and technology support as a key element under the “Intended Nationally Determined Contributions” (INDCs) cannot be overstated, Minister for Environment, Forests and Climate Change Prakash Javadekar said on Wednesday.
The climate talks are aiming to establish the draft text of a new international climate change agreement to be signed by all countries at the next major talks in Paris in 2015.

Railways to bring multi-modal transportation systemBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 9:34 pm
Aiming at improving transportation, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu on Friday said a multi-modal transportation system is in the offing to provide last mile connectivity.
“Muti-modal transportation system is what we need on Friday. I am talking with all Chief Ministers for bringing a multi-modal transportation system. We will go to cabinet with the proposal,” Prabhu said at the Agenda Aaj Tak event.
He said an intregrated approach is required for multi-modal system involving all modes of transportation.
“It will involve multi-agencies like Metro and other modes of transportation,” he said.
Highlighting the need for such system, he said, “After deboarding the trains at station, one needs to go further to reach his place. Unless we have an integrated approach it will not serve the purpose.”
He suggested that special corporation can be formed for each state and each cities for this purpose. “The system will also improve suburban rail service.”
On privatisation, he said, “It is not the solution of all ills. We should not think like that because what matters is the outcome.”
On food quality, he said efforts are on to improve the quality of catering service. “There will be 60/70 base kitchens to prepare international standard food for passengers. There will be also an option to have food from nearby restaurants.”
Asked whether any out-of-the-box idea will be implemented by him in railways, he said, “A White Paper is coming out on Railways which will show its real condition including financial health. It will have details of all challenges the national transporter is currently facing.”
On high speed train, he said feasibility study is being carried out for Mumbai-Ahmedabad route and Delhi-Chennai corridor.
“High speed train needs dedicated track. Technology can be brought from China, Japan, France or any other country,” he said.
He, however, said efforts are on to introduce semi-high speed train by upgrading signalling system on existing track.
Clearing the air about his reported differences with Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray, Prabhu said, “There is no issue with Uddhav Thackeray. I have no quarrel with Uddhav. He is a good friend. He wanted to me to contest the elections.”

Industrial output shrinks 4.2% in OctIndustrial output shrinks 4.2% in Oct
BS Reporter |  Dec 13, 2014 12:59 AM IST
Industrial output fell 4.2 per cent in October, the most in three years, against growth of 2.5 per cent in September. This was despite the festive season and a favourable base-effect — in October 2013, production had fallen 1.2 per cent.
The Index of Industrial Production (IIP) had previously declined more than 4.2 per cent in October 2011, when it had registered a five per cent fall.
The decline in October was primarily due to a sharp 7.6 per cent contraction in the manufacturing sector, against 2.5 per cent expansion in the previous month, official data showed on Friday. In October last year, output in the manufacturing sector had declined 1.3 per cent.
The fall in industrial production in October was the first this financial year. It is likely the decline will hit expectations economic growth in the second half of this financial year will be more than 5.5 per cent, the growth in the June quarter.
In October, the decline in manufacturing, which accounts for 75.52 per cent of the IIP, was the lowest in five years and seven months.
“This has happened due to the complete absence of consumption, both in rural and urban markets. As a result, production of consumer durables was severely low,” said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist, CARE Ratings.
Within the manufacturing sector, consumer durables production declined 35.2 per cent.
Sabnavis said there was no appetite for spending due to high inflation. “I do not see any scope of revival in the months to come. This is a demand-side problem, with supply issues as well,” he added.
Besides durables, production of fast-moving consumer goods fell 4.3 per cent in October. Among other segments, capital goods production fell 2.3 per cent, which doesn’t augur well for industrial production in the coming months, too.
Though the government was taking measures to ease business and remove red-tapism, the real issue was addressing fundamental problems, which would take a long time, Sabnavis said. He added the fall in industrial production in October, when demand was ideally high due to the festive season, could be linked to the 280 per cent rise in gold import during the month. He said this meant people had probably invested more in gold than consumer durables.
In October, as many as 16 of the 22 industrial groups saw a decline in production, including computing machinery, television sets, radio, gems and jewellery and furniture.
For the April-October period, cumulative rise in industrial production stood at 1.9 per cent, compared with 0.2 per cent in the corresponding period last year, according to data released by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation.
Production in the mining and electricity segments rose significantly in October. In October, output in the mining sector rose 5.2 per cent, compared with 0.7 per cent in the previous month. Production in the sector had fallen 2.9 per cent in October 2013.
Electricity generation rose 13.3 per cent in October, against 3.9 per cent in September. It had increased 1.3 per cent in October last year.
“The fall in manufacturing output wiped out gains from higher production in mining. Mining will gain further traction next year, when new (coal block) auctions start. And, some amount of activity is happening there. The electricity segment remains positive, though household consumption is not doing well,” said D K Joshi, chief economist, CRISIL.
Aditi Nayar, economist, Icra, said, “Some indicators suggest an uptick in manufacturing output in November. For instance, after contracting five per cent in October, automobile production expanded 12 per cent in November.” She added the average growth for October-November this year would provide a clearer picture of the evolving trends in factory output in the third quarter of FY15.
“Given the fewer number of working days on account of a shift in the festive calendar, the sharp contraction in manufacturing output in October should not be construed as a cause for alarm,” she said.
Industry, meanwhile, sought a cut in interest rates by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). “Substantial efforts have been made by the government to ensure a recovery in the economy. Action is already visible and results are on the ground. Industry is also positive about additional investments. All this can now be complemented by a reduction in interest rate by RBI,” said Chandrajit Banerjee, director-general of the Confederation of Indian Industry.
In October, the eight core infrastructure sectors had expanded a healthy 6.3 per cent, raising hope of good industrial production. Data on the core sectors do not take into account production in the consumer durables segment.
An early indication of industrial production had been provided by merchandise exports, which fell five per cent in October on an annual basis, the first decline this financial year. At that time, experts had felt demand in India wasn’t as low as in foreign markets.

Retail inflation slows to 4.38% in NovemberRetail inflation slows to 4.38% in November
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 12:58 AM IST
Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation fell to 4.38 per cent in November from 11.16 per cent in the corresponding period last year, the fourth consecutive monthly fall and the lowest since the government started releasing data in this regard (February 2012).
For October this year, CPI inflation stood at 5.52 per cent.
According to data released by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation on Friday, food inflation, which accounts for 42.71 per cent of the CPI, stood at 3.14 per cent in November, against 5.59 per cent in October and 15.35 per cent in November last year.
A poll of analysts by Reuters had estimated CPI inflation for November this year at 4.5 per cent. "The November CPI numbers don't indicate a trend. In fact, it is a reversal. Going ahead, the pressure on inflation will be higher, especially given the fact that poor kharif crop output has not yet been reflected on inflation data," said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist, CARE Ratings.
According to preliminary estimates released in September, India's food grain production in the 2014-15 kharif season is expected to stand at about 120 million tonnes (mt), 9.5 mt less than last year, though officials have said there could be a further downward revision in the estimate.
 
"The November inflation numbers were something the markets and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) were expecting and that is why the governor held rates in the last monetary policy meeting," Sabnavis added.
Earlier this month, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan kept key policy rates unchanged, despite intense pressure to cut those. He, however, held out hope for industry by saying the central bank could ease the monetary policy early next year, even outside the policy review cycle, if the downward momentum in inflation continued and fiscal developments were encouraging.
"We have had a couple of months (of low inflation) after five years of high inflation. We want to make sure this is for real, especially because we don't intend to flip-flop," he had said.
Among sub-groups, the steepest price rise was seen in the case of fruits - 13.74 per cent year-on-year - and milk and milk products, prices of which rose 10.24 per cent. The steepest fall in prices was in the case of vegetables, which contracted 11 per cent.

Jonathan Gruber was right about political ignoranceEarlier this week, both Democratic and Republican members of Congress pilloried MIT economist Jonathan Gruber at a hearing before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . Gruber’s sin was a series of speeches in which the key architect of Obamacare pointed out that the law was passed by manipulating “the stupidity of the American voter.” Republicans understandably want to exploit Gruber’s comments for political advantage. Democrats, just as understandably, want to distance themselves from him.
Lost in the hysteria is the painful reality that Gruber’s statements were largely accurate. Exploitation of political ignorance did help get Obamacare passed, and the public really is ignorant about both Obamacare specifically and political issues generally . Political strategists in both parties are well aware of the realities of political ignorance, and act accordingly in planning their campaigns. Both Democrats and Republicans routinely praise the wisdom of the voters, even as they shamelessly exploit public ignorance. When grilled by the congressional panel, Gruber should have quoted Michael Corleone in “The Godfather, Part II”: “Senator [or, in this case, Congressman], we’re both part of the same hypocrisy.”
Obamacare only passed the House of Representatives by a narrow 219-212 margin. If instead of lying about how “if you like your health care plan, you can keep it,” the president had honestly admitted that his law would cause millions of people to lose their policies , the bill would likely have been defeated. The other deceptions emphasized in Gruber’s speeches may also have helped pass the law.
The deceptions probably would not have succeeded in the absence of widespread political ignorance. People who studied the plan carefully could readily tell that the administration’s statements were deceptive. Forcing millions of people to buy more comprehensive and more expensive health insurance plans than they had previously was an important element of the Affordable Care Act. As health care experts on both sides of the debate recognized at the time, it is a feature not a bug – an essential part of the plan. But most voters don’t pay close attention to the details of government policy, and therefore enough fell for the deceptions to enable the law to pass.
Public ignorance about politics goes far beyond Obamacare. The members of Congress who denounced Gruber on Tuesday just went through an election campaign in which voters decided control of the House and Senate even as over 60% of Americans did not even know which party controlled which house before the election . Decades of survey data show that political ignorance is widespread, deeply rooted, and common among both Democratic and Republican voters .
The Republican politicians who have been attacking Gruber are not above exploiting ignorance themselves, when it is politically advantageous to do so, as they recently did in the case of the ebola virus . Before Gruber helped the Obama administration design and promote Obamacare, he helped Mitt Romney design and promote Romneycare , which served as a model for Obama’s law. In one of his videotaped speeches, Gruber recounted how Romney and Massachusetts Senator Ted Kennedy “ripped off” the federal government to fund Romneycare, a sleight of hand he called “Mitt Romney’s dirty little secret” about his health care law . Needless to say, this aspect of the law was not much mentioned by Romney in his efforts to promote his record during the 2008 and 2012 presidential elections. Ironically, the 2012 election pitted against each other two candidates both of whom had adopted health care laws in large part designed by Gruber, and sold to the public in part by exploiting political ignorance.
Gruber did err in making the common mistake of conflating political ignorance with “stupidity.” In reality, even smart people are often ignorant about politics, in large part because such ignorance is perfectly rational behavior, given the low probability that your vote will make a difference in an election . The problem of ignorance is also exacerbated by the enormous size, scope, and complexity of modern government , which makes it difficult even for more attentive voters to keep track of more than a small fraction of it. By making government even larger and more complicated than it already was, the enactment of the Affordable Care Act helped exacerbate the very ignorance that helped make its passage possible.
With some crucial caveats, Gruber’s statements about political ignorance were largely accurate. He should not have had to apologize for them. But while Gruber’s words were defensible, many of his actions were not. The real wrong he committed was not talking about political ignorance, but taking part in an effort to exploit it to pass a dubious law. The fact that he is far from the only politician or consultant to do so, does not excuse him. Gruber has also misled people about various conflicts of interest, such as posing as an objective, independent analyst about health care policies he was paid large amounts of money to help design . Recognizing the truth of Gruber’s statements does not mean we should excuse his misdeeds.
The issue of political ignorance and its exploitation is a major problem that goes far beyond Jonathan Gruber and Obamacare. Hopefully, the Gruber saga will lead more people to take the issue seriously.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Raghuram Rajan meets Arun Jaitley; discusses economic situationAmid growing demand for a rate cut by the Reserve Bank, Governor Raghuram Rajan on Friday met Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and discussed a range of “economic issues”.
“We discussed a range of economic issues,” Rajan told reporters after meeting with the Finance Minister.
The meeting assumes significance amid growing calls for a rate cut by the RBI. Jaitley had also pitched for lowering the cost of capital to boost growth.
“Now time has come with moderate inflation to bring down the rates. If you bring down the rates, people will start borrowing from banks to pay for their flats and houses. The EMIs will go down,” Jaitley said in Parliament on December 10.
“I am sure that the authorities who are competent to deal with it are fully seized of this view notwithstanding the balancing exercise between inflation management and growth which they have to do,” he had said.
RBI in last policy review on December 2 had kept policy rates unchanged, saying a shift in stance is ‘premature’ but had hinted that a cut may come early next year if inflation continues to ease and government acts on the fiscal side.
The repo rate continues to be at 8 per cent while the cash reserve ratio is at 4 per cent.
Retail inflation fell to 4.38 per cent in November, the lowest since the government started computing the new series of data in January 2012, as prices of food items went down further.
At the same time, industrial production saw the sharpest contraction in three years of 4.2 per cent in October, putting pressure on RBI to cut rate to boost growth.
Post Comments
More from economy

CenturyPly launches TV commercialTweet
Kolkata, Dec 13:  
CenturyPly’s TVC themed ‘My design, my style’, featuring actor Ragini Khanna, would target end-use consumers of laminated products in this largely influencer-driven category, the company said.
CenturyPly said the market size of laminates in the country is worth Rs 4,500 crore of which around Rs 2,500 crore is occupied by organised players. CenturyPly currently has a market share of approximately 6 per cent.
The campaign attempts to give consumers of laminated products varied choice of decision and positions CenturyPly laminates as a brand from a commodity.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Payment seat scam still rocks Kerala CPI  senior leader Nair quits partyWritten by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram |
Posted: December 13, 2014 3:07 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:08 am
Kerala unit of CPI, the second leading constituent of the Opposition, Left Democratic Front, is still in turmoil over making a Church nominee as its candidate in the last LS elections after taking a huge sum from him. The issue had contributed the usage of “payment seat” in electoral politics in Kerala.
On Saturday, senior CPI leader P Ramachandran Nair quit from the primary membership of the party, saying that he would approach the Lokayukta demanding that senior CPI leaders should be made accused in the ongoing probe into the allegation that party took money to make a person candidate. Nair had been a former district secretary of the party in the state capital and had contested against Congress’ Shashi Tharoor in 2009.
Acting upon a complaint that CPI had taken money from Dr Bennet Abraham to make him LDF candidate in the LS election in Thiruvananthapuram constituency, Lokayukta has initiated a probe in the issue. Lokayukta had earlier rejected CPI claim that the anti-corruption ombudsman did not have the powers to conduct such a probe.
After Abraham, member of Church of South India, was made CPI candidate in Thiruvananthapuram, a section of party leaders had protested. They said the party had allotted Thiruvananthapuram seat to an independent candidate as a payment seat.
When the results were out, Congress’ Shashi Tharoor won from the seat and CPI’s candidate finished third after BJP’s O Rajagopal. The poll outcome forced the CPI to conduct a probe into the unimpressive show of the party’s independent candidate. A party panel probe had found that CPI leaders had taken Rs 1.87 crore from Abraham to make him a candidate.
Following the inquiry, Nair and another senior leader C Divakaran were removed from party state executive and V Sasi as party district secretary. Alleging that he was made a victim of factionalism in the party, Sasi immediately quit the party and joined RSP, now a constituent of the Congress-led United Democratic Front.On Saturday, Nair became the second senior leader to quit from the party over payment seat controversy. Nair told the media that he would approach the Lokayukta demanding that party state secretariat members should be made accused in its probe into the scam. Gunning for party state secretary Pannian Raveendran, Nair said party state secretary cannot run away from the responsibility of the payment seat scam. The probe panel had indicted Raveendran, but he did not reveal that decision to the media, said Nair.
On Saturday, Nair became the second senior leader to quit from the party over payment seat controversy. Nair told the media that he would approach the Lokayukta demanding that party state secretariat members should be made accused in its probe into the scam. Gunning for party state secretary Pannian Raveendran, Nair said party state secretary cannot run away from the responsibility of the payment seat scam. The probe panel had indicted Raveendran, but he did not reveal that decision to the media, said Nair.
The unprecedented practice of taking money from an outsider to allot him candidature has continued…

Bengaluru executive behind Islamic State s top Twitter account arrestedBengaluru MNC executive behind Islamic State's top Twitter account arrested
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi/Bengaluru, December 13, 2014
First Published: 11:12 IST(13/12/2014) | Last Updated: 21:00 IST(13/12/2014)
Comments
Bengaluru police have arrested Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the man allegedly behind terror group Islamic State’s (IS) most influential Twitter handle.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas has "confessed" he was handling the pro-IS tweeter "@ShamiWitness" and he was particularly close to English-speaking IS terrorists, Karnataka DGP L Pachau told reporters.
  
Bangalore police's investigating officer Hemant Nimbalkar writes on a photograph of Mehdi Masroor Biswas, in his police headquarters office in Bangalore (AP Photo)
He is religious but not a fanatic: Mehdi’s father
An engineer working as "manufacturing executive" with a Bengaluru-based multinational company for an annual package of Rs. 5.3 lakh, he became "a source of incitement and information" for the new ISIS recruits, Pachau said.
DGP Pachau,  along with Bengaluru Police Commissioner M N Reddi, announced the arrest a day after Biwas was identified by UK-based Channel 4 as the elusive handler of the pro-IS Twitter account.
Cases had been registered against Biswas under various provisions of IPC, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act, Reddi said.
.
CCB ON TOP: ISIS Tweeter ideologue Mehdi Masroor Biswas, 24, Engineer arrested at Bengaluru by Crime Branch (CCB)! pic.twitter.com/c8hspLtuvS
— JtCP Crime Bengaluru (@crimebangalore) December 13, 2014
Biswas, who is originally from West Bengal, used to run the Twitter account @ShamiWitness with  over 17,000 followers, “two-thirds of whom are foreign fighters” fighting for the IS in Iraq and Syria. His tweets were seen over 2 million times making him the “most influential twitter account” for the IS.
Son of a retired assistant engineer who worked with the West Bengal Electricity Board, Biswas was tracked to his house through his mobile phone which he did not attempt to switch off.
Biswas was interested in the Levantine region, also known as Eastern Mediterranean, consisting of Cyprus, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria and part of Southern Turkey from 2003 onwards, Pachau said.
Screen grab of the now deactivated @ShamiWitness Twitter account.
 
He used to work in the office during daytime and became active on the internet at nights, he said, adding, he had bought 60 GB Internet connection on monthly basis to read all breaking news on websites relating to ISIS/ISL.
    
Pachau said through his social media propaganda, Biswas abetted ISIL in its agenda to wage war against Asiatic powers.
Watch: ISIS twitter case: Accused arrested by police, confesses operating account since many years
Channel 4 exposed Biswas
Biswas was careful in hiding his true identity and was confident that it would never get revealed, the state police chief said. "His identity was exposed by Channel 4 and inputs  were passed on to the Indian agencies."
In its report, 'Channel 4' Friday said the man operating the account had been able to remain anonymous "until now" and avoiding questions about his role in the Islamic State's propaganda war.
The channel said its investigation had, however, revealed that the  man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive with an Indian conglomerate in Bengaluru.
The report had not however revealed Mehdi's full name as he said his life would be in danger. The account was shut down after the report surfaced.
    

Taliban kills 12 workers clearing mines  say AfghanpoliceBy: Associated Press | Kabul |
Posted: December 13, 2014 4:36 pm
Taliban fighters shot dead at least 12 workers clearing mines on December 13 in southern Afghanistan, authorities said, part of a series of attacks that saw two U.S. troops killed and a top Afghan court official gunned down.
Security in the capital, Kabul, has been stepped up as the Taliban have warned that attacks will continue as most foreign troops prepare to withdraw at the end of the month, 13 years after the Sept. 11 terror attacks sparked the U.S.-led invasion.
The attack targeting the mine-clearing operation struck southern Helmand province between its Nadali and Washir districts, police spokesman Farid Ahmad Obaid said. He said Taliban militants killed at least 12 workers and wounded another 12. Afghan soldiers later began a firefight with the insurgents, he said.
Obaid identified the company working on the project as Star Link.
Afghanistan, which has suffered decades of continuous war, is one of the most heavily mined countries in the world. Those working on projects to clear mines often find themselves targeted by the Taliban and other insurgents in the country. In April, Taliban fighters killed 12 people working on a mine-clearing project in Logar province.
Late Friday, a militant attack on a military convoy killed two U.S. soldiers by the Bagram air base in Parwan province near Kabul, an international military official told The Associated Press. The official spoke on condition of anonymity as the information wasn’t authorized for release.
NATO’s International Security Assistance Force said in a statement that two service members “died as a result of an enemy forces attack in eastern Afghanistan.” NATO does not identify the nationalities of the dead, relying instead on their home countries.
The deaths on Saturday were the first foreign troops killed this month, bringing to 65 the total number of international troops killed in the country this year, 50 of them Americans.
Early Saturday, gunmen shot dead Atiqullah Rawoofi, the head of the court’s secretariat in Kabul’s northwestern suburbs, said Farid Afzali, chief of the Kabul police criminal investigation unit.

Modi criticises absence of army recruitment  says people of J&K face Pak firingbravelyWritten by Arun Sharma | Kathua |
Posted: December 13, 2014 4:54 pm
Invoking Praja Parishad and also the Jan Sang to connect with the people of this border district, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on December 13 criticized successive governments for not holding any Army recruitment in the area even when the local people have been fighting Pakistan’s nefarious designs without any uniform and the weapons.
“The people elsewhere the country do not know that the place where I am standing has Pakistan in the neighborhood and people here hear the bang of Pakistani guns from across the international border everyday. While Army jawans get martyred while defending country’s frontiers, these people prepare their children to sacrifice their lives fighting for the country without uniform and the weapons. They do not get scared of the Pakistani firing, but face it on their chests,” he said addressing nearly 50,000 strong crowd at sports stadium here.
However, these valiant people are not recruited in the army as successive governments have stopped holding recruitment for them in the area, he said, adding that it needs to be restarted.
He also had a dig on Congress saying that it has been sneaking through the backdoor into various political groups only to stay in power. However, at the time of elections, it has been backstabbing them in its bid to sneak through the backdoor into the general masses, he added.
Also holding National Conference and the PDP responsible for all the problems facing the state, he appealed the people to punish them during assembly elections. They will not realize their mistakes unless punished, he said, adding that state needed to be freed from dynasty rule if father-son and father-daughter for strengthening of the democracy.
“Don’t you know who are the first, second and third offenders,” he asked the
people and when they cheered back responding, he said that they will not mend their ways unless punished. “Do not look at the father-son or the father-daughter duo, but look at the better future and welfare of your own sons and daughters, Modi said appealing people to vote majority BJP government in the state.

Kings of the kitchenUpdated: December 13, 2014 20:47 IST
Kings of the kitchen
Chefs Aditya Bal, Kunal Kapur and Manu Chandra talk about their unforgettable food memories.
ADITYA BAL
Six years ago, Aditya Bal walked off the ramp and into the kitchen. From watching his grandmother whisk winter cakes to apprenticing at Italian, French and Goan cuisine restaurants, Bal is today best known for NDTV’s Chakh Le India, in which he travelled to the country’s nooks and corners to learn about and replicate age-old culinary secrets for television audiences. Excerpts from an interview:
Tell us about your evolution as a self-taught chef, and the transition from model to food show host.
I was cooking at home for three months before I made a career switch. I realised I loved the self-reliance that cooking gave me, the fact that I could churn something out with my hands and make a profession of it. I had trouble getting someone to hire me though, as I wasn’t formally trained. So I started at a friend’s restaurant in Goa, washing, cutting, chopping, doing the occasional order until I learnt the basics of how a kitchen works and to cope with the crazy hours, dedication and physical toll it takes. Then I spent a year at a restaurant run by an Italian family where I picked up the essentials of European cuisine. Soon after, I began my show with NDTV but returned every year in the off-season for short stints at different restaurants. It was a journey of discovery, of immersing myself in new cuisines and cultures that I would relay to those watching.
With a background in European cooking, how did you take to the Indian styles that Chakh Le required you to showcase?
I’ve spent a lot of time reading about food, cooking from recipe books, understanding how things take shape from mere words and photographs on a page. When Chakh Le said ‘cook Indian’, I told them I’d never done it before but thought ‘I’m a chef, so I should be able to cook anything!’ So I began with two books on Indian cuisine that taught me basics — tadkas, spice pastes etc. I’ve grown to be very technique-driven because I’m self-taught. It boils down to the basic food science — the chemical composition of ingredients, and how they morph in different heats. I’ve devised my own methods of breaking down for viewers all cooking, however complex, into simple technical components. Once you understand this fundamental food science, you have the parameters within which you’re free to cook anything.
What is your earliest food memory?
I grew up in Gulmarg, Kashmir, where everything revolved around food. My parents ran a hotel and I remember my mom handing me over, when I was very little, to the shepherds that grazed their flocks every morning in the pastures. They always carried tikki-shaped sheep’s-milk winter cheese. They would heat the cheese on warm tawas in open air till it melted and stretched, sprinkle salt and chilli over it and snack away. I remember that aroma so distinctly, even today.
KUNAL KAPUR
Chef Kunal Kapur was a shy, quiet boy who pottered around in his large joint family’s kitchen to escape playing with his many cousin sisters. From being the kid who hid from family on the day report cards were brought home to being host and judge of three seasons of Masterchef India before thousands of viewers, Kapur says food has changed his life. As founder of Diya, a speciality Indian restaurant in Delhi, and as Executive Sous Chef, Leela Kempinski, Kapur has made simple, traditional Indian cooking into a fine art. Excerpts from an interview:
As “chief stirrer” at home, did you foresee turning professional?
Not really! I come from a Punjabi family of bankers, where all the men are excellent cooks. So I never thought of men cooking as strange. My father was convinced I would become a banker too, though my math was terrible. He tutored me diligently and, by some miracle, I got into Delhi University for B.Com. That’s when I mustered the courage to tell him that I just couldn’t do it. He gave me two weeks to figure things out. I said hotel management because a friend said it was a glamorous job in five-star hotels with six-figure salaries. So, I joined the Institute of Hotel Management, Chandigarh, and, in two weeks realised that this was so tough! But this was my only ticket to freedom, so I stuck with it. By third year of college, I knew this was it!
You propagated simple cooking through your book A Chef In Every Home.
I actually wanted to be a baker and, when I joined Taj after college, I had that option. Then I realised that, however good I was, some foreigner could always claim to know better because it was his home food! I thought that if I wanted to be the best at something, it had to be in my own terrain. So Indian cooking, which was last on my specialisation list, became first.
Masterchef, however, was a sea change in my thinking. I went with a huge chef ego about doing things the formal, hospitality-industry way and I met these amazing home cooks whose food certainly didn’t look gourmet but tasted much superior. With this new-found respect for home cooks, I wrote my book. But that doesn’t mean you get away with ghar-ka-khaana as a professional chef. You need to innovate, experiment and challenge yourself but that can only happen when you know how to do the classic Indian dishes absolutely right, which is difficult to find today.
What is your earliest food memory?
We were one of the few families in our mohalla with a tandoor. Every Sunday, when our family gathered to cook, we would light it together. Through the day, women from nearby homes would come with their dough, make rotis with us, wrap it in handkerchiefs and take it home. Life over food was one big mela!
MANU CHANDRA
Born to a Tamil-Punjabi mother and a Lucknowi father, Manu Chandra spent his childhood oscillating between inherited food cultures while experimenting with European baking styles on the side. With an undergraduate degree in history from St. Stephen’s, Delhi, followed by post graduation from Culinary Institute of America (CIA), New York, Manu returned to India to take over the reins of Olive Beach, Bangalore.
He went on to found a gastro-pub, Monkey Bar, in Bangalore and Delhi; and The Fatty Bao, an Asian gastrobar, also in Bangalore.
At equal ease with widely disparate cuisines, Manu is best known today, as an evangelist for experimentation with food. Excerpts from an interview:
What draws you to cuisine hop so comfortably?
At CIA, I wanted to specialise in every cuisine. Even today, I don’t have a favourite cuisine; I’m drawn by flavours, freshness and new ideas. There’s enough and more of that in every cuisine. As a chef you never stop learning.
When you’re around food, techniques and flavours as much as I am, there comes a time when things become intuitive. The cornerstone of my philosophy of work is integrity and honesty in food. As I’ve grown older, there’s also a bit of Zen philosophy creeping in; you stop pushing your own agenda and strike a beautiful balance between your aspirations and your clients.
Your restaurants are known for constantly reinventing themselves. How open is the Indian customer to culinary adventure?
I’ve always maintained that authenticity is overrated and innovation is underrated. In India, everyone’s willing to try out new perfumes, new genres of music, or new fashions, but gets conservative with food! That’s because food is so fundamental to our existence that people have trepidations about stepping into a new headspace there.
At a restaurant though, sustenance is only 20 per cent of what I provide. So it’s great to keep an open mind to new experiences. Five years down the line, I don’t want customers to tell me they can do what I do at home! This space for experimentation also lets an incredible repertoire of food genres grow in the country, which is as exciting for customers as it is for chefs.
What is your earliest food memory?
Food fragrances just get stuck in your head, ingrained into your DNA. I wasn’t the brightest child in school; I was great at extra-curriculars, but I had my issues with Math, Physics and Accounting.
Every day, after school, I’d walk home, open the door and tell our cook exactly what was made for lunch just from the numerous smells floating around. It became a sort of game between us!
As a chef today, I still take a whiff of what I’m cooking even before I taste it. The memory of smell overpowers the memory of flavour. And 80 per cent of flavour is smell!
BRUNCH BETTER: A workshop at The Hindu Lit For Life 2015
On January 17, 2015, chefs Manu Chandra and Kunal Kapur will give professional tips on how to host better brunches in a lively, interactive workshop at Taj Clubhouse, Chennai.
Go to thne.ws/1ubcvnX or thne.ws/15UvS0k to register.
For more updates on The Hindu Lit for Life visit:

Mitra brought to Alipore Court amid statewide protest by TMCMitra brought to Alipore Court amid statewide protest by TMC
US Senate aims to vote Monday on $1.1 tn spending billUS Senate aims to vote Monday on $1.1 tn spending bill
USD strength  deflation take charm off low oil prices: IEAUSD strength  deflation take charm off low oil prices: IEA
India  China  US should conduct trilateral dialogue: ExpertsIndia  China  US should conduct trilateral dialogue: Experts
India vs Australia  1st Test: Kohli ton goes in vain as Australia win thrillerIndia vs Australia  1st Test: Kohli ton goes in vain as Australia win thriller
Islamic State group shoots down Iraqi helicopterIslamic State group shoots down Iraqi helicopter
How McDonald s is using technology to transform customer experience13
The company has placed its interactive kiosks in select U.S. locations, including one in Downers Grove. The kiosks allow customers to customize their burgers and have the orders bought to their tables. The company said this week it plans to expand the “Create Your Taste” kiosks to about 2,000 U.S. restaurants by the end of 2015. Still, the customized burgers are not yet available for drive-thru customers, only for dine-in and takeout patrons.
“It’s just creating a range of choices in customization,” Easterbrook said, referring to the kiosks. “We’re introducing technology” into customization.
Future experiences
“In a short period of time — two, three, four years — there’ll be three, four or five different further ways of going through the entire McDonald’s experience,” Easterbrook said. “Everything from self-order kiosks to Web ordering or maybe ordering in advance and (the system) recognizes you.”
He said the company has to figure out a system to deliver food to customers who ordered in advance.
In some cases, he said, there might not be any human interaction.
Downtown digs
The company plans to open a corporate office in downtown Chicago in early 2015.
Easterbrook said he expects the site to include digital workers and employees from other departments. It follows a similar move the company made in San Francisco earlier this year to attact tech talent.
Taking risks
Declining sales at the corporation have opened the door to more risk taking, Easterbrook said.
“When you’re in a turnaround situation, you can’t incrementalize your way out of it,” he said. “You need to really pivot, you need to have some real points of meaningful change, both within the business but frankly from the consumer point of view. That involves taking risks.
“Not everything has to be 100 percent right. Get it out there. Get it in front of the consumer. They’ll give you some quick feedback. If you’re smart enough to listen, you get rewarded by it.”

Prices of 52 More  Essential  Drugs Capped: RegulatorNeed to Rethink Strategy for PSU Banks: Banking Secretary
Mumbai: India's drug price authority said in a notice that prices of 52 more drugs, including painkillers and antibiotics, are capped.
The additional drugs join a list of nearly 400 essential medicines that have so far been placed under price control in India, where a majority of the people live on under $2 a day and health insurance is scarce.
The new drugs to come under price control include commonly-used antibiotics and painkillers as well as medicines used for treating cancer and skin disorders, a notice on the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) website said.
Companies including Lupin Ltd, Cadila Healthcare Ltd and Merck Ltd - the Indian arm of the US firm Merck & Co Inc - are among those selling drugs mentioned in the latest notice, the authority said.
Cadila and Lupin, did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Merck's India unit was not immediately reachable.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Pricol to Complete Million-Dollar Brazilian Acquisition by JanuaryNeed to Rethink Strategy for PSU Banks: Banking Secretary
Auto parts maker Pricol will complete its million-dollar acquisition of Brazilian firm Mellin do Brasil by January 23, its managing director Vikram Mohan told NDTV.
"It will be in a single digit millions of dollars and the transaction is getting closed on the 23rd of January, so the numbers are being calibrated as we speak, the final closure numbers," Mr Mohan said. ( Watch )
Mellin manufactures oil and water pumps for auto companies like General Motors, Volkswagen, Fiat, and Harley Davidson. Pricol is a manufacturer of automotive instruments and precision engineering products.
The acquisition will be made through Pricol's wholly owned subsidiary incorporated in Spain.
Pricol's list of clients include the likes of Maruti Suzuki, Honda, Yamaha, Hero Motors, Royal Enfield, Tata Motors and Toyota.
Pricol is bullish on Mellin's performance going forward on the back of a healthy order book.
"The company was making profits, last year it underwent a small loss, this year they are back to breaking even and the outlook looks very good because, there is a very healthy order pipeline for the next couple of years," Mr Mohan said.
Last year Mellin clocked a revenue of Rs 300, and is expected to report a similar figure this year, he said.
Pricol's standalone net profit rose nearly 167 per cent to Rs 9.55 crore in the September quarter compared to the corresponding quarter, a year ago.
On Friday, Pricol shares jumped as much as 11 per cent to an intraday high of Rs 47.45.  The scrip outperformed the broader Sensex and the Nifty which were trading in the red.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 15:01 (IST)

India Inc Using Commercial Papers for Working Capital Needs: Yes BankIndia Inc is meeting its rising working capital requirements through commercial papers (CP), Yes Bank senior group president and CFO Rajat Monga told NDTV.
"Corporates (are) raising money through commercial papers, but not going to banks," he said.
In September, the amount of money raised through CPs outpaced what banks lent, Mr Monga said. CPs are short term debt instruments which corporates issue to raise short-term capital for working capital requirements.
In the September quarter, companies raised Rs 2.90 lakh crore through CPs, compared to Rs 1.62 lakh crore raised through bank loans, according to RBI data.
The base rate of a commercial bank ranges between 10 and 10.25 per cent, whereas corporates can raise three-month money at around 8.5 per cent through CPs.
Overall credit demand has picked up and there is "some improvement" in working capital demand, Yes Bank said. "If you take this trend away which is a one-off as such, the underlying trend that emerges is that it (credit demand) is better than it was same time last year," Mr Monga said.  ( Watch Video )
Corporate lending accounts for 70 per cent of Yes Bank's loan book, while the rest of the portfolio is made up of retail and SME (small and medium enterprises) lending.
Credit demand from infrastructure, construction, metals space continues to be low, whereas hospitality, healthcare, media entertainment and education sectors have seen more demand, Mr Monga said.
Investments in infrastructure related sectors have witnessed a slowdown on account of stalled projects due to clearance hurdles, slowing growth and lack of reforms on the land and labour front, while consumer related segments are better off owing to easing inflation, as it leaves more money in the hands of the consumer to spend.
India has been growing at sub-5 per cent during the last two fiscals - its worst ever performance in 25 years. The Reserve Bank of India or RBI sees India's GDP growth at 5.5 per cent in FY15.
However there has been positive news on the inflation front with wholesale inflation in October cooling to a 5-year low of 1.77 per cent, helped by fall in food and fuel prices; while retail inflation eased for the third straight month to 5.52 per cent.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 16:29 (IST)

India Inc calls for rate cut by RBI on poor IIP dataIndia Inc calls for rate cut by RBI, faster reforms on poor IIP data
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 21:30 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Disappointed over industrial output contracting by 4.2 per cent in October, India Inc on Friday said the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) must slash interest rates urgently to spur demand while re-emphasising the need for faster roll-out of reforms announced by the government.
Dashing hopes of recovery, the industrial output, as measured by Index of Industrial Production (IIP), contracted by 4.2 per cent in October, mainly on account of poor performance by the manufacturing sector and a dip in the output of capital as well as consumer goods.
"The fall in manufacturing growth in October is disturbing, more so because it is broad-based and not limited to a few sectors. It is in line with the findings of our own manufacturing survey which expected slowdown in the third quarter," Ficci President Sidharth Birla said.
"It not only reflects slowdown in investments but also the deep-rooted slackness in consumer demand which requires bringing down the interest rates urgently.
It would also need faster implementation of government's intentions to introduce reforms in which states have a major role to play," he added.
Manufacturing output - which constitutes over 75 per cent of the index - contracted by 7.6 per cent in October, as compared to a dip of 1.3 per cent in the same month of the 2013-14 financial year.
"Substantial efforts have been made by the government to ensure a recovery in the economy. Actions are already very visible and results are on the ground... Industry is also positive about additional investments. All this can now be complemented by a reduction in interest rate by RBI ," CII Director General Chandrajit Banerjee said.
The production of capital goods - a barometer of demand - declined by 2.3 per cent in October, against a growth of 2.5 per cent in corresponding year-ago month.
The consumer goods output too contracted by 18.6 per cent in October as against a decline in output at 5 per cent logged a year ago.
"A realistic assessment of the government on what is hurting the industry and what is lacking is needed in order to see sustained industrial growth and achieve the objectives of 'Make in India'," Assocham Secretary General DS Rawat said.
Overall, 16 of the 22 industry groups in manufacturing showed negative growth in October.

VE Commercial Vehicle eyes boost in bus market shareUpdated: December 12, 2014 23:36 IST
VE Commercial Vehicle eyes boost in bus market share
G. Balachandar
Shyam Maller, Senior VP- Sales, Marketing and Aftermarket, VECV, at the launch of Eicher Skyline Pro Series buses, in Chennai on Friday. Photo: Bijoy Ghosh
TOPICS
company information
Rolls out Skyline Pro Series buses in the light segment
VE Commercial Vehicle (VECV) has indicated that it is confident of sustaining its strong performance in the light and medium passenger segment, aided by the new launches and the proposed entry to newer segments.
While it has just rolled out Skyline Pro Series buses in the light segment, built on a completely new platform with higher seats and comfort and safety features, in an attempt to further beef up its presence in the school transportation and staff transportation segment, it also looking at entering short-haul transportation and maxi-cab segments.
With a promise of five per cent better fuel efficiency than competition, Skyline Pro buses come at slightly higher prices when compared with the existing Skyline range. The 60-seater Skyline Pro School bus, priced at about Rs.18.9 lakh, offers the industry first seat belt for all seats.
The launch of premium range of buses under Skyline Pro comes on the back of changing preference of customers and fleet operators.
“We have been very strong in the school segment. The new range will further enhance our presence. Also, the change we are seeing is in the staff segment as contractors and fleet operators have started seeing value in our products. So, we have done well in staff segment in some locations,” VECV Senior Vice President (Sales & Marketing and Aftermarket) Shyam Maller told The Hindu.
“We have also started focusing on route permit categories which are typically the short-haul transportation of 150-200 km stretches, where the STUs (state transport undertakings) may not be operating. At present, buyers in this segment are buying chassis from us and build the body on it. We will soon make a variant to cater to this segment,” he added.
The company is also seeing some promising opportunity in the maxi-cab segment, and is contemplating taking a plunge into the category. The company now offers buses in three brands — Starline (value segment), Skyline (middle segment) and Skyline Pro (top end).
During January-November, 2014, the VECV’s market share in the 5-15-tonne bus segment grew to 15.3 per cent from 13.6 per cent in a year-ago period, amid decline in overall bus volumes in the category.

Hailstorm batters northern Maharashtrapicture  others
Hailstorm batters northern Maharashtra
Heavy rain accompanied by hailstorm hit Niphad and Chandwad areas of Nashik district in northern Maharashtra. (Source: Express photo by Mayur Bargaje)
The hailstorm resulted in destruction of crops in Wadner and other villges in Chadwad tehsil. (Source: Express photo by Mayur Bargaje)
The rain also affected the Friday weekly bazaar in Niphad tehsil. (Source: Express photo by Mayur Bargaje)
Furious farmers climbed telephone and electricity poles to protest govt apathy towards their plight. (Source: Express photo by Mayur Bargaje)
Farmers were also troubled with the destruction of the onion crop. (Source: Express photo by Mayur Bargaje)
Villagers in Rui stated that the officials never visit the affected villages, showing their anger they climbed electricity and telephone poles. (Source: Express photo by Mayur Bargaje)
The vineyards were also damaged in this time of harvesting season. (Source: Express photo by Mayur Bargaje)
- Agriculture and revenue officials visited Vinchur, Rui, Dharangaon and other villages in Niphad tehsil to assess the damage. (Source: Express photo by Mayur Bargaje)
The police and politicians were, however, reported to be providing assurance of compenstaion for the damage. (Source: Express photo by Mayur Bargaje)
Skip this Advertisement

5-year-old girl dies after falling off swing in parkCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
A five-year-old daughter of a domestic help of a NDMC councillor, died after falling off a swing in a park in Moti Nagar area, officials said today.
The victim identified as Reena was playing on a swing in a park located in west Delhi’s Moti Nagar area in NDMC’s Karol Bagh Zone yesterday afternoon when she fell from it and suffered a head injury, a senior NDMC official said.
“The girl was rushed to a nearby hospital where she declared brought dead,” area councillor Surinder Kaur said.
Kaur, for whom the victim’s mother works as a domestic help, said she is extending all help to the victim’s family.
“I am extending all kinds of help including financial one and whatever the victim’s mother’s asks of me, we will assist her in that,” Kaur said.
Following the incident, the Municipal Commissioner has suspended five officials and a probe has been ordered by him int othe case, the NDMC official said.
Deputy director, assistant director, section officer, Chaudhary and gardener of the horticulture department of the concerned zone have been placed under suspension, pending inquiry, Gupta was quoted as saying in a statement by the NDMC.
The Commissioner has given directions to all the concerned departments to inspect playing apparatus swings in parks and schools immediately, it said.
Resident Welfare Associations have also been appealed to complain to the local body if they notice any of the playing apparatus swings as dangerous.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Breakneck speed of Uber s growth is a cautionary taleRoche loses patent for osteoporosis drug in India
While we all try and figure out whether Uber will continue to operate in India, or parts of India, the breakneck speed of its growth is a cautionary tale.
It was growing, according to Forbes, at a pace where it launched its services in 30 cities in a one-month period. That’s one city a day. Part of that rush came from the massive infusion of money—$2.7 billion from investors. What it also did was leave the company vulnerable. As an article in USA Today said: “Stretching too far, too fast is a common misstep among enthusiastic business-owners eager for growth. And the ramifications of too-rapid expansion can be great: it can potentially compromise customer service and product quality.”
There is some indication that Uber founder, San Francisco-based Travis Kalanick, was aware of the challenge. In a Facebook post almost a year ago, he wrote: “We have to continue to get massive amounts of drivers on board as quickly as possible. Supply for experienced drivers in the city is dwindling, and that means introducing tens of thousands of new people into the commercial driving industry.
This is contributing to the variance. We quickly weed out poor transportation providers, but poor service from new guys is definitely a thing.” Kalanick posted this after Noah Lichtenstein a San Francisco-based venture capitalist, complained that Uber’s rapid expansion was bringing in a large number of low-quality drivers. Shiv Kumar Yadav would definitely have been one of them.
 
Post Comments
More from companies

Saradha scam: BJP says Mamata Banerjee is pressing panic buttonCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today slammed West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee for her “political vendetta” charge over action in Saradha scam, saying she is pressing the “panic button” and “rattled” by the possibility that her “own involvement” could come to light.
“Dare does not matter. Sometimes I can say these are politically motivated attempts…If anything which is linking Mamata Banerjee with the scam, she would be investigated and interrogated by the CBI. It is for CBI to take that call and not for me to direct the CBI.
“And it will be determined on the fact of the case and investigating material, which is before the police. I am no one to direct CBI, nor is the BJP.
CBI is an autonomous institution,” BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi told reporters outside Parliament.
She said that if Banerjee has done anything wrong or committed any wrong in terms of conspiracy which has happened or if any link is found connecting her with Saradha scam “her dare will go away” a because the police then take its course.
Another party spokesperson G V L Narsimha Rao attacked Banerjee, saying she has “lost all her courage” and making this kind of “adventurous comments” without offering explanation for the kind of “criminal conspiracy that her party leaders were engaged in perpetrating” in the chit fund scam.
“She is possibly rattled by the revelations and possibly fears that her own involvement in the scam would come to light,” he said.
BJP national secretary Sidharth Nath Singh took on the Trinamool Congress chief, saying that it is unfortunate that rather than giving a sober advice to her own leadership not to react, she herself is reacting like this. “This just goes to show her panic button,” he said.
Singh also reminded that it was not the BJP government but the Supreme Court, which had ordered an inquiry into it in May 2014.
In an embarrassment to the ruling Trinamool Congress, West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra was yesterday arrested by CBI in the multi-crore Saradha scam, prompting Mamata to slam BJP calling it a “political vendetta” and a “dirty conspiracy”.
Banerjee also condemned the arrest as “illegal and unconstitutional” and said it is a “dangerous” step to destroy democratic institutions.
The sharp attack by the TMC supremo, who also dared Prime Minister Narendra Modi to arrest her, came even as the BJP demanded her resignation taking moral responsibility after the fresh CBI action in the scam.
Narsimhan, however, said that Banerjee is not offering any reason “why they should not be arrested, when they have actually cheated”.
“They are partners with Saradha chit fund promoters in causing grievous loss to millions of people of West Bengal. I think the criminality involved in these cases is extremely serious.
“Rather than giving explanation for such involvement, rather than taking action against her own party members and people who actually colluded with the scamsters, she is only indulging in political rhetoric and political propaganda,” he said.
The BJP spokesperson maintained that the Trinamool Congress and Banerjee must realise that having power in the state and being elected to the office does not give one a “license to indulge in corruption”.
“You cannot really talk about political vendetta and get away. Please give all the necessary explanation. Giving all this kind of talk is not going to really lead Banerjee anywhere,” he insisted.
BJP national secretary Singh said that it was under the direction of the Supreme Court that the CBI inquiry is going on and that the accusations of the chitfund scam did not come from the BJP but from leaders of Trinamool like Kunal Ghosh.
“One should ask Banerjee that you were the Chief Minister, when the scam happened under your nose, your own government was there. Why did you not stop it at the first place.
“Then you got the second chance when the scam came out in open. You did not want to investigate because your very close associates like…were involved into the scam. You did not even act against them,” he said.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Muslim conversion row: Akhilesh Yadav challenges BJP to convert himCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has alleged that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) was “misguiding” people in the name of religious conversions and challenged the saffron party to “try and convert” him.
“People gave BJP most seats in the recent Lok Sabha polls. But the party is fooling the same people on the name of religious conversion,” the chief minister said.
Yadav threw a challenge before the BJP, saying it should “try to convert him to another religion”
Referring to the plans of a “mass conversion ceremony” in Aligarh, announced by a Hindu outfit, Yadav said that it was the responsibility of the district administration to maintain law and order and arrest the trouble makers.
District authorities in Aligarh today issued a warning to those trying to disturb communal amity while asking citizens not to get provoked ahead of the proposed December 25 ceremony.
The leaders of Aligarh-based Hindu Jagaran Samiti had announced a mass conversion ceremony of Christians and Muslims, described by them as “homecoming”, at a local college here on December 25.
Following this, a delegation of Christian leaders met the DM today to express their concerns on the statements and were given an assurance by him that he would look into the matter.
Hindu Jagaran Samiti had announced its plan for mass conversion on December 25, which was welcomed by the local BJP MPs who said people are within their rights to choose their religion.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Youtube now lets Indian users watch videos offlineDec 13, 2014 at 02:01pm IST
Youtube now lets Indian users watch videos offline
45
3
Mumbai: Video sharing website Youtube launched an offline viewing service to help users download videos they can watch later, to overcome handicaps posed by low bandwidth and high costs of data plans.
Under the service, which went live in India, Indonesia and the Philippines on Thursday, a user can click on the special icon on the site when she is either in a WiFi zone or a place with good data connectivity, and download a video which can be watched later.
The downloaded videos can be watched as many times within 48 hours and the advertiser's interests have been protected through an innovation wherein the advertisement appears before a playback of the video, like it would for online usage.
Youtube has now launched an offline viewing service in India to help users download videos they can watch later.
#youtube #offline videos #video services
The US-based internet advertising giant said a large number of videos are already available and the company is speaking to more content partners to opt for this service.
Once the device connects back to the internet, analytics around the number of times the video was watched will be transfered to the Youtube servers.
It can be noted that already, there are a slew of applications available online which let users download videos to be watched offline, but Google India's managing director Rajan Anandan stressed that this is illegal and amounts to piracy of content.
About the need for such a service, he said the mobiles growth has resulted in a situation where we have a large user base, which is estimated to touch 300 million by year-end, but India is "starved" for bandwidth while the data plans are also costly, making it tough to watch videos seamlessly.
"There will not be any difficulties around buffering if you use this service," he added.
At present, Youtube has 60 million users in the country, while on the content front, there are 10,000 Indian films, 20,000 TV shows and 2.5 lakh songs which are available online, the company said.
Anandan said that 58 million of the approximately 300 million internet users are on the low-speed 2G networks and added that a bulk of the new additions are on the mobile, which do not offer the same speed as broadband.
Already, 40 per cent of the traffic on Youtube comes from a mobile device, and hence, there is a need for some alternate solutions, Youtube's vice president for engineering John Harding said.
On revenue from partnerships, Google India is placed fifth globally and aspires to be among the top three soon, its regional director for partnerships, Ajay Vidyasagar said.
When asked if the telcos should fear a cut in business due to services like these, Anandan said the service will be "additive", as it will grow the number of video watchers and the revenues of such companies will not be impacted.
On the impending launch of a faster 4G service, and its impact on the service, Anandan exuded confidence that the country will always be "capacity constrained" and there will be a need for such a service.
40

Govt to develop website for missing kids: PrasadWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Narendra Modi attacks  Congress  National Conference  asks people to punish offendersPress Trust of India | Dec 13, 2014 at 03:23pm IST
Kathua: Projecting BJP as a fresh option in Jammu and Kashmir, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said Congress "sneaks" into every government that is formed in the state but attacks these dispensations just before elections.
Blaming Congress, NC and PDP for the problems in the state, he asked people to punish all "three offenders" in the Assembly polls.
Addressing a poll rally here, Modi had a dig at Congress saying the party "jumps" into every government that is formed in the state, be it led by PDP or NC, but withdraws from it just before the elections and starts attacking these dispensations.
The PM has gone on a blitzkrieg campaign in the Valley where the BJP is making a bid to come to power in the Muslim-dominated state.
"If you punish them once, they will realise their mistakes. Has BJP ever formed the government in Jammu and Kashmir? Did we ever commit any mistake? Don't you know who are the first, second and third offenders," he asked the people who cheered back in response.
Maintaining that the people of the state knew who the "three offenders" were, Modi said they would not mend their ways unless they were punished by the voters.
"Congress sneaks into the government whenever one is formed and gets away with all the benefits. Then they say that they are against this government and that the government has done all wrong.
"Whether PDP comes or NC to power, they join hands with them and come out of the government whenever elections near." Attacking the National Conference and PDP for "dynastic politics and nepotism", the Prime Minister asked the people: "Are there no more sons and daughters in J and K? Will only one father-son and father-daughter run the governments here? Do you have to always remain in their tangle?" "Don't look at those father-son, father-daughter duos.
Look at your own sons and daughters. Herein lies your benefit."
Holding that dynastic politics and nepotism can never be the voice of democracy, Modi also compared the politics of Congress, NC and PDP with BJP, saying "see the power of BJP's democracy that a tea-seller became the Prime Minister." The Prime Minister said the entire world was now accepting India's status as a powerful nation.
"Is the entire world now talking about India? It is not an easy thing that within six months, the entire world accepts the power of our country. This is not happening due to Modi.
This is happening due to you," he said.
The Prime Minister has gone on a blitzkrieg campaign in the Valley where the BJP is making a serious bid to come to power in the Muslim-dominated state for the first time since independence.
The party plans to accomplish its 'Mission 44' in the 87 -member Assembly. Out of the 87 seats in the state, 59 have a majority of Muslim voters.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Saradha scam: Mamata lashes out at BJP  says it can t shut people behind bars with money power44
0
Kolkata: It's now an open war between the Trinamool Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party after the Central Bureau of Investigation arrested West Bengal Minister Madan Mitra in the multi-crore Saradha chit-fund scam. West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee , she dared Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the BJP leadership to arrest her.
She said, "Kalidas axed the branch of the tree he was sitting on. Those in power in Delhi are doing the same. Governments come and go, democracy remains forever. Those in power in Delhi must remember this."
Addressing a massive rally in Kolkata, she lashed out at the BJP saying, "You cannot shut people behind bars just because you have the money power. We have returned most of the money in the Saradha scam."
#saradha scam #mamata banerjee #tmc #bjp
She hit out at BJP chief Amit Shah indirectly by saying, "One BJP leader cam to Kolkata and warned they will arrest Madan Mitra in 2014, Mukul Roy in 2015 and Mamata Banerjee in 2016. Congress is finished because of their mistakes, CPM was uprooted from power for arrogance and BJP will meet same fate."
The Modi government is already cornered in Parliament over one issue or the other and Mamata made it clear that the TMC MPs will protest from Monday agaionst BJP's vendetta politics. "BJP is playing politics of vindictiveness. We did not arrest a single CPM leader after coming to power."
She raked up the issue of alleged link between the Sahara group and top BJP leadership.
Slamming Kunal Ghosh, Mamata Said, "The man who was arrested and was in jail for 60 days is pointing fingers at us."
Meanwhile, security has been tightened outside the Alipore court where Madan Mitra will be produced later today. The CBI is likely to seek his custody. He will be questioned on whether he received money from Saradha accused Sudipta Sen, and whether he helped in laundering the money.
The TMC has also called for a protest march at in central Kolkata. TMC supporters have put up road and rail blockades in several places in North 24 Parganas district.
This is for the first time that a Cabinet Minister in the Mamata government has been arrested by the CBI in the scam. So far, the arrested persons included TMC members of Parliament Kunal Ghosh and Srinjoy Bose.
The CBI arrested Mitra after interrogating him for nearly five hours over the post he was holding in Saradha Group of Companies. The minister appeared before the CBI at the agency's office at the Salt Lake CGO complex on Friday morning in connection with the case. He has been arrested on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating, misappropriation and for deriving undue financial benefits from the Saradha Group.
He was summoned by the CBI in November 2014 but he checked into a government hospital instead barely hours before his scheduled appearance before the investigating agency, presumably to evade the grilling session. The CBI also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipto Sen and Saradha Group on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case. Balodia had drafted the letter which Sudipto Sen had sent to the investigative agency, a CBI spokesman said.
Kunal Ghosh has also accused Mitra of being involved in the scam. Mitra won the Bishnupur Assembly seat of South 24 Parganas district in the 2009 bypolls. He represented the constituency perched in the southern fringes of Kolkata till 2011.
The Saradha Group, incidentally, started its operations from Bishnupur and, during Mitra's time, was in full flourish. Mitra lectured at the group's investors' meet and ushered heaps of praises on the "good work the company was doing".
He was, allegedly, also the president of the group's employees' association. His pictures with the discredited chairman of the Group, Sudipta Sen, was once seen proudly hung at the Saradha offices before they were quickly removed after the company collapsed in April, 2013.
6

Modi to focus on drug menace in  Mann Ki Baat  on radio on SundayDec 13, 2014 at 03:39pm IST
Modi to focus on drug menace in 'Mann Ki Baat' on radio on Sunday
27
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will talk about the menace of drug abuse on Saturday in his monthly 'Mann Ki Baat' programme on radio.
"On Sunday at 11 AM, I look forward to sharing my thoughts during the #MannKiBaat radio programme," Modi tweeted on Saturday. "As I said during the last programme, this time I would talk about the menace of drugs," he added.
In his second 'Mann Ki Baat' programme on November 2, Modi had said that some people had written to him about the drug menace. He had then asked people to share their views and suggestions on the issue.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will talk about the menace of drug abuse on Saturday in his monthly 'Mann Ki Baat' programme on radio.
#narendra modi #drug abuse #mann ki baat #radio
"Several people shared ideas, comments & insights on the topic which have been both eye-opening & helpful. My thanks to them for contributing," he posted in another tweet. The Prime Minister has said he will share his thoughts with the countrymen over radio every month through the 'Mann Ki Baat' programme.
As I said during the last programme, this time I would talk about the menace of drugs.   http://t.co/vXwpGYVeWJ #MannKiBaat
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 13, 2014
Several people shared ideas, comments & insights on the topic which have been both eye-opening & helpful. My thanks to them for contributing
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 13, 2014
5

India  China support trilateral dialogue with U.S. to deal with global challengesIndia, China support trilateral dialogue with U.S. to deal with global challenges
PTI
Chinese Ambassador Le Yucheng
New Delhi, Dec 13:  
India and China today supported the idea of a trilateral dialogue involving them and the US to deal with major global challenges and ensure better mutual ties.
“I agree with the proposal to launch a trilateral talk between China, the US and India. I think it is a good idea. China is open to any dialogue if it produces peace and development. I think it is a very positive idea,” Chinese Ambassador Le Yucheng said.
He was replying to a question at an interactive session at the conference on “Shaping the 21st Century: India, the US and China” organised by Bengaluru-based media group Deccan Herald.
Minister of State for External Affairs V K Singh also supported the idea, saying such a proposal will enhance cooperation between the three countries which have strong ties bilaterally with each other.
The idea for such a dialogue was mooted by former Union Minister Jairam Ramesh while addressing the conference.
Editor of Deccan Herald K N Tilak Kumar said the world today was witnessing a tectonic change with the phenomenal rise of China and the continued prominence of the US.
“Both countries are important to India and each one of the three have high stakes in economic ties with the other two,” Kumar said, adding the kind of three-way relationship between them will be important not only to each of them but to the whole world.
The combined contribution of India, US and China to the global GDP is between 40 and 45 per cent and their population is estimated at 40 per cent of the world.
Singh and Le also agreed that the boundary question should be resolved mutually and peace and tranquility at the border should be maintained.
Listing the commonalities and shared interests, Singh said if “you have a trilateral dialogue, I think it will only further the type of interests (we are) seeking.”
In his address, the Chinese ambassador said he was “very optimistic” about the “future” between India and China and underlined the need for ensuring peace on the border before reaching a final solution.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Youth has confessed to operating pro-IS Twitter account: Karnataka DGPYouth has confessed to operating pro-IS Twitter account: Karnataka DGP
Frantic search after Java landslideFrantic search after Java landslide
Saradha scam: TMC workers protest outside court  dares Centre to act against Mamata Banerjee10
0
Kolkata: The standoff between Trinamool Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party continues, as TMC workers protest outside Alipore court over West Bengal Minister Madan Mitra's arrest in the multi-crore Saradha chit-fund scam on Saturday.
Earlier on Saturday, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee dared Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the BJP leadership to arrest her.
She said, "Kalidas axed the branch of the tree he was sitting on. Those in power in Delhi are doing the same. Governments come and go, democracy remains forever. Those in power in Delhi must remember this."
Mamata raked up the issue of alleged link between the Sahara group and top BJP leadership.
#tmc #saradha scam #madan mitra arrest #alipore court
She raked up the issue of alleged link between the Sahara group and top BJP leadership.
This is for the first time that a Cabinet Minister in the Mamata government has been arrested by the CBI in the scam. So far, the arrested persons included TMC members of Parliament Kunal Ghosh and Srinjoy Bose.
The CBI arrested Mitra after interrogating him for nearly five hours over the post he was holding in Saradha Group of Companies. The minister appeared before the CBI at the agency's office at the Salt Lake CGO complex on Friday morning in connection with the case. He has been arrested on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating, misappropriation and for deriving undue financial benefits from the Saradha Group.
He was summoned by the CBI in November 2014 but he checked into a government hospital instead barely hours before his scheduled appearance before the investigating agency, presumably to evade the grilling session. The CBI also arrested Naresh Balodia, legal advisor to Sudipto Sen and Saradha Group on charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and diversion of funds in the same case. Balodia had drafted the letter which Sudipto Sen had sent to the investigative agency, a CBI spokesman said.
Kunal Ghosh has also accused Mitra of being involved in the scam. Mitra won the Bishnupur Assembly seat of South 24 Parganas district in the 2009 bypolls. He represented the constituency perched in the southern fringes of Kolkata till 2011.
The Saradha Group, incidentally, started its operations from Bishnupur and, during Mitra's time, was in full flourish. Mitra lectured at the group's investors' meet and ushered heaps of praises on the "good work the company was doing".
He was, allegedly, also the president of the group's employees' association. His pictures with the discredited chairman of the Group, Sudipta Sen, was once seen proudly hung at the Saradha offices before they were quickly removed after the company collapsed in April, 2013.
3

Dineshwar Sharma to succeed Syed Asif Ibrahim as new IB chiefDec 13, 2014 at  05:03pm IST
Dineshwar Sharma to succeed Syed Asif Ibrahim as new IB chief
49
0
New Delhi: Dineshwar Sharma has been appointed as the next chief of Intelligence Bureau(IB). A 1979-batch IPS officer of Kerala cadre known for keeping a low profile, Sharma is heading the crucial counter-surveillance of IB and is credited with success in several clandestine operations of the the agency in that area.
Sharma, who hails from Bihar, will succeed Syed Asif Ibrahim whose tenure ends on December 31.
Sharma has served at various desks in Intelligence Bureau since he was posted in the organisation in 1991 which includes Kashmir, Northeast besides stints in Lucknow.
Sharma, who hails from Bihar, will succeed Syed Asif Ibrahim whose tenure ends on December 31.
Ibrahim, a 1977-batch Madhya Pradesh cadre IPS officer, had taken charge as IB Director on January 1, 2013.
21

Watch: Overdrive India s Superbike FestivalWatch: Overdrive India s Superbike Festival
Madan Mitra brought to Alipore Court amid statewide protest by TMCPosted: December 13, 2014 5:14 pm
 
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra, who was arrested by CBI in the multi-crore Saradha scam, was today brought to Alipore Court for production amid statewide protest by the supporters and workers of ruling Trinamool Congress.
To prevent any untoward incident around the court premises, there was unprecedented security blanket, as curious demonstrators waited on either side of the road from Gopalnagar crossing to Alipore police station.
The slogan-shouting supporters with placards in hand were vocal against the Modi government at Centre, terming Mitra’s arrest “a deep-rooted conspiracy.”
Many supporters were found to shower flower petals on the slowly moving vehicle carrying Mitra.
With processions, road blocks and effigy burning of the BJP leaders, Trinamool Congress on Saturday launched its statewide protest condemning the arrest of Mitra by CBI in the multi-crore Saradha scam.
Reports of demonstrations and blockades of roads and railway track poured in from various parts of the state, while TMC men also blocked Belvedere Road in South Kolkata, the route which Mitra was supposed to take for production in Alipore court.
A large number of party supporters and workers also gathered before the CGO Complex at Salt Lake, from where Mitra was brought to the court.
Mitra’s residential area Bhawanipore in southern part of the metropolis and his assembly constituency Kamarhati in northern suburbs witnessed massive processions and hour-long road blocks inconveniencing people.
Shops and business establishments were also forced to down shutters of their establishments.
Eastern railway sources said that the protesters put up a blockade over railway track in the morning at Purbasthali under Bandel-Katwa section and at Bhasila Road under Barasat-Hasnabad section.
Train service was disrupted over an hour during peak office hours. However normal train service was restored after the RPF and local police intervened.
Protestors also put up road blocks and took out processions in different districts, the police said.

Hinduja Group Buys UK s Iconic Old War Office BuildingHinduja Group Buys UK s Iconic Old War Office Building
Mamata Banerjee faces heat as her minister is arrested in Saradha scamMamata Banerjee faces heat as her minister is arrested in Saradha scam
Big production houses garner 70% revenue in Bengali film industry: surveyBig production houses garner 70% of revenue in Bengali film industry: survey
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Dec 13:  
The Bengali film industry has been seeing higher investments and released. But box office successes are few and far between.
According to a CII and IMRB International study, today over 120 Bengali films are released in a year.
“Compared to 2005, there is a three fold increase in the number of films made and is now quite similar to the number of releases in Kannada and Marathi markets”, said the report.
Big picture
The highest grossing Bengali film of 2013 was Chander Pahar. The box office collection of the film was over Rs 15 crore, an unheard figure in Bengali film industry.
The average investment in a year in Bengali film industry is around 180 crore. The revenue and its growth, however, do not match the buoyancy in the investment. “The industry is valued at Rs 120-150 crore in terms of expected revenue in 2014 and has shown negligible growth over last year”, the report noted.
According to industry estimates, not more than 10 per cent films released in a year break even and around a handful of films, typically 5-6 generate enough surpluses.
This is in striking contrast to the Marathi industry where despite being in close proximity to Rs 9,000 crore domestic Bollywood, operating profits are on the rise.
“Almost 70 per cent of the box office collection of Bengali films today is reclaimed by 22-25 films emanating from 3-4 large production houses. This has left a large number of individual producers, small players operating in the space on a short-term basis unable to recover their promotional expenses let alone production costs”, the reported recorded.
The industry experts believe that this current trend in Bengali film production is not sustainable. Home to acclaimed directors and actors, Bengali film industry produces 8 per cent of the total films made in the country but fails to account for a fair share of revenue.
TV viewership
Poor TV viewership and earnings compounded the problem further. Even a few years back, selling of satellite rights was a very lucrative option. The situation, however, has now changed drastically. Only about 35 per cent films are at present being bought by the channels.
Films performing badly in theatres directly affect their satellite rights, according to Saroj Mukherjee, chairman of distributors section at Eastern India Motion Pictures Association (EIMPA). Broadcasters are also affected by drop in advertisement revenues, generated by airing Bengali films. In general for regional films, and more specifically for Bengali cinema, the broadcasters are solely reliant on local advertisers.
The broadcasters are also threatened by the growing tendency among younger generation to turn their back on television. In order to retain them, the Essel Vision Productions Ltd (EVPL), a subsidiary of Zee Entertainment is now looking at doing films in regional languages, the report pointed out.
ETV Bangla has taken initiatives to launch a slew of telefilms. This enables a host of new talents to come to the fore and also serves as an interface for the audience to appreciate the best on the small screen. The efforts would also allow greater flexibility and utilization of resources, experimentation with new genres, with new scripts and rising stars.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Uber rape case: Delhi assault threatens image of online cabsTata Motors sales up 10 pct in December
A co-founder of GrabTaxi, Uber’s biggest competitor in Southeast Asia, remarked earlier this year that safety is so central to the online taxi booking business that some of his drivers feel like they are tracked at every moment – even when they go to the bathroom.
The Malaysian company and Brazil-based rival Easy Taxi made headlines over the past year by attracting over $400 million in investment. But a rape accusation against an Uber driver in New Delhi has thrown taxi apps under a different spotlight.
Uber has since been banned in the Indian capital, adding to bans or legal action in several countries including Spain, Thailand and the United States. Authorities’ common complaint is that Uber’s service includes private vehicle owners, which contrasts with GrabTaxi and Easy Taxi
Both use licenced taxi drivers, which helps their strategy to market themselves as safe for women in cities such as Jakarta. The transportation system in the Indonesian capital is among the region’s most dangerous for women, according to a survey by the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
With safety at the centre of their marketing strategy, the rape allegation against the Uber driver in India could threaten the image of these firms, whose investors include Japan’s SoftBank Corp and other international names.
“Women are our target audience,” said Nguyen Tuan Anh, general manager at GrabTaxi in Vietnam. The majority of the company’s passengers are women – as much as 70 percent in the Philippines.
GrabTaxi said it only works with drivers of taxi firms that check identity documents, driving licences and criminal records. It asks drivers to resubmit those documents upon signing up, and confirms that applicants are still contracted to taxi firms.
“Its drivers are all from known taxi brands so I don’t have to worry about safety,” said banker Bui Thi Thu Trang. The 30-year-old said she uses GrabTaxi frequently in Hanoi and has enjoyed numerous discounts and offers, which include vouchers for make-up from Shiseido Co Ltd.
Representatives from Uber in Vietnam did not respond to repeated requests for comment for this article. An Uber spokesman in Singapore did not provide comment.
GrabTaxi and Easy Taxi typically provide driver details such as photograph and phone number. GrabTaxi also allows passengers to “share” their trips online so family and friends can track their location. On both apps, pick-up points are chosen by the user.
“If it is late at night, without apps like this you’ve got to go on the street,” said Joon Chan, regional managing director for Easy Taxi, southeast Asia. Easy Taxi’s driver screening includes testing patience and cordiality, Chan said.
Park Byung Joon, head of the urban transport management programme at Singapore’s SIM University, said taxi booking firms need to improve processes to ensure the drivers they screen are the individuals driving their cars.
“I use taxis a lot in Singapore as well, but I hardly ever check” whether the driver matches the photo, he said. “When you finally check it … you are already sitting in the taxi.”
GrabTaxi, co-founded by Anthony Tan in 2012, reported a six-fold jump in users over the past year to about 500,000. It estimated 3 bookings are made through its app every second across Southeast Asia.
“Passengers in Thailand, Philippines, Malaysia – the big problem is safety,” Tan said in an interview with Reuters in May discussing GrabTaxi’s ride-tracking function.
Tan said one driver talked to him about safety features such as drivers’ photos and details. “‘My face is there in the cloud, tracking me all the way,'” Tan quoted the driver as telling him. “‘The cloud knows I’m going to the toilet, it’s staring at me.'”
 
Post Comments
More from industry

Inflation Eases to Record Low of 4.38% in NovemberYou are here: Home Economy
Inflation Eases to Record Low in November, October Factory Output Falls
NDTV | Updated On: December 12, 2014 18:03 (IST)
Arun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
Consumer price or retail inflation in November eased to a record low of 4.38 per cent from 5.52 per cent in October, but industrial output in October fell sharply by 4.2 per cent in October, government data showed on Friday. A cooling off in food prices accompanied by a sharp drop in global crude oil prices and high base effect contributed to the fall in inflation, analysts said.
Crude oil prices have dropped over 40 per cent since July, lowering India's import bill and reducing government spending on fuel subsidies.
Industrial output, on the other hand unexpectedly contracted, dragged down by a fall in the manufacturing and the capital goods sector. Analysts polled by Reuters had expected the output to grow 2.80 per cent.
Industrial production was upwardly revised to 2.8 per cent year-on-year in September from 2.50 per cent earlier.
November's inflation data and slowing of factory output will be a shot in the arm for those who want the Reserve Bank to cut rates quickly to stimulate growth. Last week, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had held out prospects for a cut in the policy interest rate - currently set at 8.0 per cent - early next year if inflation trends are favourable and the government controls its fiscal deficit.
Despite the improvement in inflation, the data suggests a lack of momentum in India's recovery from its weakest phase of economic growth since the 1980s.
With growth struggling at 5.3 per cent in the July-September quarter, it is likely to be some time before the country recaptures the 8 per cent growth levels needed to create enough jobs for a rapidly expanding workforce, analysts say.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Opposition attacks Govt over Sakshi Maharaj s eulogy for GodseBy: Press Trust of India | New Delhi |
Posted: December 12, 2014 12:22 pm | Updated: December 12, 2014 1:45 pm
A united opposition on Friday forced BJP member Sakshi Maharaj to express regret in Lok Sabha and withdraw his remarks terming Mahatma Gandhi’s assassin Nathuram Godse a patriot.
Congress President Sonia Gandhi joined opposition members in raising slogans against the government and the BJP member.
Soon after Speaker Sumitra Mahajan referred to the December 13, 2001 Parliament attack, members from Congress and RJD referred to the BJP MP’s controversial remarks.
When the Speaker informed that she has rejected notices on adjournment motion and suspension of Question Hour to take up the issue, opposition members from Congress, RJD, TMC and Left trooped into the Well raising slogans against the government and Sakshi Maharaj, who was present.
Amid slogans like ‘Hey Ram, hey Ram; Gandhi ke hatyare ko diya samman’ (eulogising Gandhi’s killer) and ‘doshi sarkar hai hai’ (down with the guilty government), the House took up Question Hour.
As the pandemonium continued, Mahajan adjourned the House for 10 minutes up to 11.25 AM.
As soon as the House reassembled, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said nobody can accept eulogising the assassin of Mahatma Gandhi. He said the government and the BJP do not agree with the proposition of the MP.
When Congress members said they were not satisfied with the Minister’s reply, Naidu shot back saying there are people who are “killing” the ideology of the Mahatma every day.
He said the opposition has no issue to raise still it is not allowing the House to function.
Disapproving the disruption, Mahajan said from tomorrow she will set aside the first five minutes for apologies.
Sakshi Maharaj rose to make a statement and said he respects the Mahatma and the House. “I withdraw my remarks.
But my friends have no issue…Godse killed Gandhi long back but you killed the Mahatma’s ideology in 1984 during anti-Sikh riots,” he said.
As Congress members opposed his remarks, the BJP member said he expresses “regret” and “withdraws” his remarks.
As Opposition members shouted slogans in the Well, Sonia Gandhi was seen directing her party’s MPs. From her seat in the front bench, she also joined them in raising slogans.
Leader of Congress party Mallikarjun Kharge said the opposition will not allow the government to have its way just because it has majority.
As the din continued, Naidu said the member has already withdrawn his remarks and the government and the party disassociate and condemn such statements.
He said Gandhi never threatened anyone and went by rules and the Opposition was going against his teachings.
At the prodding of the Speaker, Sakshi Maharaj rose again to withdraw his remarks and “express regret before the House and the country.”
The proceedings were observed by a Pakistani delegation of legislators, who were seated in the Speaker’s Gallery.
Earlier, Congress leader Jyotiraditya Scindia along continued…

Forex Reserves Down $1.6 Bn at $314.6 BnYou are here: Home Forex
Forex Reserves Down $1.6 Billion at $314.6 Billion as of December 5
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 12, 2014 21:37 (IST)
Rupee Weakens to 63.50 as Share Losses Hurt
Mumbai: India's foreign exchange reserves dropped by a massive $1.649 billion to $314.661 billion in the week to December 5, led by a fall in foreign currency assets.
In the previous week, the reserves had surged by $1.432 billion to $316.311 billion, data from the Reserve Bank of India showed on Friday.
Foreign currency assets (FCAs), a major constituent of overall reserves, declined by $867.4 million to $289.954 billion.
FCAs, expressed in dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation and depreciation of non-US currencies such as the euro, pound and yen, held in reserves.
The country's gold reserves, too, dropped by $753.2 million to $18.985 billion.
Special drawing rights (SDRs) decreased by $21.6 million to $4.208 billion, while the country's reserve position with the IMF dipped by $7.7 million to $1.513 billion during the week under review, the data showed.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 19:40 (IST)

Forex Derivative Forum moves SC to vacate stay on CBI probeUpdated: December 12, 2014 22:54 IST
Forex Derivative Forum moves SC to vacate stay on CBI probe
K. T. Jagannathan
company information
The Orissa High Court ordered the CBI to investigate the ‘offences on the basis of observations’ made during the course of its hearings in the case.
Tirupur-based Forex Derivative Forum, comprising members from the exporting community across the country, has moved the Supreme Court afresh seeking to vacate its stay on a Orissa High Court order for a CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) probe into foreign exchange derivative contracts entered into by various banks allegedly in violation of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) norms and FEMA (Foreign Exchange Management Act) provisions.
While seeking to implead itself in the case, the Forum wants the apex court to vacate its interim stay on the Orissa High Court order.
In December, 2009, the Orissa High Court allowed a writ petition filed by Pravanjan Patra, a tax consultant, in the form of a PIL (public interest litigation). The PIL sought the High Court to issue a ‘writ of mandamus’ directing the handing over of investigation of offences in foreign exchange derivative contracts to an independent agency, preferably CBI.
The Orissa High Court ordered the CBI to investigate the ‘offences on the basis of observations’ made during the course of its hearings in the case. However, the ‘aggrieved parties’ consisting of some leading banks formed an association called Fixed Income Money market Derivative Association of India (FIMMDA).
And, they moved the Supreme Court against the Orissa High Court order for CBI investigation. In an interim order in March, 2010, the Supreme Court stayed the Orissa High Court order. The Forex Derivative Forum has said that the CBI itself has found in its report that there is clear-cut violation of guidelines of the RBI.
The petition has asserted that the primary objective of the Forum in filing the instant application “is to assist exporters, firms, companies, and other business houses who have suffered enormous losses on account of forex derivative contracts sold by banks.’’
Also, the purpose of the Forum “is to advice the exporters in getting proper guidance to facilitate them to come out of the crisis.’’
The Forum is a registered association with 34 members from across the country and engaged in knitwear business. The Forum has alleged that its members ‘were enticed’ into buying exotic derivative products. In the process, they were forced to undergo huge losses. In some cases, they had to close down their entire operations, the petition has pointed out.
According to the petition, the derivative contracts “were routed cleverly by the unknown foreign entities through the Indian banking system, and the Indian economy was substantially wrecked.’’
‘Dubious contracts’
“The banks, in the interest of earning commission income for marketing these dubious contracts, misguided the exporters to sign many contracts with potential to incur enormous loss, which has no relationship with the underlying exposures of the exporters,’’ the petition has said.

Tata Bolt 1.2 Revotron: There is a lot more to this new hatchbackMercedes- Benz posts record sales in India during 2014
“Is this the new Indica?” Not my words. This was written all over the faces of curious onlookers when we were driving the soon-to-be-launched Tata Bolt in Udaipur. “This is not the new Indica, this is the new Tata” was my response, when a couple of them inquired.
Why new Tata? Because with the Bolt, and with the Zest launched earlier, Tata Motors hopes to bring about a difference in the way the company is perceived in the Indian market. The Zest, no doubt, was a good product; is the Bolt as good? More importantly, is the Bolt ready to take on the Swift and the Grand i10? Let’s find out.
Exterior
The Bolt resembles the Zest from the front—the elongated headlamps and honeycomb grille give it a stylish appearance. But move to the sides and you will realise it looks a lot like the Indica Vista. A focused look, however, reveals it is not. First, there are two prominent creases that run the length of the car. Then the blackened section around the rear windshield gives the roof a “floating” feel. The small tail-lamps look different and the number plate is placed on the tailgate. While the Bolt is a handsome evolution of the Vista design, we believe the job could have been done better; for example, the blackened section is not an integral panel like the one you find in the Elite i20, but appears to have been done using vinyl.
Interior
Tata cars are known for interior space and the Bolt is no exception. The car can easily accommodate five large-sized adults. While the boot space is decent, rear suspension towers intrude the luggage area. But the Bolt is not just about space, it is about quality. The cabin is nothing like you have seen in a Tata car before (of course, if you have not experienced the Zest). The knobs, the buttons, in fact most controls are precisely placed. Mention must be made of the new steering wheel, which is nice to hold. The cabin is in the league of both the Swift and the Brio, but falls short of the quality levels found in the Grand i10. An area where the Bolt stands out is its Harman-sourced infotainment system. The system, while playing good music, doesn’t have inbuilt navigation, but you can connect it to your smartphone and the maps get displayed on the screen. But then the screen is not as sharp as we would have liked.
On the centre console there are two buttons—one marked “Eco” and the other “Sport”. These are different driving modes of the engine—while in the “Eco” mode the car uses less fuel, and thus has lower acceleration, in the “Sport” mode more fuel is pumped into the engine, resulting in quicker acceleration. When neither of the modes are activated, it runs in the “City” mode—a balance of both.
Ride & handling
Today, 60% of Zest sales are composed of petrol variants; no wonder Tata only gave us only the Bolt petrol to drive—the diesel, anyway, is the tried-and-tested Fiat-sourced engine. The 1.2-litre Revotron turbo-petrol motor is refined. It is quiet, at least at slow speeds, and the way it pulls the car is commendable. Being an Indian car manufacturer, Tata knows the kind of roads the Bolt will be driven on, and has accordingly worked on the suspension. The result: satisfactory ride quality. We drove the Bolt on some rough patches in Udaipur and the car remained composed most times. When we took the car on the highway to Mount Abu, we found its straight-line stability to be good, too. However, cornering at high speeds makes the car go jittery, so it needs to be sweetly wheeled into the corners. The brakes are impressive and the top-of-the-line variant comes with ABS and EBD. While Tata didn’t reveal the top speed the Revotron engine is capable of, we found it easily crosses 140 kmph (in the Sport mode). However, the motor turns noisy at high speeds; add to that the wind noise that seeps into the cabin. It, clearly, is a city hatch. The Bolt, to begin with, won’t be offered with the AMT that we saw in the Zest. Tata hasn’t revealed its  fuel-efficiency figure either.
Verdict
While the Bolt feels robustly put together, its cabin quality is among the best in class and the Revotron motor is refined, for it to successfully challenge the Swift and the Grand i10, Tata has to play the price card well. We believe a starting price of a little over R4 lakh is good value for money for the car. Although changing brand perception will take time—Tata is anyway working towards that by providing customers a better shopping experience and dedicated service—the Bolt announces the arrival of a new Tata. In fact, the Bolt, as we got to know from Tata officials we met during the drive, is just a precursor of things to come from the company.
Post Comments
More from automobiles

Rajan for Incentivizing Domestic SavingsYou are here: Home Industries
RBI Governor Rajan for Incentivizing Domestic Savings
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 12, 2014 15:39 (IST)
Need to Rethink Strategy for PSU Banks: Banking Secretary
New Delhi: Ahead of the forthcoming Budget, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan on Friday pitched for incentivizing domestic savings to boost investments in the country.
"The income tax benefits for an individual to save have been largely fixed in nominal terms till the recent budget, which means the real value of the benefits has eroded. Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure that the country's investment is largely financed from domestic savings," Mr Rajan said.
He was speaking at the Bharat Ram Memorial Seminar in Ficci.
Mr Rajan said the domestic demand has to be financed responsibly and as far as possible through domestic savings.
"Our banking system is undergoing some stress. Our banks have to learn from past mistakes in project evaluation and structuring as they finance the immense needs of the economy," he said.
The RBI chief also said the banks would have to improve their efficiency as they compete with new players such as the recently licensed universal banks as well as the soon-to-be licensed payment banks and small finance banks.
"At the same time, we should not make their task harder by creating impediments in the process of turning around, or recovering stressed assets. The RBI, the government, as well as the courts have considerable work to do here," he added. On inflation, he said the RBI will have discussions with the government regarding the medium-term inflation band of 2-6 per cent.
"Going forward, we will discuss with the government an appropriate timeline in which the economy should move to the centre of the medium term inflation band of 2-6 per cent," the RBI Governor said.
Further on the monetary side, he said that a central bank focused primarily on keeping inflation low and stable will ensure the best conditions for growth.
"In reacting to developments, however, the central bank has to recognise that emerging markets are not as resilient as industrial economies. So the path of disinflation cannot be as steep as in an industrial economy because an emerging market is more fragile, and people's buffers and safety nets are thinner," he added.
A "Volker (former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker)" like disinflation was never on the cards in India, "but an Urjit Patel glide path fits us very well, ensuring moderate growth even while we dis-inflate", he added.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 15:32 (IST)

Lok Sabha Passes Bill on Coal Block AllocationsYou are here: Home Industries
Lok Sabha Passes Bill on Coal Block Allocations
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 12, 2014 21:32 (IST)
Need to Rethink Strategy for PSU Banks: Banking Secretary
New Delhi: The Lok Sabha on Friday passed a Bill which provides for fresh auction of 204 coal blocks de-allocated by the Supreme Court in September with the government allaying apprehensions of some parties that the legislation would lead to privatisation of the sector.
The Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill, which replaces and Ordinance promulgated in October, was passed by voice vote overcoming demands by some opposition parties it be sent to the Parliamentary Standing Committee for closer scrutiny.
The Bill provides for "allocation of coal mines and vesting of the right, title and interest in and over the land and mine infrastructure, together with mining leases, to successful bidders and allottees through a transparent bidding process".
"This will ensure continuity in coal mining operations and production of coal. The bill prescribes the conditions to rationalise the coal sector for mining operations, consumption and sale."
Replying to the debate, Coal Minister Piyush Goyal allayed concerns raised by some members that the new legislation would pave the way for de-nationalisation or privatisation of the coal sector.
"We are in fact strengthening" Coal India Limited, he said.
Contending that new law will encourage transparency as allocation would be made through e-auction, he said the effort was to undo the damage caused during the previous UPA government when coal blocks were "given free".
Responding to concerns about the workers' welfare, the minister said there are enough laws to protect their interest and the new law will give maximum benefits to the people displaced by coal mine projects.
"In all aspects, we have covered eastern states, interest of workers and overall economy of the country," Mr Goyal said.
Talking about the Ordinance as well as the Bill, the minister said timely action taken by the government would benefit the coal-producing states of Jharkhand, Chattisgarh, Odisha and West Bengal. Besides, it would be beneficial for the power sector and consumers as a whole.
"Lakhs of crores or rupees would be going to the coal producing states like Jharkhand, Chattisgarh, Odisha and West Bengal... Provisions are there in the bill to ensure that funds will go directly to these states," he said.
The Ordinance was issued in October to facilitate auctioning of the cancelled blocks and the first round would see auction of 74 blocks.
Referring to concerns raised by members about coal production in the country, Goyal said Coal India Limited has the potential to produce one billion tonnes of coal.
"Government is looking to further strengthen Coal India," the minister said while noting that more than 200 mines are yet to be explored by the state-run miner.
Clearances for mining and related activities at coal blocks would be faster in the present regime than what was seen before, he said.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 19:01 (IST)

Investors trapped due to their own greed: CB...Anil Sinha
("They (investors in ponzi…)
NEW DELHI: Gullible investors get trapped in ponzi schemes because of their own "greed", CBI chief Anil Sinha said today on the scam in which an estimated 25 lakh people have lost deposits in West Bengal and Odisha alone.
"They (investors in ponzi schemes) are not suffering because CBI is not investigating these cases. They are suffering because of other reasons," he said.
The CBI chief was asked whether he would like a policy where the agency is allowed to take up probe cases of ponzi scam in which majority of investors come from poor and lower middle class sections rather than wait for state governments.
"If we have to fight corruption in this country, there is a fundamental requirement that we have to fight our greed. When gullible people get trapped in such schemes, they are trapped because of their own greed...If we have to fight corruption, we have to have control on ourselves," he said at the Aaj Tak Agenda.
The 1979-batch IPS officer, who took charge of the agency on December 3, said he would not like to interfere in the work of other agencies who are mandated to probe such cases.
Sinha said all the steps taken in the case are based on the available "facts and evidence".
"...We have to work as per mandate given to us. There should be not interference," the CBI chief said.
The apex court had observed that more than 25 lakh claims have been received in Odisha and West Bengal which is indicative of the magnitude of scam in terms of number of citizens that were "defrauded by the ponzi companies".
He said he has directed his officers to work without fear and total impartiality without thinking about consequences and also ensuring that "unnecessary harassment" should be avoided.
Indicating that information on investigations will not come out easily in the open, Sinha said, "I strongly believe that very little information about investigations should come in public domain. Things which should not be in public domain, should not be in public domain at all. I can understand the curiosity of people but I cannot help that. There are very few things which we can put in public domain".
FEATURED ARTICLES

ISIS Twitter account handler Mehdi Masroor confesses | Father not aware of arrestISIS Twitter account handler Mehdi Masroor Biswas confesses
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 02.44PM IST
Tags:
@ShamiWitness
(Mehdi "confessed" he was…)
BENGALURU: In a major breakthrough, the alleged handler of the most influential pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account was arrested from an apartment here in the early hours today.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas has "confessed" he was handling the pro-jihad tweeter "@ShamiWitness" and he was particularly close to English-speaking ISIS terrorists, Karnataka DGP L Pachau told reporters here.
An engineer working as "manufacturing executive" with a Bengaluru-based multinational company for an annual package of Rs 5.3 lakh, he became "a source of incitement and information" for the new ISIS recruits, Pachau said.
Biswas, hailing from West Bengal, had admitted to operating "@ShamiWitness" twitter account for the last many years, he said, announcing the breakthrough along with Bengaluru Police Commissioner M N Reddi.
Cases had been registered against Mehdi under various provisions of IPC, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act, Reddi said.
Pachau said Mehdi had more than 17,000 followers on Twitter and used to "ferociously" tweet by aggregating information and closely watching developments of the region.
The Bengaluru Police had launched a manhunt for Mehdi after Britain's Channel 4 News had aired the report regarding the country's IT capital's link with the Twitter account that is followed by foreign jihadis.
Channel 4 News had said its investigation had revealed that the man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive in Bangalore working for an Indian conglomerate.
Mehdi was interested in the Levantine region, also known as Eastern Mediterranean, consisting of Cyprus, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria and part of Southern Turkey from 2003 onwards, Pachau said.
He used to work in the office during daytime and became active on the Internet at nights, he said, adding, he had bought 60 GB Internet connection on monthly basis to read all breaking news on websites relating to ISIS/ISL.
Pachau said through his social media propaganda, Mehdi abetted ISIL in its agenda to wage war against Asiatic powers.
Mehdi was careful in hiding his true identity and was confident that it would never get revealed, the state police chief said. "His identity was exposed by Channel 4 and inputs were passed on to the Indian agencies."
His parents live in West Bengal and he has two elder sisters, Pachau said. His father is a retired employee of the West Bengal State Electricity Board.
The British news broadcaster had not revealed Mehdi's full name as he said his life would be in danger. The account was shut down after the report surfaced.
  In its report, 'Channel 4' yesterday said the man operating the account had been able to remain anonymous "until now" and avoiding questions about his role in the Islamic State's propaganda war.
Channel 4 News had said its investigation had, however, revealed that the man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive with an Indian conglomerate in Bengaluru.
"His tweets, written under the name Shami Witness, were seen two million times each month, making him perhaps the most influential Islamic State Twitter account, with over 17,700 followers," it said.
On the basis of "credible intelligence inputs" received by Bengaluru city police about the presence of ISIS Twitter Ideologue @ShamWitness in the city, a special team was formed, Pachau said.
The team was working with help from Internal Security division of Karnataka and arrested the 24-year Mehdi from his one-room rented apartment, he said.
In a brief interview to Channel 4 "Mehdi" had said, "I haven't done anything wrong. I haven't harmed anybody. I haven't broken any law...I haven't raised any war or any violence against the public of India. I haven't waged war against any allies of India."
"....I want to state clearly that I won't resist arrest when the time comes. I don't have any sort of weapons with me," he had said in the two minute 12 second interview which ends abruptly.
The report had quoted the Twitter account operator as saying that he had not joined IS jihadist ranks in Iraq and Syria because his family was financially dependent on him.
The Shami Witness tweets contained jihadist propaganda as well as information for would-be recruits and messages praising fighters who have been killed as martyrs.
The IS militant group has made extensive use of social media for propaganda and recruitment, as well as for disseminating gory execution videos.
This is not the first time that Karnataka has been linked with global terror.
In 2007, London-based Kafeel Ahmed, a doctorate engineering student from the city, drove an explosive laden truck into Glasgow International Airport and died of injuries he received in the attack.
Riaz and Iqbal, brothers from the coastal town of Bhatkal in Karnataka, founded Indian Mujahidden which is blamed for about 21 terror attacks across the country with both remaining elusive.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rao discusses ITIR project with Union IT min...K Chandrasekhar Rao discusses ITIR project with Union IT minister Ravi Shankar Prasad
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 03.59PM IST
Tags:
Information Technology Investment Region
(The Union Minister asked…)
HYDERABAD: Minister for Communications and IT Ravi Shankar Prasad met Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao here today and discussed the upcoming Information Technology Investment Region (ITIR) project.
The Union Minister asked the state government to send a detailed proposal for enhanced financial assistance from the Centre for the ITIR project to be developed around the city, as Rao said the Rs 165 crore announced for phase-1 was "inadequate", according to the release from the Chief Minister's Office.
The chief minister briefed Prasad about the ITIR project that would come up in an area of 202 sq km in and around Hyderabad Metropolitan Area and will attract a total investment of Rs 2,19,440 crore over 25 years.
While the state government sought a financial assistance of Rs 4,863 crore from the Centre for creation of external physical infrastructure for the project, the latter agreed to extend only Rs 3,275 crore, including Rs 165 crore for phase-1, the chief minister said.
He said existing IT companies in Hyderabad are willing to expand their activities and needed facilities for education and health in the ITIR.
Rao also explained to Prasad the state's industrial policy brought out recently.
"The Union Minister assured the chief minister that he is always available for any assistance to the state in IT and communications fields," the release added.
Prasad also informed Rao that a separate postal circle for Telangana has been approved and the Chief Post Master General's post has been created.
State IT Minister K T Rama Rao, Chief Secretary Rajiv Sharma and other officials were present at the meeting.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Saradha case: Mamata hits out at PM Modi over Madan Mitra s arrestComments
A day after the  arrest of state minister Madan Mitra  over the Saradha scam, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee hit out against Prime Minister Narendra Modi calling it "political vendetta", while the BJP said she was panicking because of her "involvement."
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
"There are photos of the Prime Minister  with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that the CBI arrest the PM?" Mamata said at a protest rally held in the Maidan area. 
She said Trinamool Congress MPs will protest in Parliament against  the arrest of state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra who is also her close aide.Mitra was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for his alleged role in the multi-crore-rupee chit fund scandal. 
"Stay within your limits or face music," she warned the BJP and the Centre and added "People of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power."
Responding to her charges, the BJP in Delhi said Banerjee is pressing the "panic button" and "rattled" by the possibility that her "own
involvement" could come to light.
 
"Dare does not matter. Sometimes I can say these are politically motivated attempts...If anything which is linking
Mamata Banerjee with the scam, she would be investigated and interrogated by the CBI. It is for CBI to take that call and
not for me to direct the CBI,"BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi told reporters outside Parliament
 
"And it will be determined on the fact of the case and investigating material, which is before the police. I am no one to direct CBI, nor is the BJP. CBI is an autonomous institution," she added.
 
Lekhi said that if Banerjee has done anything wrong or committed any wrong in terms of conspiracy which has happened or if any link is found connecting her with Saradha scam "her dare will go away" because the law would then take its course.
Another party spokesperson G V L Narsimha Rao attacked Banerjee, saying she has "lost all her courage" and was making "adventurous comments" without offering an explanation on the alleged role of her party leaders.
"She is possibly rattled by the revelations and possibly fears that her own involvement in the scam would come to light," he said.
Opposition parties in West Bengal have repeatedly accused the chief minister of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
Meanwhile, West Bengal minister Madan Mitra was sent to CBI custody till Dec 16 by a Kolkata court
Rejecting the bail plea moved by Mitra's lawyers, the chief judicial magistrate's court sent him to four days' custody in connection with the ponzi scandal.
 The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case. 

Ask Matt: Can SeaWorld resurfaceAP
Q: Can SeaWorld resurface?
A: SeaWorld proves there is such a thing as bad press. Public opinion toward the aquatic animal theme park has turned negative, and investors hope a change at the top might be a way to come back up for air.
Shares of SeaWorld have lost more than 40% of their value this year as attendance suffers. It’s hard to pinpoint a single cause for the aversion of some consumers to SeaWorld. But the 2013 documentary Blackfish, which portrayed SeaWorld’s treatment of animals including killer whales negatively, certainly hasn’t helped. SeaWorld says the movie is sensationalized and inaccurate. The damage has been done. During the third quarter, attendance declined 5.6% to 8.4 million visitors and revenue fell 7.9% to $495.8 million.
Falling revenue has pressured the bottom line, with profit during the quarter plunging 28%. Investors are hopeful the resignation of CEO Jim Atchison in January might signal a “move to a fresh start,” says Tuna Amobi of S&P Capital IQ. But a fresh start won’t be easy. The company announced plans to restructure its 11-park empire, a move that will include job reductions. Additionally, investment is needed to upgrade some of the animal environments. Amobi sees the business improving in 2015, but still rates the stock a “hold.“
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

President Pranab Mukherjee complains of stomach upset  admitted to Army hospitalBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 12:29 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 4:24 am
President Pranab Mukherjee was admitted to Army Research and Referral Hospital here Saturday morning, with unconfirmed reports suggesting he had undergone angioplasty.
However, both Rashtrapati Bhavan and the hospital maintained that Mukherjee had been admitted after he complained of discomfort in the stomach.
He was rushed to the hospital after preliminary examination by doctors at Rashtrapati Bhavan. They advised rest in the hospital for the night.
“The President has a stomach ailment. Tests are being performed… He is stable,” a senior Rashtrapati Bhavan official said. Refusing to confirm or deny reports that Mukherjee had undergone angioplasty, the official added, “He will be back at work on Monday.”
An official at the hospital said: “The President complained of indigestion. Preliminary tests have been done and he is under observation. He will be here at least till Sunday.” Sources said Mukherjee is staying in the presidential suite at R&R.
The President celebrated his 80th birthday last week.
 

Martin Salia: Sierra Leone Surgeon who Died of EbolaMartin Salia: Sierra Leone Surgeon who Died of Ebola
Outlook: Indian rupee expected to remain weak against US dollar; buy on dips  says Anindya BanerjeeIndian rupee pares initial losses, down by 2p vs US dollar
Indian rupee remains an interplay of global and domestic factors. Currently, global macros and financial market themes are the dominant forces that is guiding the rupee. Domestic policymaking is more or less moving at a desired pace with Centre trying hard to build a consensus in the all-important bill on Goods and Services Taxation. Lok Sabha has passed the bill on commercial coal mining in the country and now its needs ratification of the upper house. The insurance bill is expected to sail through, which aims to provide increased foreign capital in the sector. However, disinvestment process has suffered delays and in the meantime many of the PSUs who have been flagged for disinvestment have fallen in value since the announcements. With fiscal deficit having reached nearly 90% of the budget estimate, Government of India (GOI) might find it difficult to stick to the 4.1% GFD target. As a result, we can see cut in planned expenditure, which can harm growth and or announcement of special dividend from the profit making PSUs.
We hope that GOI does not employ the statistical jugglery which the previous government did, by rolling over expenditure to next year, to stick with GFD estimates. We believe quality of fiscal deficit matter more than just quantity. At the same time disinvestment proceeds would be better used for generating quality capital assets, rather than to become a bridge towards a budget goal. It is not a prudent policy to sell family silver to pay one’s daily expenses.
Somebody who has been watching the mini carnage unfold in the broad spectrum of asset classes would not be wrong in thinking, as whether time has come for the chickens to come home and roost. Years and years of uncontrolled financial experiments from the major central banks from the developed world and also from emerging markets, to stimulate economies through the backdoor, have created, as some think, a giant liquidity feeding financial asset mania. With the oil collapsing, as if it was some marginal commodity, questions have started to be raised about the growth prospects of the world economy. Midst this carnage in asset markets, our own Rupee has lost some ground against the Euro, Pound and Yen and also dropped to a fresh 10 month low against the US Dollar.
During the early part of the week, in our research note, we had talked about the gravitational pull of collapsing petroleum prices on the risky financial assets. Over there we about the negative information feedback loop of oil on global equity and high yield debt market. Infact last year, between January and April, Gold prices had collapsed by over 20%, bewildering many as to why in the midst of a full scale QE3, have Gold fallen so much. However, as it turned out to be that from May of that year, US Dollar began a scorching rally against the EM currencies. Gold, apart from its appeal for ornamentation, is also used as a hard currency, owned by central banks, to diversify some of their fiat (paper currency) currency reserves. Gold and US Dollar, are two global currency competitors who generally move opposite to one another. Therefore, a collapse in Gold prices almost front-runned the EM currency rout against the US Dollar that unfolded in summer of last year.
Similarly, petroleum is one of the most important and widely used industrial commodity and hence it has strong linkages with global growth, and as a result, should correlate with the appetite for risk in the financial markets. With Oil prices having collapsed by nearly 50% since end June 2013 has sent a shockwave through the high yield debt market. Many of the oil exploration plays in the shale reserves of US and oil sands of Canada are financed by high yield debt or as popularly known as junk bonds. At the same time, many of these oil and gas plays have had taken financing from financial institutions. Additionally the US shale boom and Canadian oil sands boom had part financed the consumption and investment surge in those countries. Not to forget the plunge in oil revenues for OPEC and non-OPEC producers.
There are fears that some of the oil producing and natural resource nations, who do not have pretty state finances, can find it difficult to service their debt. Hence, we believe investors need to pay attention to the developing dynamic in the resource sector and its impact on the risky financial assets in general. Over the last one week, global equity markets have played in sync with plunging commodities. As a result, Yen and Euro carry trade saw some unwind pressure as well, leading to gains in the two currencies against the US Dollar and Rupee as well.
Over the past week, economic data from India has been mixed with industrial growth contracting in October but consumer inflation falling to a multi-year lows. Industrial production has contracted by 4.25% y/y in November with manufacturing leading the decline with 7.61% contraction. One can argue that due to the shutdown of telecom equipment plan of Nokia, manufacturing registered a sharp plunge. However, ex-Radio, TV and communication equipment & apparatus, which strips out effect of Nokia, we find that the IIP growth has slowed down from 7.1% in September to 2.7% in October. Infact ex-telecom, IIP growth has been trending down since July of this year. Within IIP, mining registered a growth of 5.22% and electricity production jumped by 13.3%. Over the rest of the year, we expect IIP, ex-telecom to register a rebound, though effect on Nokia can continue to haunt the headline for a couple of more months.
India’s consumer price inflation slowed sharply in November to 4.4% year over year, slowest pace since January 2012, making the case for interest rate cuts in 2015 more compelling. The current CPI is well below RBI’s short term target of 8% and medium to long term target of 6%. However, a very high base effect will begin to wane from December and as a result, CPI can show a statistical jump between December to March of next year. But with commodity prices and hard assets caught in a deflationary trend, we expect CPI to remain subdued, well anchored around the medium term target of 6%, plus minus 1%. As a result, we can see RBI take the path of monetary accommodation but the pace of cuts may be gradual and spread over many months. RBI governor has talked about the need for real rates to stay positive to stimulate saving and controlling inflationary expectation in the economy. It therefore means that he can be far more conservative than his predecessors, who allowed interest rates to fall below inflation and stay there for a considerable period of time.
In global economic data, US economy held more promise than others, as its employment survey known as JOLTS job openings, rose to the second highest level in the last 10 years, retail sales rose more than expected and also the consumer confidence ticked higher to level not seen since January 2007. In Euro zone, industrial production data disappointed and also the uptake from the second tranche of the TLTRO was lower than expected. We had expected uptake from TLTRO, or targeted LTRO from the ECB, to be better than last September but nowhere close to ECB’s expectation. Banks would not like to borrow from ECB at 15 bps and park the same with the central bank as deposit, as the rates on deposits have been reduced to negative 20 bps. Additionally, banks have less incentive to play the carry trade on sovereign bonds as yields in the 4-5 year bucket have collapsed beyond interest. Hence, only banks who had been flagged by the ECB in its latest stress test scenario would have wanted to show interest in the ECB’s liquidity.
In UK, NIESR forecasted growth of 0.7% y/y in GDP in November, in line with October data but manufacturing output and construction output both contracted in October. Chinese growth sagged, as Bloomberg’s gross domestic product tracker came in at 6.78 percent year-on-year in November, down from 6.91 percent in October. Industrial output rose 7.2 percent y/y, retail sales gained 11.7 percent, and investment in fixed assets expanded 15.8 in November. Japan national industrial activity surveys failed to impress and its core machinery orders contracted by 6.4% m/m in October.
OUTLOOK: Over the next week, we have a full plate as far as economic docket goes. We start of the week with exit poll outcome from the Japan’s snap national election followed by Tankan economic survey. Euro zone economic survey will be released on Monday and so will be the reports from ECB on covered bond and ABS purchases. On Tuesday we have the flash PMIs from Euro zone and China followed by UK inflation, UK prudential regulation authority bank stress test results and German ZEW investor sentiment reading. We will roll into Wednesday for some major event risks, in the form of Greek presidential elections and the US FOMC rate decision. Thursday has the German IFO’s business climate survey, china property price data well as US services PMI. During the last day of the week, Bank of Japan takes to stage to present their monetary policy, where the words of the governor will be keenly watched. At the same time on Friday, Japan economy minister Amari is scheduled to speak on the future of Abenomics, and we sense the possibility of hints about fresh fiscal stimulus from him.
India is scheduled to report its wholesale price inflation for November as well as the merchandise trade numbers for the same month. WPI is expected to show a decline below 1% and merchandise trade deficit is expected to show up between USD 12-14 billion. Indian Rupee is expected to remain weak against the US Dollar. We have been advocating buying on dips for so many months now and we will continue to stay with the positioning. Over the near term Rupee can slip towards 62.80/63.00 levels on spot and resistance remains around 61.80/62.10 levels on spot. Technically, USD/INR has given a breakout from a muti-month congestion, which has targets of 64.00 and above, but with central bank on the front foot as far intervention goes, we are not sure whether market will be able to express their view freely. As a result we would look at more measured pace of depreciation. Against the Yen and the Euro, Rupee remains a carry play, so during times of risk aversion, these two currencies can continue register strong gains. Similarly, a risk-on mood can cause Rupee to bounce back strongly against the Euro and the Yen. Thefeore, for traders looking for fast moving currency pairs, they need to keep an eye on Eur/INR and Yen/INR. GBP/INR is expected to be ranged between 96.50/97.00 and 99.50/100.00 for some more weeks.
By Anindya Banerjee, analyst, Kotak Securities
Post Comments
More from bankingampfinance

J&K people have shown their faith in Indian democracy: ModiBy: Press Trust of India | Kathua (jk) |
Posted: December 13, 2014 6:06 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 6:28 pm
Terming the ongoing Assembly election as “historic”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on December 13 said people of Jammu and Kashmir have shown their faith in Indian democracy by participating in large numbers in the polls which the world is closely watching.
“People of Jammu and Kashmir have shown full faith in the Indian democracy and given a strong message to the world. This has scripted history in independent India.
“This election has become very important for integrity and sovereignty of India. …They (people of Jammu and Kashmir) have introduced Indian democracy to the world through the massive polling in Jammu and Kashmir elections. You have done a great work,” Modi said.
Hitting out at the previous government in New Delhi for all the ills in Jammu and Kashmir, he said “the work which could not been done by governments sitting in New Delhi, you (J&K people) have done it by pressing a simple button of EVM”.
Modi said that by pressing the electronic voting machine, people of the state have given a clear message to the world that the EVM is more powerful than the AK-47.
“Several elections, including Lok Sabha polls, have taken place in recent times in which Modi came out victorious. Recently Haryana, Jharkhand, MP elections were held. But in the entire world, the elections in J&K are being discussed.”
“Why are only the J&K elections being discussed across the world. What is the reason? The reason is over 70 per cent of polling,” he said.
Seeking votes for a majority government of BJP in J&K for overall development in the state, Modi said, “The destiny of Jammu and Kashmir will only change through development. J&K needs schools, roads, water, power and health services. For this we need your support”.
Referring to the surcharged election environment in Jammu and Kashmir, Modi said the scenario was like none seen before.
“When I used to visit the state in the past, I used to see people doing their chores without any dreams and zeal in their lives. There was no shine in their eyes and they had dejected look on their faces. They were living in an environment of hopelessness,” he said.
After thirty years of “hopelessness and despair”, he said the dreams of people have come alive again and this makes him feel very happy.
“Keep your happiness and dreams alive. Don’t allow your dreams to die. This is my luck that I am able to witness lakhs of people before me (attending my rallies) which no political leader or party has seen till now.”
“Before this, Jammu and Kashmir people have given such a blessing to no other political leader. The love and affection, you have given me, I will return it with interest by ensuring development,” he said.
In a bid to strike chord with the people of Kathua, Modi invoked contribution of Praja Parishad and Jan Sangh, which spearheaded an agitation for the integration of Jammu and Kashmir with the Indian Union.
“It is land of Praja Parishad. It is continued…

Dineshwar Sharma appointed new IB chiefWritten by Vijaita Singh , Santosh Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 6:05 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 2:33 am
The government formally appointed senior IPS officer Dineshwar Sharma as the next chief of Intelligence Bureau (IB), a designation, which he will continue to hold for the next two years. Sharma’s name was cleared by the Appointments Committee of Cabinet (ACC) headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Sharma succeeds Syed Asif Ibrahim, whose term ends on October 31.
A 1979-batch IPS officer of Kerala cadre, Sharma has also worked with National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval during his earlier stint as IB chief. Doval also belonged to Kerala cadre. Sharma was the head of state Intelligence Bureau of Uttar Pradesh when Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh was the chief minister. He was currently handling establishment work and, till two years ago, headed the “X” branch, which looks after all the vital intelligence collection in the country, including the political desk.
“He has been IB’s ground worker for long is known for his non-flamboyant work style. He has ears to the ground and takes deep interest in the welfare of his officers and team,” said a senior IB official.
He added that Sharma enjoys the confidence of the present political leadership and was appointed to the post despite being the number two in the race. He beat Ashok Prasad who is senior to him in the hierarchy.
Originally from Bihar, Sharma has long been on deputation to the IB and has never served in his home state. He did his primary education from Pali village in Bihar and later went to Gaya for his graduation. Sharma first qualified for Indian Forest Service and later for IPS. Sharma is the third officer from Bihar after CBI director Anil Kumar Sinha and new SPG IG Vivek Srivastava to head a central agency.

Will scrap law punishing suicide attempt victims: Narendra ModiWritten by Arun Sharma | Kathua |
Posted: December 13, 2014 5:50 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 12:31 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said that his government will scrap the law providing for punishment to a person who attempts to commit suicide.
“Normally the law provides for punishment to a person for committing the crime. However, there is a law in our country which provides for punishment for having failed to commit the crime,” he said referring to provision for jail to a person attempting to commit suicide.
Elaborating, he told people at a rally in Sports Stadium here that “You may be surprised that there has been a law which sends one to jail if one wants to end life and survives due to failed attempt. So far as one going to jail after committing a crime is understandable, but not the one getting punishment for being unsuccessful in committing a crime,” he added.
After coming to power, his government had consultations over the issue, Modi said, adding that the government shall look into the circumstances compelling a person to end life. “He needs sympathy and not the punishment… We need to understand his pain and the grief,” he said, adding that the one desiring to commit suicide needs to be advised that the path chosen by one is not correct.
“The one needs to be persuaded not to end one’s life and have faith that there will be solution to one’s problems,” Modi said, adding that “this law would not be allowed to remain in existence”.
He also referred to another law requiring a job seeker get one’s certificates attested from a gazetted officer. Pointing out that one had to stand in queue for hours and sometimes even pay money for it, Modi said that his government ended this unnecessary practice after coming to power.
“Today in the age of zeros copies, one needs to trust people of the country. However, one’s original certificates can be checked after one gets the job,” he added.

TN CM urges PM to withdraw MoEF clearance on new damTN CM urges PM to withdraw MoEF clearance on new dam
ISIS Twitter account handler Mehdi confessesISIS Twitter account handler Mehdi confesses
Akhilesh Yadav challenges BJP to convert himCommuter rage, arson after suburban train services disrupted
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has alleged that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) was “misguiding” people in the name of religious conversions and challenged the saffron party to “try and convert” him.
“People gave BJP most seats in the recent Lok Sabha polls. But the party is fooling the same people on the name of religious conversion,” the chief minister said.
Yadav threw a challenge before the BJP, saying it should “try to convert him to another religion”
Referring to the plans of a “mass conversion ceremony” in Aligarh, announced by a Hindu outfit, Yadav said that it was the responsibility of the district administration to maintain law and order and arrest the trouble makers.
District authorities in Aligarh today issued a warning to those trying to disturb communal amity while asking citizens not to get provoked ahead of the proposed December 25 ceremony.
The leaders of Aligarh-based Hindu Jagaran Samiti had announced a mass conversion ceremony of Christians and Muslims, described by them as “homecoming”, at a local college here on December 25.
Following this, a delegation of Christian leaders met the DM today to express their concerns on the statements and were given an assurance by him that he would look into the matter.
Hindu Jagaran Samiti had announced its plan for mass conversion on December 25, which was welcomed by the local BJP MPs who said people are within their rights to choose their religion.
Post Comments
More from miscellaneous

Spice launches Stellar MI 520n smartphone at Rs 6 999Spice Mobiles has expanded its Stellar smartphone series with the launch of Spice Stellar MI 520n, available exclusively on ecommerce marketplace Amazon at Rs 6,999.
ADVERTISEMENT

No proposal to impose restrictions on FDI in retail: GovtDec 12, 2014, 04.16 PM IST  | Source: PTI
No proposal to impose restrictions on FDI in retail: Govt
India permits 51 percent FDI in multi-brand retail and 100 percent overseas investments in single retail sector.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
No proposal to impose restrictions on FDI in retail: Govt
India permits 51 percent FDI in multi-brand retail and 100 percent overseas investments in single retail sector.
Post your opinion here
 
There is no proposal to impose restrictions on foreign direct investment (FDI) in the retail sector, Parliament was informed Friday.
"There is no proposal to impose restriction of FDI in retail and agriculture sector in the country," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said in a written reply to the Lok Sabha.
The reply assumes significance as the minister had earlier said that the government will not "entertain" foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail trading.
India permits 51 percent FDI in multi-brand retail and 100 percent overseas investments in single retail sector.
Replying to a separate question on free trade agreement, she said that India and the European Union are presently negotiating a bilateral Broad based Trade and Investment
Agreement (BTIA).
"So far 15 rounds of negotiations have been held. The last engagement between both sides was held in May 2013 in New Delhi. Since then, EU had largely disengaged from the negotiation. However, recently a meeting was held between both sides to take stock," she said.
RELATED NEWS

ArcelorMittal  Tata Steel may start hedging iron oreArcelorMittal, Tata Steel to start hedging iron ore, say sources
Maytaal Angel     London   Last Updated: December 12, 2014  | 20:51 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
ArcelorMittal and Tata Steel, the top steel firms, are dipping their toes into iron ore derivatives, marking a crucial milestone in developing trade for the mineral, which is the world's second-largest commodity after oil.
Although the steelmakers continue to say publicly they do not use such products, sources said ArcelorMittal hedged a block of iron ore trades in September, while Tata recently decided to use derivatives on a small scale in 2015.
"Arcelor are definitely trading iron ore swaps, they were active in September. But it's not being pushed top-down - they're trying to figure out how to organise themselves," a source with knowledge of the matter said.
A separate source said the decision to hedge at Tata Steel had been taken at board-level.
Both steelmakers declined to comment, but have previously said they oppose iron ore and steel derivatives on the grounds that such instruments can give speculators undue price influence.
Iron ore derivative volumes are set to reach some 550 million tonnes this year, having roughly doubled every year since their launch by the Singapore Exchange in 2009.
Steelmakers and merchants in China, which is by far the world's biggest iron ore consumer, embraced the products.
Now, with the cautious entry of ArcelorMittal and Tata, a trend could be set in motion whereby smaller rivals follow suit, speculators jump in and volumes soar even further.
"The entry of the mills could bring the derivatives market to a tipping point fairly soon," said Steve Randall, managing director of price-setting agency The Steel Index.
"I expect next year we'll see over 1 billion tonnes of iron ore derivatives traded. That's getting close to the 1.3 billion tonnes of physical seaborne iron ore traded each year," he added.
The popularity of iron ore derivatives coincided with an explosion in spot market volumes around five years ago, when the market moved from annual benchmark pricing to shorter-term contracts based on daily indices. That raised price volatility and the need by industry participants to better manage risk.
Prices of iron ore, a key raw material for steel , have been volatile in 2014, falling 48 per cent. While this should increase hedging needs, some experts say weak prices might temper enthusiasm among smaller steelmakers for hedging.
"High-cost iron ore producers have been priced out of the market, so price volatility could ebb next year. Smaller steelmakers could then say iron ore is not that volatile so why hedge," an industry source said.
However, most agree the script for iron ore has been set. They note that steelmakers are already under pressure from their clients to use derivatives in order to offer supply contracts that have prices fixed for several years.
"We're approaching investors who we want to sell windmills to and if we have a big risk on the steel element it makes us less attractive. One-year contracts are good but we'd like two-to three-year contracts," said Nikolag Ager Hamann, from the procurement department at wind-farm developer Dong Energy.
(Reuters)

Oil spill in Bangladesh threatens aquatic animalsUpdated: December 13, 2014 04:46 IST
Oil spill in Bangladesh threatens aquatic animals
AP
Tweet
AP
Oil slick line the banks of the Shela River after an oil tanker sank in one of the world's largest mangrove forests, threatening wildlife in the UNESCO World Heritage site of the Sundarbans in Bangladesh.
TOPICS
environmental issues
Authorities in Bangladesh were urgently assessing environmental damage in one of the world’s largest mangrove forests on Friday after an oil tanker sank, threatening wildlife in the UNESCO World Heritage site, officials and local media said.
The oil tanker carrying more than 350,000 litres of bunker oil sank on Tuesday on a major river flowing through the Sundarbans after being hit by a cargo vessel.
Officials said on Friday the slick had spread over up to 70 km of the Shela river, a major sanctuary for aquatic animals in the Sundarbans. At least 20 canals connected with the Shela as well as another major river, Pashur, have also been affected.
The oil spill is threatening several types of animals including rare Irrawaddy dolphins, a senior official of the Bangladesh Forest Department said.
“The risk of damage to the biodiversity is high but we have yet to confirm any deaths of major animals including dolphins and crocodiles,” said Tapan Kumer Dey, chief conservator of forest wildlife.
The sunken oil tanker was salvaged on Thursday, more than 30 hours after it sank, and two of its six containers were badly damaged, said M. Giasuddin, an official of the company that owns the vessel.
“Several teams are desperately trying to determine the immediate impact. We are closely monitoring the situation as this is a major disaster,” Mr. Dey said. “We have spotted dolphins coming out of the water for air and going down again in some places,” he said. “Crocodiles’ movement in the affected areas has been less after the disaster and we are trying to determine actually what happened to them.”
Dhaka’s Daily Star newspaper said oil has covered grasses and other plants on the banks of the rivers. It quoted a local resident as saying that he spotted two dead animals, a monitor lizard and an otter.

India Can Achieve 8-9% Growth Rate: Manmohan SinghArun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
New Delhi: India can achieve a growth rate of 8-9 per cent provided there is a "national consensus" on methods to take advantage of the globalised world, said former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, whose tenure saw the economy registering three years of 9-plus growth rate.
"I think that even though many other emerging economies are not doing too well, India has an opportunity to move towards a growth rate of 6-7 per cent and thereafter to 8 per cent," Mr Singh said while delivering a lecture at Ficci.
He said the country is poised to take advantage of globalisation and engage in trade to finance its imports through exports.
"Today we cannot grow in isolation... India is well placed to take advantage of this situation provided we evolve a meaningful national consensus to move ahead," he said.
Except for India, other emerging economies - such as Brazil, Russia and South Africa - are not doing well, Mr Singh said, adding that the country is poised for a 8-9 per cent growth.
"We are working towards a growth rate of 8-9 per cent. There are opportunities, there are risks. India is currently at least poised to create a milieu in which the growth story of India can be another worthwhile chapter in the evolving global economies," he said.
Indian economy was growing at over 9 per cent for three years before it was impacted by the global financial crisis of 2008. The growth rate fell to sub-5 per cent in two consecutive fiscal years - 2012-13 and 2013-14.
In the current fiscal year, the government estimates the growth to be between 5.4-5.9 per cent.
Mr Singh said a meaningful solution to India's problems of poverty, ignorance and diseases can be found only in the framework of rapidly expanding economy.
"There is a broad consensus that we need a growth rate of 8-9 per cent to create 10-12 million jobs every year if we have to conquer unemployment within our life-time," he said.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 22:43 (IST)

Delhi: Airport employee beaten up  arrested for molesting 40-year-old flierComments
A 32-year-old airport employee was arrested on Thursday for allegedly molesting a woman outside Terminal 3 of the Indira Gandhi International Airport.
The 40-year-old woman said she was waiting for her brother outside the airport on Thursday night when she noticed a man staring at her.
“When she objected, the man started abusing her and held her hand. She raised an alarm and other passengers nabbed the accused and beat him up. A police team reached the spot and arrested the man,” said a senior police officer.
The accused has been identified as Shravan, a resident of Mangolpuri in Outer Delhi.
He is employed with a ground handling company at the airport.
The woman, who had landed in Delhi from Dubai by an IndiGo flight, claimed that the Uber cab rape incident had shaken her and so she had decided not to take a taxi alone.
“We have collected CCTV footage from nearby areas. Initially, no one helped the woman but later when she entered into an argument with the accused, others intervened,” the officer added.
A video that has surfaced on the internet shows the woman beating the accused, who appeared to be drunk. The woman is seen shouting at police personnel present at the spot for not taking any action.
A case has been registered under sections 354 (assault or criminal force against a woman with the intent to outrage her modesty) and 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of Indian Penal Code. The accused was produced before the court, which sent him to Tihar Jail.

Delhi airport s fog preparedness will be put to test from next weekDelhi airport's fog preparedness will be put to test from next week
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 10:11 PM IST
Grounded planes and stranded passengers have been a common sight at airports in Delhi and north India during winter for several years.
While disruptions depend on the severity of fog,  Delhi’s Indira Gandhi International Airport says it is now geared up to minimise the fog impact through better co-ordination with airlines.
“The biggest challenge for us will be to manage morning base departures and handle passengers in case of disruption. As per regulations, while aircraft will be able to land in visibility of 50 metres, no plane will take off until visibility is 125 metres. We have 60-65 planes parked in Delhi, which takeoff between 5 am and 8 am. In case there is a shutdown, the terminals can get crowded as we could have as many as 8,000 passengers waiting for departures,” said Marcel Hungerbuehler, chief operation officer of Delhi International Airport Ltd (DIAL).
The airport  has three runways, which can simultaneously handle 78 aircraft movement each hour. It is also the busiest airport in the country with about 850-900 movements daily and the only one to be equipped with CAT IIIB instrument landing system, which enables landing in 50 metre visibility.
"The most important thing we have done at the Delhi airport is setting up of the airport collaborative decision making procedure. We are the only airport in India to implement this and it has been a big advantage. It has representatives of ATC, domestic airlines and DIAL and collectively pre assign departure slots when ever the weather clears up. Since departures can get piled up in case of closure, airlines inform the priority and sequence for its own departures and accordingly ATC assigns engine startup and aircraft push back time. This is a transparent process and it eases VHF radio congestion and helps in reduce fuel burn on the ground,'' he added.
"We are expecting low visibility operation to begin by Tuesday or Wednesday. The lowest visibility we have had till now is 600 metres on one of the runways,'' he said.
In the last few years, Delhi has seen the thickest fog formations during December 22-January 1 with runway visibility dropping below 50 metres and resulting in suspension of airport operations.
Last winter, Delhi airport saw visibility drop below 50 metres for a total of 90 minutes. Low-visibility operations under CAT IIIB conditions (visibility ranging from 50-175 metres) were carried out for 56 hours between December 15 and February 15.
Both aircraft and pilots need to be rated for low visibility operations. In January, DGCA had penalised three airlines by withdrawing six landing slots at Delhi airport for not using pilots and planes equipped to land in foggy conditions.
In the last three years, 289 fog-related light diversions took place from Delhi prompting the Directorate-General of Civil Aviation to draw up an action plan.
This includes improved flight planning and installation of CAT IIIB facilities in Jaipur and Lucknow which serve as diversion airfields for Delhi. The facilities, however, will be operational only in next year.
Arrival procedures have been streamlined and pilots have been instructed not to hold over Delhi airport waiting for improvement in weather. This instruction has been put in place in January after an Air India aircraft diverted and landed in Jaipur with almost zero fuel. Diverted flights will get priority in arrival upon resumption of operations.
Hungerbuehler says boarding is carried only on the basis of latest weather updates and forecasts. Some times departures get held up in Delhi because destination weather is bad.
WINTER WOES
Delhi airport is the only one in the country equipped with ILS CAT IIIB facilities which enables aircraft to land in visibility of minimum 50 metres. However, visibility requirement for aircraft takeoff  at Delhi airport is 125 m
 
Planes need to be equipped and pilots need to be trained to operate in CATIIIB conditions
 
Delhi airport is busiest in the country with 850-900 aircraft movements each day. Disruption of operations in Delhi thus has a cascading impact on airline movements across country
 
DIAL says it is geared to minimise the impact of fog-related disruptions through better co-ordination with airlines and has put more amenities for passengers

Rabi acreage might be 1-1.5 mn hectares less than last yearRabi acreage might be 1-1.5 mn hectares less than last year
Sanjeeb Mukherjee | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 11:03 AM IST
After a steep fall in manufacturing output in October, there are concerns in the agriculture sector as well.
Sowing of rabi crops, which started on a sluggish pace, maintained its weak run during the week ended December 12, triggering concerns that overall acreage might remain 1-1.5 million hectares less than last year.
According to the latest data from the agriculture ministry, sowing of kharif crops has been completed in around 47.07 million hectares till Friday as against 50.36 million hectares during the same period last year. The normal area covered during the same period is around 62.41 million hectares. Normal area is the area covered during the last five years and acts as a strong indicator of the sowing progress. In 2013-14, rabi crops were sown in around 60 million hectares.
Low acreage during the rabi season, coupled with drop in kharif production has also fuelled fears that farm growth in 2014-15 is expected to be around 2.5-3%, down from 4.7% in 2013-14. Farm growth had slipped to 3.2% in the second quarter of 2014-15 financial year as against 5% during the same period last year. In the April-June quarter it was 3.5%.
As per the government’s first advance estimate, foodgrains production in 2014-15 is expected to be around 120.27 million tonne, around 9 million tonnesless than last year.
Production of rice is expected to be 88 million tonne as against 91.69 million tonne last year, while that of coarse cereals is expected to be 27.05 million tonne as against 31.25 million tonne last year. 
Wheat, which is the biggest foodgrain grown during the rabi season, has been planted in around 24.19 million hectares as against 25.13 million hectares during the same period last year. The normal area under wheat is around 29.71 million hectares during the same period.
“A clear picture on rabi acreage will emerge around end of December, but going by the trend so far it seems acreage of most crops will remain less than 2013,” a senior agriculture ministry official said.
He said the main reason for the drop in area has been low moisture on soil due to poor southwest monsoon and also delayed harvest of preceding kharif crops. “There could be a fall of around 1-1.5 million hectares in rabi acreage this year,” another official said.
The data showed that among other crops, pulses have been planted in around 11.13 million hectares, around 11% less than the acreage in same period last year.
Oilseeds have been sown in around 6.99 million hectares, down from 7.53 million hectares during the same period last year. “Its not that southwest monsoon has been deficient this year, but since then there has been very little rainfall activity,” the official said. 
Data from India Meteorological Department (IMD) showed that from October to December 12, the southwest monsoon has been around 34% below normal. Usually, the country receives around 112.1 millimeters of rains, but this year it has received just around 74.5 millimeters of rains.
The only saving grace has been the reservoir level in 84 major reservoirs across the country, water in which was estimated at 97.41 billion cubic meters as on December 11. This was 63% of their total storage capacity and 84% of last year’s storage.
Rabi Acreage In Million Hectares (Till December 12)
Crops

Salman Khan is the Richest Indian Celebrity in Forbes ListYou are here: Home Industries
Salman Khan Is The Richest Indian Celebrity In Forbes List
NDTV | Updated On: December 15, 2014 12:41 (IST)
Need to Rethink Strategy for PSU Banks: Banking Secretary
Salman Khan has emerged as the celebrity with the highest earnings in 2014, according to a Forbes list. The actor grossed earnings of Rs 244.5 crore in 2014, according to the magazine.
It is for the first time in three years since Forbes started the rankings that Shah Rukh Khan has been toppled from the top spot. Shah Rukh Khan's money ranking in 2014 dropped to number 2 with earnings of Rs 202.4 crore. His fame rank dropped to seven, leaving his overall ranking at number 3. Salman was number 1 on both counts in 2014- another first, Forbes said.
Celebrities are ranked on two counts - money and fame - in the list. ( See full list )
Shah Rukh's slip in the rankings was mainly owing to the fact that he had no film releases in 2014 (The period under consideration was October 1, 2013 to September 30, 2014), whereas Salman Khan had two big releases in the form of Jai Ho and Kick and substantial earnings as a reality television host.
Amitabh Bachchan was second in overall ranking and third in the money rankings with earnings of Rs 196.75 crore. His fame rank was 4.
Indian cricket captain MS Dhoni was ranked at number 4 in overall ranking with earnings of Rs 141.8 crore. His money rank was 5, while his fame rank was 3.
With earnings of Rs 172 crore, actor Akshay Kumar rounded off the top 5.
Story first published on: December 14, 2014 16:06 (IST)

US cautions India against trade with Russia | Stalemate continues on military pactsYou are here: Home > Collections > Ukraine
US has no problem with India engaging Russia; cautions against trade deals
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 02.27PM IST
Tags:
India-Russia relationship
(The US has cautioned that…)
WASHINGTON: The US has said it has no problem with India's engagement with Russia, but cautioned that it was not the right time to have trade deals with Moscow because of a series of international sanctions against it.
"It does not mean that India should not engage with Russia," a senior State Department official said when asked about the official US statement in the last few days that this is not the time to do business with Russia.
"We engage with Russia on Iran. We engage with Russia on a range of issues," the official said, requesting anonymity.
US Secretary of State John Kerry and his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov yesterday discussed over phone the situation in the Middle East, including recent developments in Israel, the West Bank and the region, as well as current initiatives at the UN, a top State Department official said.
"It (not doing business with Russia) just means that countries around the world do not move forward with same kind of economic relationship which they have done in the past given that sanctions that are put in place by a number of countries," the official said, referring to the US and EU sanctions against Russia over Ukraine crisis.
"Does this mean that the kind of deals that India has done (with Russia during the just concluded visit of President Vladimir Putin ) should not have done?" the official was asked.
"I would not say that. I understand that there are a range of countries that have relationship with Russia including India," the official said acknowledging the history of strong India-Russia relationship .
It is a complicated world, the official said. "Our relationship with India is incredibly important to us. We have an important economic relationship. You can have a range of discussions behind the scene diplomatically, privately, which you do not necessarily say publicly," the official said.
Meanwhile, the State Department said Putin's just concluded India visit would have no impact on the visit of President Barack Obama to New Delhi to attend the Republic Day Parade as the chief guest.
"No," State Department Spokesperson Jen Psaki told reporters when asked if Putin's visit would have any impact on Obama's trip.
"India remains an important partner. Obviously, our economic relationship is a big part of what we continue to work on," Psaki said.
She was quick to point out India's stand on several Russian actions in past including that in Ukraine.
"I'd remind you India doesn't support the actions of Russia and the actions - their intervention into Ukraine. They've (India) been pretty outspoken about that as well," Psaki said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ONGC declares interim dividend of Rs 5 per shareONGC declares interim dividend of Rs 4,277 crore
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 10:44 PM IST
The board of state-run petroleum explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) has approved an interim dividend payment of Rs 4,277 crore for the current financial year. The board approved 100 per cent dividend, paying Rs 5 per equity share of Rs 5 each, to shareholders.
“The total payout on this account will be Rs 4,277.7 crore out of which the government of India will receive Rs 2,948 crore on its shareholding,” the company said in a statement. The firm would also pay a dividend distribution tax of Rs 855.5 crore in addition. The payment of the interim dividend for shareholders will start from 18 December.
Last fiscal, ONGC had declared an interim dividend of hundred per cent or Rs 5 per equity share of Rs 5 each on 8.555 billion shares that was paid in December 2013. The board had approved a second interim dividend of Rs 4.25 per equity share or 85 per cent on the equity share of Rs 5 each for 2013-14. Thus, the total interim dividend added up to Rs 9.25 per share of Rs 5 each or Rs 7913.83 crore.
The massive dividend payout comes at a time the government is hard pressed for money.
The company also said it has notified the board of three discoveries including a gas discovery in its nomination deep water block, KG-OS-DW-III, in KG-basin off the east coast; an oil and gas discovery in the Mumbai offshore basin and Thirunagari gas discovery in the Cauvery basin.

Eunuchs contribute constructively to  Swachh Abhiyan  in Madhya PradeshDec 13, 2014 at 04:54pm IST
Eunuchs contribute constructively to 'Swachh Abhiyan' in Madhya Pradesh
52
0
Bhopal: Madhya Pradesh Panchayat and Rural Development Minister Gopal Bhargava on Saturday said roping in of eunuchs into the cleanliness drive under the 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' across the state has yielded encouraging results.
"We have roped in more than 200 members of the third gender including a former mayor and ex-MLA in the cleanliness drive. And their involvement has borne fruits," Bhargava told reporters.
He said that were not charging a penny from the government and are voluntarily working towards making MP a clean state.
Eunuchs are glad to have been approached for an initiative involving social good.
Bhargava said that with the help of eunuchs, the problem of open defecation has become a thing of the past as they actively campaigned against the social evil.
Also, eunuchs are glad to have been approached for an initiative involving social good.
In a novel step, each eunuch has been assigned 15 villages to spread the message of cleanliness, sanitation and hygiene, he said.
Besides, Self Help Groups (SHG) too were given a target to build three lakh toilets in the state.
The third gender has also been involved in the ambitious 'School Chalo Abhiyan' to enhance enrolment in schools at primary and other levels.
The Minister also informed that in order to address the problem of lack of toilet facilities in households, the government has decided to provide homes with a toilet to newly wed brides under the Kanyadaan Yojna besides other goods.
For connecting each and every village with an all-weather road, it has been decided that Rural Road Development Authority (RRDA) will construct roads in villages with a population of 500 and above while for levels below that, Rural Engineering Services will build roads under Chief Minister Gramin Sadak Yojna (CMGSY) which has been constituted on the lines of PMGSY.
195

TCS Planning Staff Restructuring Aimed at 25 000 Senior EmployeesTCS Planning Staff Restructuring Aimed at 25 000 Senior Employees
Saradha scam: West Bengal Madan Mitra remanded in CBI custody till December 1635
0
Kolkata: West Bengal Transport Minister and Trinmool Congress leader Madan Mitra on Saturday evening has been remanded in Central Bureau of Investigation's custody till December 16 in multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam case. The Minister was arrested by CBI on Friday evening.
Earlier on Saturday the standoff between TMC and Bharatiya Janata Party continued, as TMC workers protested outside Alipore court over West Bengal Minister Madan Mitra's arrest in the multi-crore Saradha chit-fund scam.  Reacting to the arrest, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee had dared Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the BJP leadership to arrest her. "Kalidas axed the branch of the tree he was sitting on. Those in power in Delhi are doing the same. Governments come and go, democracy remains forever. Those in power in Delhi must remember this," said the Chief Minister.
Mitra is the first Cabinet Minister in the Mamata government to be held by the CBI in the scam. So far, the arrested persons included TMC members of Parliament Kunal Ghosh and Srinjoy Bose.
Mitra has been remanded in Central Beauro of Investigation's custody till December 16 in multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam case.

Hinduja group acquires iconic London buildingHinduja group acquires iconic London building
Dineshwar Sharma appointed new IBchiefWritten by Vijaita Singh , Santosh Singh | New Delhi |
Posted: December 13, 2014 6:05 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 2:33 am
The government formally appointed senior IPS officer Dineshwar Sharma as the next chief of Intelligence Bureau (IB), a designation, which he will continue to hold for the next two years. Sharma’s name was cleared by the Appointments Committee of Cabinet (ACC) headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Sharma succeeds Syed Asif Ibrahim, whose term ends on October 31.
A 1979-batch IPS officer of Kerala cadre, Sharma has also worked with National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval during his earlier stint as IB chief. Doval also belonged to Kerala cadre. Sharma was the head of state Intelligence Bureau of Uttar Pradesh when Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh was the chief minister. He was currently handling establishment work and, till two years ago, headed the “X” branch, which looks after all the vital intelligence collection in the country, including the political desk.
“He has been IB’s ground worker for long is known for his non-flamboyant work style. He has ears to the ground and takes deep interest in the welfare of his officers and team,” said a senior IB official.
He added that Sharma enjoys the confidence of the present political leadership and was appointed to the post despite being the number two in the race. He beat Ashok Prasad who is senior to him in the hierarchy.
Originally from Bihar, Sharma has long been on deputation to the IB and has never served in his home state. He did his primary education from Pali village in Bihar and later went to Gaya for his graduation. Sharma first qualified for Indian Forest Service and later for IPS. Sharma is the third officer from Bihar after CBI director Anil Kumar Sinha and new SPG IG Vivek Srivastava to head a central agency.

Will scrap law punishing suicide attempt victims: NarendraModiWritten by Arun Sharma | Kathua |
Posted: December 13, 2014 5:50 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 12:31 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said that his government will scrap the law providing for punishment to a person who attempts to commit suicide.
“Normally the law provides for punishment to a person for committing the crime. However, there is a law in our country which provides for punishment for having failed to commit the crime,” he said referring to provision for jail to a person attempting to commit suicide.
Elaborating, he told people at a rally in Sports Stadium here that “You may be surprised that there has been a law which sends one to jail if one wants to end life and survives due to failed attempt. So far as one going to jail after committing a crime is understandable, but not the one getting punishment for being unsuccessful in committing a crime,” he added.
After coming to power, his government had consultations over the issue, Modi said, adding that the government shall look into the circumstances compelling a person to end life. “He needs sympathy and not the punishment… We need to understand his pain and the grief,” he said, adding that the one desiring to commit suicide needs to be advised that the path chosen by one is not correct.
“The one needs to be persuaded not to end one’s life and have faith that there will be solution to one’s problems,” Modi said, adding that “this law would not be allowed to remain in existence”.
He also referred to another law requiring a job seeker get one’s certificates attested from a gazetted officer. Pointing out that one had to stand in queue for hours and sometimes even pay money for it, Modi said that his government ended this unnecessary practice after coming to power.
“Today in the age of zeros copies, one needs to trust people of the country. However, one’s original certificates can be checked after one gets the job,” he added.

President Pranab Mukherjee complains of stomach upset  admitted to ArmyhospitalBy: Express News Service | New Delhi |
Posted: December 14, 2014 12:29 am | Updated: December 14, 2014 4:24 am
President Pranab Mukherjee was admitted to Army Research and Referral Hospital here Saturday morning, with unconfirmed reports suggesting he had undergone angioplasty.
However, both Rashtrapati Bhavan and the hospital maintained that Mukherjee had been admitted after he complained of discomfort in the stomach.
He was rushed to the hospital after preliminary examination by doctors at Rashtrapati Bhavan. They advised rest in the hospital for the night.
“The President has a stomach ailment. Tests are being performed… He is stable,” a senior Rashtrapati Bhavan official said. Refusing to confirm or deny reports that Mukherjee had undergone angioplasty, the official added, “He will be back at work on Monday.”
An official at the hospital said: “The President complained of indigestion. Preliminary tests have been done and he is under observation. He will be here at least till Sunday.” Sources said Mukherjee is staying in the presidential suite at R&R.
The President celebrated his 80th birthday last week.
 

Book online for Taj entry tickets from ChristmasBy: Press Trust of India | Agra |
Posted: December 13, 2014 6:46 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 7:04 pm
This Christmas onwards you won’t have to stand in long queues to buy tickets to enter Taj Mahal as the Archaeological Survey of India is launching the online booking of entry tickets facility.
“All arrangements have been made and our systems are in place. The trial will begin December 25. It has taken us a long time to work on this project which will change the image of the ASI,” Superintending Archaeologist, Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), N K Pathak said.
The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) will be the service provider of the e-ticketing facility, in collaboration with the National Institute of Smart Governance, he said.
After one month trial of the e-ticketing facility at the Taj, the ASI would extend the similar facility to other monuments, managed by it.
ASI officials said the e-tickets will have security features including bar code, and bar code scanners would be installed at the entry gates.
The ASI is training its staffs for effective and efficient use of the facility, which is likely to put an end to the long queues at the ticket counters.
Tourists had to stand for long hours in queues to buy entry tickets.
Tourism circles in Agra have welcomed ASI’s initiative saying the facility would help check resale of entry tickets and fake tickets by unscrupulous elements.
It is said that the ensuing online facility would also help the ASI in managing the number of visitors.

Saradha case: Mamata slams Modi  says Mitra s arrest  political vendettaComments
A day after the  arrest of state minister Madan Mitra  over the Saradha scam, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee hit out against Prime Minister Narendra Modi calling it "political vendetta", while the BJP said she was panicking because of her "involvement."
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
"There are photos of the Prime Minister  with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that the CBI arrest the PM?" Mamata said at a protest rally held in the Maidan area. 
She said Trinamool Congress MPs will protest in Parliament against  the arrest of state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra who is also her close aide.Mitra was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for his alleged role in the multi-crore-rupee chit fund scandal. 
"Stay within your limits or face music," she warned the BJP and the Centre and added "People of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power."
Responding to her charges, the BJP in Delhi said Banerjee is pressing the "panic button" and "rattled" by the possibility that her "own
involvement" could come to light.
 
"Dare does not matter. Sometimes I can say these are politically motivated attempts...If anything which is linking
Mamata Banerjee with the scam, she would be investigated and interrogated by the CBI. It is for CBI to take that call and
not for me to direct the CBI,"BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi told reporters outside Parliament
 
"And it will be determined on the fact of the case and investigating material, which is before the police. I am no one to direct CBI, nor is the BJP. CBI is an autonomous institution," she added.
 
Lekhi said that if Banerjee has done anything wrong or committed any wrong in terms of conspiracy which has happened or if any link is found connecting her with Saradha scam "her dare will go away" because the law would then take its course.
Another party spokesperson G V L Narsimha Rao attacked Banerjee, saying she has "lost all her courage" and was making "adventurous comments" without offering an explanation on the alleged role of her party leaders.
"She is possibly rattled by the revelations and possibly fears that her own involvement in the scam would come to light," he said.
Opposition parties in West Bengal have repeatedly accused the chief minister of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
Meanwhile, West Bengal minister Madan Mitra was sent to CBI custody till Dec 16 by a Kolkata court
Rejecting the bail plea moved by Mitra's lawyers, the chief judicial magistrate's court sent him to four days' custody in connection with the ponzi scandal.
 The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case. 

ISIS Twitter handler Mehdi s father says he is not aware of arrestISIS Twitter handler Mehdi s father says he is not aware of arrest
UltraTech Cement MD ensured stability for firmStory
Defying the odds
By cutting costs and focusing on new markets, OP Puranmalka has ensured stability for UltraTech during tough times.
Mahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
OP Puranmalka, managing director, Ultratech Cement | Best CEO: Cement (Large companies) | (Photo: Rachit Goswami)
The efforts of India's largest cement manufacturer, UltraTech Cement, to cut costs and increase operational efficiency at a time when demand has slackened have started paying dividends. The company is enjoying huge premiums compared to its peers and the capital markets too seem to be eager to buy its stocks. "It is my top pick among the large cement companies," says Mihir Jhaveri, Director, Institutional Research at Religare Capital Markets.
About OP Puranmalka
The game-changer for the Aditya Birla Group company was its move to replace coal with pet coke as fuel. While the cost of coal in the past two years in the international market was around $60 a tonne, the cost of pet coke was only around $25 to $35 a tonne. While this has helped the company cut cost, the higher calorific value of pet coke compared to coal helped it improve its operational efficiency as less quantity of fuel needs to be moved from the source to plant site.
"We have increased the use of pet coke to 40 per cent. Today, all our kilns and thermal power plants have multi-fuel capability that allows flexibility depending on fuel price. We have also increased the logistics efficiency by shortening the turnaround time of trucks at our plants and by installing technology solutions like GPS and RFID," says O.P. Puranmalka, Managing Director, UltraTech Cement. Jhaveri of Religare says that the company's peers like Ambuja Cements too tried to change its fuel mix by adopting pet coke but could not get it right. "ACC did not have much chance to manoeuvre as its cement plants were old," he says.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best CEOs 2014
In the last few years, demand has not kept pace with industry expectations. "Most players have created capacities based on rosier demand situation that used to exist in the past. This has led to surplus capacity and put pressure on prices. The increase in input costs has compounded the situation," says Puranmalka.
He says that the past couple of years has been the worst period for the cement industry. "The sector grows 1.2 times of GDP, but in the last couple of years it has seen a growth of only 0.3 to 0.35 times. The government initiative on infrastructure and housing will boost demand," he says.
The other nominees: Cement (Large companies)
A veteran, Puranmalka has a good grasp of the cement industry. He has ensured growth for the company in these tough times through a series of capex initiatives such as brownfield expansion, new captive power plants and acquisitions. "We acquired the 4.8-million-tonne plant of Jaypee Cement in Gujarat and entered the Middle East with the acquisition of ETA Star's assets. Limestone and gypsum are the key raw materials and we are taking steps to secure raw material sources for our future growth," says Puranmalka.
According to him, in the cement business, plant size matters. "Bigger plants with a capacity of 4.5 million tonnes a year give us better economy of scale and operating performance. Considering the size of the Indian market and demand forecast, capex is the way to grow. We have also realised the need to rationalise our capex to conserve cash for use during challenging times," he says.
According to Jhaveri, on the cost front too UltraTech stands out compared to its peers. "The EBITDA-to-tonne for UltraTech was Rs 780 as against ACC at Rs 540 [for the second quarter of 2014/15]," he says. The industry average was Rs 685 a tonne. The consolidated capacity of the company is 63 million tonnes and in the next one year it would be 70 million tonnes. Running at 76 per cent capacity utilisation, the plan is to up production according to demand. "At 70 million tonnes capacity, assuming an eight per cent growth, we will need to add six million tonnes a year to grow faster than the industry," says Puranmalka. During the slowdown, the company got closer to its customers by setting up grinding units and bulk terminals across India.
Puranmalka says demand has already picked up with an 8 per cent growth in the first half of 2014/15 compared to one per cent in 2013/14. "The order book is strong with huge projects like the metro in Ahmedabad, Nagpur and Delhi, a low-cost housing project in Rajasthan, a dam in Andhra Pradesh and concretisation of roads in Tamil Nadu," says Jhaveri.
According to Manish Bhandari, managing partner and CEO at Vallum Capital, a Mumbai-based portfolio advisor, UltraTech is best placed to take the advantage of the government spending. "The seeds have been sown with the right investment on capacity and infrastructure building, and it's just a matter of time that they bear the fruit of success," he says.

AK Balyan steers Petronet with innovative solutionsAnilesh S Mahajan      Follow @anileshmahajan    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
AK Balyan, MD & CEO, Petronet LNG | Best CEO: Oil & Gas (Mid-sized companies) | (Photo: Vivan Mehra)
Energy is what drives Ashok Kumar Balyan. The 63-year-old has spent a lifetime dealing with oil and gas. The CEO of Petronet LNG (PLL), the country's biggest gas importer, has luck on his side, too. His tenure, which started in 2010, has coincided with the country moving towards greener fuel, and the global gas prices calming down.
"There is demand for more gas. And I see it only growing in the days to come," says Balyan. India imported 49 mmcmd (million metric cubic metre per day) gas in 2013/14. The country's demand for gas was 242.66 mmcmd in 2012/13, and is projected to grow to 378.06 mmcmd by 2016/17, according to petroleum ministry documents. The domestic gas supply remained stagnant at around 110 mmcmd in the last four years, especially after the fall in production at Krishna-Godavari D6 basin. Given this scenario, the pie of imported gas is only expected to grow. Various gas trade tracking agencies expect India's import of gas to touch 143 mmcmd by the end of 2016/17.
About AK Balyan
The LNG prices have been dropping consistently. The spot LNG for December delivery to Asia (Japan-Korea Marker) has plunged by 29.4 per cent, according to energy tracker Platts. Indian imports are approximately $3 to $4 per unit cheaper than this marker. The average price quoted on this marker for December delivery is $12.5 per mmBtu.
"At current prices, the gas imported from any corner of the world is competitive in Indian market," says Balyan. "GAIL has committed imports from the US, Petronet imports from Australia. All we need is good import facility and pipeline network," he adds. The imported gas accounts for 25 per cent in the gas pool account, and PLL's market share in this is more than 66 per cent. The import capacity of the country is 22.5 million tonnes per annum (mtpa), out of which PLL has 15 mtpa.
IN PICTURES: India's Best CEOs 2014
On his recent visit Down Under, Prime Minister Narendra Modi stressed that he foresees India as a gas-based economy. So at a time when the country's gas production is increasing at a snail's pace, the role of Balyan becomes vital.
And he has stiff competition. Most of PLL's principal promoters, ONGC, BPCL, IOCL and GAIL, have plans in LNG business. ONGC, along with BPCL, has already got clearances for setting up a 3 mtpa import capacity at Mangalore and IOCL has plans to set up a 2.5 mtpa unit near Chennai. Shell, GSPC and Adani Group are also keen on this business. "The cake is increasing, so will our pie. But we don't know how serious these players are," says Balyan. He understands that most of his PSU counterparts would require PLL expertise in setting up their facilities. In the past, PLL assisted GAIL to commission the latter's port and facility at Dabhol.
Meanwhile, the NDA government at the centre is working out a policy to pool the imported and cheaper domestic gas. The policy may allow consumers to pay a levellised price of gas. Balyan, who is part of the initial consultations, says the policy will ensure increasing demand in the market. Right now, he is busy strengthening Petronet's reach and tackling glitches. For instance, the Gangavaram project in Andhra Pradesh, which faced delay in clearances because of political uncertainty, is now clear of all road blocks.
Meanwhile, Petronet is facing delivery challenges at the newly commissioned Kochi LNG terminal, where it could utilise only two per cent of its 5 mtpa capacity. Reason: GAIL, which has a mandate to lay pipelines there, is facing challenges from farmers who cite their first right of use. Undeterred, Balyan came up with an innovative business model.
PROFILES: India's Gladiators
Petronet LNG leased out the storage capacity in Kochi to UK's BG Group. "They will just have to pay for the storage," says Balyan. "Kochi port is in SEZ area, and gives leverage on taxes. Which makes this business lucrative for us and the partners."
"The gas is available in the international market. There is huge demand for this greener fuel in the country. This means that we just have to figure out good business models to leverage the current scenario. In the last few years we are focusing on this," says Balyan. PLL's unit in Dahej allows its customers to use the facility to import and process the gas, other than using only the conventional method of sourcing from PLL.
The other nominees: Oil & Gas (Mid-sized companies)
So the fortunes of Petronet are inextricably linked to Balyan's skills. He joined as CEO of Petronet LNG after working in ONGC for over 34 years, where he grew to be director of HR division and served on the boards of several subsidiaries. ONGC relied on Balyan, when it chose to diversify into the utilisation of alternative energy. "He was very active, an excellent manager and had a special knack of understanding commercial aspects," says his former boss R.S. Sharma, who was part of the panel that roped in Balyan in PLL. Narendra Taneja, national convener of BJP's Energy Cell, describes Balyan as an innovative business leader. "He has taken Petronet LNG to new heights."
Never one to rest on laurels, Balyan is busy expanding the company's capacity. Petronet LNG has a 10 mtpa import and storage unit at Dahej in Gujarat and another 5 mtpa capacity at Kochi. Balyan got the go ahead to expand Dahej's capacity to 17.5 mtpa by 2019. "Dahej has four storage tanks and two more are being built as part of the expansion," explains Balyan. Dahej, with an incremental project cost of Rs 1,000 crore, will be Asia's largest import facility. Given his track record, Balyan may well deliver on this promise, too.

Food Spot: Dish of blissA new restaurant called Amreli.
Special Arrangement
A new restaurant called Amreli.
Special Arrangement
A new restaurant called Amreli.
TOPICS
food and dining (general)
When Delhi was a hick town, not so long ago, we were always on the lookout for places where we could have a good meal. There weren’t too many of those, and the few that were there either had Indian fare, or Chinese. But right next central Delhi was a quiet place that only foodies knew about. This was Hotel Diplomat in Chanakyapuri where you could get the most delicious steaks. But that was then.
Once Delhi opened up, you could throw a stone and hit a restaurant offering steaks. We all forgot about Hotel Diplomat’s steak corner, though some of us did nostalgically recall its juicy fare every now and then.
So here’s good news for those who went to the hotel then — and those who are still to go there. The hotel has opened a new restaurant called Amreli.
The publicists describe it as a cross between a London diner and a classic bistro. I describe it as a place which offers very, very good food.
Hotel Diplomat, as you all may know, is on Sardar Patel Marg. Amreli, the restaurant, is indoors and outdoors.
The outside area is nice and sunny, and the indoor restaurant has been tastefully done up, with the walls lined up with art. And that’s not surprising, for the owner, a young man called Sidhant Lamba, is also an interior designer.
I was happy to be sitting inside for another reason – outside sat a group of people with several miniature versions of Dennis the Menace.
But I forgot all about the noisy little imps when the food came. The menu, designed by celebrity chef Sabyasachi Gorai, is eclectic, and includes a wide variety of very interesting dishes.
I left the choice to Lamba – and he offered me a mix of cuisines. I had some Kerala dishes – appams (Rs.125), a very nice egg appam (Rs.195), meen moilee (Rs.695) and mutton stew (Rs.595). I enjoyed them all, especially the fish dish.
What I enjoyed even more were some of the other dishes that I was offered. One was a delicious take on eggs Benedict, called Keema eggs Benedict (Rs.325) – a poached egg placed on a bed of keema with pao on the side. I loved it, as I did the filo raan (Rs.595), which was meat from the leg of lamb wrapped in a filo pastry.
The meat melted in the mouth, while the envelope was crusty and crisp. I really enjoyed it and thought it was a wonderful way to present raan.
I also had a charcoal grilled boti kabab, which was nice to eat but not memorable.
There’s a large menu for vegetarians, too. I tasted their char grilled mushrooms (Rs.375).
The menu includes karela banana fry (Rs. 245), apple, amaranth and beetroot salad (Rs.425), Kerala veg stew (Rs.425), and all kinds of pastas and sandwiches. Amreli is a place that I need to go back to – this time with family and friends.
I can picture myself sitting there under the sun on a crisp winter’s day, biting into a filo raan.
That’s called bliss.

All set to blow the roofUpdated: December 12, 2014 17:32 IST
All set to blow the roof
ANURAG TAGAT
Looking forward to meet the audience
TOPICS
music
Major Lazer, the DJ trio are on a three-city tour to India. Their Bangalore show, tomorrow, is going to bring the skies down
Think moombahton, and you might conjure up a carnival-esque sound in your head, or, if you’re even slightly clued into electronic music, you’ll think it’s great dance music. A combination of electronic music like house and reggaeton, moombahton has become more than just your hipster’s way of asserting their cool quotient.
Part of its mainstream acceptance can be attributed to Major Lazer, comprising three DJ/producers – Walshy Fire, Jillionaire and Diplo. Of the three, Diplo has been instrumental in pushing the group to global fame, which is one of the reasons they’re coming down to India for a three-city tour organised by Vh1 Supersonic Arcade in partnership with Mumbai event organisers Oji.
After stopping by Mumbai and Gurgaon, the trio are all set to blow the roof off at Bangalore’s Ezone Club in Marathahalli on Sunday, December 14.
Metroplus caught up with Diplo over an e-mail interview about what he thinks about hashtags, previously travelling to India and collaborators.
Excerpts:
Did you know they're promoting your show with the hashtag #ChutneyHype? If you're not familiar with that, tell me the first thing you think of when you hear those words.
The only thing I think of when I hear those words are Trinidad & Tobago.
What is it like coming to India after playing all across the world? Is it just about marking places off the map right now?
We haven’t played here yet but we’re excited.
We want to see how hard our Indian fans will bring it.
You’ve worked with several big names like Snoop Dogg and Bruno Mars - how do you choose your collaborators? Is there a wishlist that you’ve kept and some people you’d still love to collaborate with?
Sometimes we think and ask ourselves, “Who can do this best?”
At other times, we just happen to be all together working on Something and out pops a record.
You've been to India before, if I'm not wrong. When and what was that like?
I came to India years ago to help out with the Red Cross and decided to explore. Travelled around.
If you could take any of your collaborators on the road with you, which one (or five!) would you pick and why?
Hmm... Bruno Mars is the funniest dude ever. Chainz too.
What was it like recording your first album at Tuff Gong Studios?
It was loud.
Is there going to be a bit of downtime for relaxing while you're India or are you playing and jetting off?
India is tight. We are shooting a Major Lazer music video right now. I gotta get dressed!
VH1 Supersonic Arcade with Oji presents Major Lazer at Ezone Club, Marathahalli on December 14.
Tickets: Rs 1,250 available on Bookmyshow.com

Elvis Presley at the O2 : The Exhibition of His LifeHoroscope: By Peter Vidal
Today ( 02 Jan )This Week ( 28 Dec - 03 Jan )
SAGITTARIUS The theme for the day is hard work, loyalty and the willingness to fulfil obligations. If you continue to bide your time and remain above the fray, you are bound to end up with your reputation and… read more
 

Now  Amazon allows users to send personalized e-cardsAmazon launches Surprise! app that allows users to send personalized e-cards
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: December 15, 2014  | 13:27 IST
Photo: Reuters
A new app rolled out by Amazon , Surprise!, will allow users to send e-cards to friends and family to celebrate various occasions like, birthday, anniversaries etc.
Users can now personalize cards using photos, audio and videos from their own device or easily attach an Amazon Gift Card to accompany their "surprise," reported Tech Crunch.
The designs offered by the app are not as diverse as those offered by other e-card competitors and are relatively generic.
However, the big draw here is being able to send an Amazon Gift Card from your mobile device quickly without having to navigate the website or browse to the apt section in the app where gift cards can be sent out via email.

Clarity on retrospective tax is essential to attract investors: Patricia HewittClarity on retrospective tax is essential to attract investors: Patricia Hewitt
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 02:25 PM IST
Patricia Hewitt, Chair, UK India Business Council (UKIBC) and former UK minister, says that the Modi government needs to address the retrospective taxation issue to instill confidence in British and global investors. In an interview with Sanjay Jog, Hewitt, who was in the city to inaugurate the UKIBC office, adds that India also needs to rework its labour and environment laws.
What is your view of the initiatives launched by the Modi government to attract investments?
The election of Narendra Modi itself has had a big impact on business sentiment with regards to India. Make in India is a wonderful program to ramp up local manufacturing and to create jobs. Steps to improve the ease of business like reduction in the number of permits is also a welcome sign.  
UK can partner India in a number of sectors like advanced manufacturing and engineering, aerospace and defence, education, vocational skills and training. Our companies can also help with the development of smart cities. Besides, there is huge potential to invest in Bollywood, digital effects, heathcare and energy sectors. 
The Modi government is yet to decide on retrospective taxation? Is this hampering investments?
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's statement on retrospective taxation is welcome but much more is needed. We hope that the budget next year will be Modi government's first real budget. Retrospective taxation has damaged individual companies and the government needs to provide complete clarity on the issue. With retrospective taxation still there, India remains a very uncertain market for both Indian and British investors. 
What other roadblocks does the govt need to work on? 
Retrospective  taxation is not the only issue that is hampering investments. Difficulties like the food labelling issue, corruption are also to blame. If India has to achieve its potential and realise the Make in India vision, labour laws need to be reformed. Prime Minister Modi's approach of allowing states to take the lead and decide on labour laws is important for India's development. And while environment laws are essential for sustainable developmnet, it is important to ensure that they don't hamper industry growth and jobs. 
What are the policy and regulatory challenges faced by investors in India?
The policy and regulatory uncertainities are big challenges even at the state level. India's future depends on good governance both at the Centre and in the states. While these issues are keeping some investors away, the initiative shown by the government is positive. 
I think it is time to look at India afresh, particularly as growth in rest of the world is slowing down. India is a bright spot in the global economy.

ONGC declares interim dividend  notifies 3 d...You are here: Home > Collections
ONGC declares interim dividend, notifies 3 discoveries
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 03.21PM IST
Tags:
Andhra Pradesh
(ONGC board in its meeting…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) today announced three new oil and gas discoveries in Krishan Godavari Basin and Mumbai offshore and said it will pay its shareholders an interim dividend of 100 per cent.
ONGC board in its meeting yesterday approved an interim dividend of 100 per cent, paying Rs 5 per equity share of Rs 5 each, the company said in a statement here today.
"The total payout on this account will be Rs 4,277.75 crore out of which the Government of India will receive Rs 2948.08 crore on its shareholding. In addition, dividend distribution tax of Rs 855.55 crore would also be paid," it said.
ONGC said it has made three discoveries - one in deepwater KG Basin off the east coast, second in Mumbai offshore basin off the west coast and the third in Cauvery basin in the southern onland part of the country.
In KG Basin offshore, ONGC has made a significant gas discovery in its nomination deep water block, KG-OS-DW-III. The discovery well GD-11-1, located about 43 km to the South of the nearest coastal town of Odalarevu in Andhra Pradesh , was drilled down to a depth of 2,810 metres in water depth of 812 metre to explore the hydrocarbon potential of Pliocene sands.
The Pliocene sequence has indicated the presence of about 36 metres of gas pay which, on conventional testing, has flowed gas at the rate of around 6.5 lakh cubic metres a day.
ONGC has already made five hydrocarbon bearing discoveries from the northward contiguous NELP-VI shallow water block of KG-OSN-2004/1 from a similar play and this discovery has opened up a large opportunity for further assessment of the prospectivity, it said.
In Mumbai offshore ONGC made a new pool discovery in the well WO-5-11 (WO-5-G), situated around 160 kms west from the nearest coastline in Maharashtra.
On testing, the well flowed oil at the rate of around 1,500 barrels per day and gas at the rate of around 10,000 cubic metres per day through half inch bean.
In Cauvery Basin, ONGC has made a significant gas discovery in the well MD-5 in the NELP-IV block CY-ONN-2002/2. This is the second hydrocarbon discovery in the block. The first discovery in this block was in October 2012, when oil was discovered in the the well Madanam-3.
The well MD-5 is located about 9 km towards east of Sirkhazi town in Nagapatinam district.
"The discovery is named as 'Thirunagari Gas Discovery' after the name of the nearby village," the statement said, adding the well flowed gas at the rate of 61,800 cubic metres per day along with condensate at the rate of 9.6 cubic metres per day during testing.
"This discovery is envisaged to enhance the commercial viability of this block," it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coal consumers ask Centre to revoke congestion surcharge imposed by RlysCoal consumers ask Centre to revoke ‘congestion’ surcharge imposed by Rlys
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Dec 13:  
Coal consumers have asked the Centre to revoke the additional surcharge for “congestion” recently imposed by the Railways.
The Railways on November 20 imposed the congestion surcharge of 10 per cent on the base freight on rake dispatch from any Indian port, said the Coal Consumers' Association of India (CCAI).
Currently, consumers of imported coal face problems of evacuation over the paucity of rail rakes. According to CCAI, congestion at the ports is an outcome of the non-supply of sufficient wagons by the Railways. Congestion caused by the Railways has already affected coal movement from the ports and consumers have to resort to the costlier option of road transport, additional rent, demurrage, and loss of production, CCAI said.
The consumers’ body said there have been occasions when the surcharge was even levied when there was no congestion.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Oil India inks deal for 2 offshore oil blocks in MyanmarOil India inks deal for 2 offshore oil blocks in Myanmar
Board of OnMobile Global approves buyback of sharesBoard of OnMobile Global approves buyback of shares
J&K people have shown their faith in Indian democracy:ModiBy: Press Trust of India | Kathua (jk) |
Posted: December 13, 2014 6:06 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 6:28 pm
Terming the ongoing Assembly election as “historic”, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on December 13 said people of Jammu and Kashmir have shown their faith in Indian democracy by participating in large numbers in the polls which the world is closely watching.
“People of Jammu and Kashmir have shown full faith in the Indian democracy and given a strong message to the world. This has scripted history in independent India.
“This election has become very important for integrity and sovereignty of India. …They (people of Jammu and Kashmir) have introduced Indian democracy to the world through the massive polling in Jammu and Kashmir elections. You have done a great work,” Modi said.
Hitting out at the previous government in New Delhi for all the ills in Jammu and Kashmir, he said “the work which could not been done by governments sitting in New Delhi, you (J&K people) have done it by pressing a simple button of EVM”.
Modi said that by pressing the electronic voting machine, people of the state have given a clear message to the world that the EVM is more powerful than the AK-47.
“Several elections, including Lok Sabha polls, have taken place in recent times in which Modi came out victorious. Recently Haryana, Jharkhand, MP elections were held. But in the entire world, the elections in J&K are being discussed.”
“Why are only the J&K elections being discussed across the world. What is the reason? The reason is over 70 per cent of polling,” he said.
Seeking votes for a majority government of BJP in J&K for overall development in the state, Modi said, “The destiny of Jammu and Kashmir will only change through development. J&K needs schools, roads, water, power and health services. For this we need your support”.
Referring to the surcharged election environment in Jammu and Kashmir, Modi said the scenario was like none seen before.
“When I used to visit the state in the past, I used to see people doing their chores without any dreams and zeal in their lives. There was no shine in their eyes and they had dejected look on their faces. They were living in an environment of hopelessness,” he said.
After thirty years of “hopelessness and despair”, he said the dreams of people have come alive again and this makes him feel very happy.
“Keep your happiness and dreams alive. Don’t allow your dreams to die. This is my luck that I am able to witness lakhs of people before me (attending my rallies) which no political leader or party has seen till now.”
“Before this, Jammu and Kashmir people have given such a blessing to no other political leader. The love and affection, you have given me, I will return it with interest by ensuring development,” he said.
In a bid to strike chord with the people of Kathua, Modi invoked contribution of Praja Parishad and Jan Sangh, which spearheaded an agitation for the integration of Jammu and Kashmir with the Indian Union.
“It is land of Praja Parishad. It is continued…

Mamata Banerjee attacks BJP  Centre  says TMC MPs to protest in ParliamentYou are here: Home > Collections > Banerjee
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee attacks BJP, Centre, says TMC MPs to protest in Parliament
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 02.47AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(There are photos of the PM…)
KOLKATA: Rejecting the demand for sacking Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrested in Saradha scam case, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today stepped up her attack on Narendra Modi saying "if image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the Prime Minister should be arrested for Sahara scam."
Appparently referring to photos of Mitra sharing the dais with Saradha Group chairman Sudipata Sen, who is now in judicial custody in connection with the scam, at a function, Banerjee said "if an image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the PM should be arrested for Sahara scam.
"There are photos of several CPI-M leaders with chit fund owners. There are photos of the PM with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that CBI arrest PM Narendra Modi? Banerjee told a rally of TMC workers here.
She said she would not fire Mitra as minister in the wake of his arrest and added that for the time being she will oversee the departments held by him.
Banerjee said Trinamool MPs would stage protests in parliament from Monday against the arrest of Mitra.
She charged CBI's image has been "dented" and it has been turned into a "political tool."
"CBI has lost all credentials. It has become His Master's Voice. CBI has become a political tool. It is time to wind it up. TMC MPs will protest in Parliament from Monday (December 15) against BJP's politics of vendetta," she charged.
"Stay within your limits or face the music," she warned BJP and the Centre and added "people of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power."
In keeping with her street-fighter image, Banerjee hit the road along with thousands of partymen, including ministers and several sportspersons in a protest march against the arrest.
Banerjee defended Mitra and said "I do not believe that Madan is a thief or dacoit. His family pecuniary condition is not such that he had to take this money (from Saradha ponzi group) to sustain his family."
The chief minister said Mitra, a key party organiser and also state Sports Minister, was called as a "witness" to the CBI office and was arrested hours after and claimed this was done following a phone call from Delhi.
"His (Mitra's) son, who met him after the arrest, was told by Madan that CBI officials were just interacting with him and asking him as to which school and college he had studied in. At this stage, a phone call came from Delhi, following which he was arrested.
"Madan was called as a witness. If after being called as a witness, one gets arrested this way then no one will go to depose as witness," Banerjee said.
Referring to TMC's strength in Parliament, Banerjee said two or three of its MPs have been arrested in connection with scam so that it cannot use its full strength to cast votes against the central government.
Accusing BJP of playing politics of vindictiveness, she warned "it will boomerang on you when you will be out of power."
  "I must tell those who are in power - stay within your limits or you will face the music ... Governments come and go, democracy remains forever. Those in power in Delhi must remember that," the TMC supremo said.
"I am now in a position (as chief minister). If I had not been in this position, I would have pulled out the tongue," Banerjee said without elaborating.
"One BJP leader (Siddharth Nath Singh) and warned they will arrest Madan (Mitra) in 2014, Mukul (Roy) in 2015 and Mamata (herself) in 2016. What audacity ! We will see who stands where (in the elections)."
She asked party cadre to politically fight BJP. "They are trying to start riots in the state. We will never let them make this possible. What will happen if we (the state government) start arresting them ?
CPI-M reiterated its demand of questioning Banerjee in connection with the Saradha scam and termed her challenge to CBI to arrest her as "unconstitutional."
"She has challenged the Supreme Court's directive to CBI to probe the Saradha scam ... Being the chief minister of a state, how can she do this ? This is against Constitution... We are ashamed of this," Leader of Opposition in the state Surkyakanta Mishra said at a rally here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Haryana to set up Kalpana Chawla Medical UniversityHaryana to set up Kalpana Chawla Medical University
Rao aims to raise Kaveri Seed s share to 15%Story
Seeds of progress
By investing in R&D and reaching out to farmers at the right time with right products, Kaveri Seed has grown to be a key player in hybrid seeds.
E Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Edition: Dec 21, 2014
GV Bhaskar Rao, chairman and managing director, Kaveri Seed Company | Best CEO: Agriculture & Allied (Mid-sized companies)
When G.V. Bhaskar Rao decided to first start a company he was only 26. The easiest part was naming it and stating its purpose. He named the company after himself and stated its purpose as to address the needs of the farmers of his native district, Karimnagar, now part of Telangana state.
The year was 1976. As a young agriculture graduate, Rao had to find a way to raise corn productivity in the region. He found the answer in hybrid seeds and began its production in the 10 acres of agricultural land that his family owned.
About GV Bhaskar Rao
Meanwhile, he explored the neighbouring state of Karnataka where he found that the farmers there had similar needs. The demand for hybrid seeds picked up in 1986, so much so that 90 per cent of the revenue for his company came from Karnataka. Since the land was irrigated by the Cauveri river, Rao decided to rename his company as Kaveri Seed Company. The company's revenue had by then touched Rs 4 crore and the focus was on corn, bajra, sunflower and paddy.
By 2013/14, the company's total income was Rs 1,012 crore with a net profit of Rs 210 crore. In the initial days, Rao used to produce and distribute hybrids available from the government agencies. But very soon he started collecting germplasms and started investing in-house to develop new hybrids. In 1997, his company hit the market with its first major hybrid maize called Kaveri 517.
Speaking to Business Today from the US, he said that from early on he was aware one could gain an edge in this sector only by investing in research and development. "Kaveri 517 was giving 25 per cent to 30 per cent more yield than what was available in the market. It was tolerant to drought and the farmers took to it in large scale. Initially we were selling only 10 to 15 trucks of seeds, or about 150 tonnes, during the Kharif season. But within three years we were selling 300 trucks, or about 3,000 tonnes, of seeds," says Rao.
FULL COVERAGE: India's Best CEOs 2014
Today Kaveri Seed produces and markets around 50 of its own hybrids - 20 hybrids in corn, four in sunflower, five each in paddy and cotton, three each in jawar and bajra, and 10 to 15 hybrids in vegetables like tomato and chilli. Another 50 hybrids are being readied to replace the current ones as and when the demand rises. "At the moment they are undergoing multi-location trials and trial marketing," says Rao.
"It is not a factory where you can produce goods overnight. You need to anticipate the demand and plan for production, in some cases even three seasons in advance"
The company has invested around seven per cent of its profit, Rs 14 crore to Rs 15 crore, in R&D last year. It works with 900 employees, of which 52 are scientists. It also has a 600-acre farm for R&D where, Rao says, breeders, doctors and techinicians work. "In addition, we have a biotechnology lab and the focus now is on drought tolerant varieties and marker-assisted selection programme to speed up the breeding programme," says Rao.
The company is also beefing up its distribution network. "We began with an aim to add a new state every year after studying the local needs. There is a five-member team which selects distributors with better reach and good finances. Today we are working with 15,000 dealers and distributors across the country except in Jammu and Kashmir, Kerala and the Northeast," says Rao.
According to him, the one key attribute that a CEO in this business needs is the ability to take calculated risk. "It is not a factory where you can produce goods overnight. It involves a process and you need to anticipate the demand and plan the production, in some cases even three seasons in advance," he says.
For instance, in cotton the company started with 10,000 packets of hybrids Jackpot, Jaadoo and ATM. "We have sold about 8.4 million packets this year. We could scale up as we could identify the potential and plan supplies accordingly," says Rao. Today the company reaches out to at least 30,000 farmers and is producing seeds over 75,000 acres of land across the country.
The other nominees: Agriculture & Allied (Mid-sized companies)
For Rao, success lies in reaching out to the farmers at the right time with the right product. The window available to a seed company is only 15 to 20 days. "We need to produce, pack, grade and supply the hybrids in time for the season," he says. Last year, Kaveri Seed was the second-largest producer of hybrid cotton seeds in the country, after Nuziveedu Seeds.
According to K.V. Subbarao, Regional Director for South Asia and South East Asia at DuPont Pioneer, a US-based producer of hybrid seeds, there are enough growth opportunities in this area in India. "The organised seed sector in the country is less than one-third of the total cropped area. There is immense scope to grow for players in India," he says. But success, says Subbarao, will depend on the ability of the companies to constantly upgrade technology and connect with farmers.
Meanwhile, Rao's immediate objective is to ensure that the company records a 20 per cent year-on-year revenue growth with focus on micro-nutrients, bio-fertilisers and bio-pesticides. Currently, the share of micro-nutrients in total sales is just around three per cent. In the next five years, Rao aims to increase its share to 15 per cent.
Nowadays Rao is busy hiring the right talent who can take on new challenges. For instance, he says, the farm sector is facing labour shortage and mechanisation is increasing. "The R&D would have to factor in these changes," says Rao, who forsees Kaveri Seed as a systems-driven company.

Five facts about Mad Max0
In the post-apocalyptic franchise, fuel is scarce and a marauding motorcycle gang disrupts what order remains in the disparate outposts of civilization. With vehicles as weapons, and modified machinery from hell colliding head-on in explosive desert battles, the Mad Max franchise made boyhood dreams of destruction and heroism play out on the big screen instead of in the backyard with Matchbox mashups.
No film has had better car chase showdowns, collisions and explosions, and “Fury Road,” starring Tom Hardy as Mad Max, appears to uphold the franchise.
Tom Hardy, the Brit playing the new Mad Max, reprises something similar to the mask he wore as Bane in "The Dark Knight Rises." He probably speaks less in “Fury Road.”
The car crash scenes were inspired by Australian car culture. “By the time we were out of our teens, several of our peers had already been killed or badly injured in car accidents,” said Mad Max director and co-writer George Miller in an interview on Australian Screen. “And there were just those long flat roads where there was no speed limit and people would just go. And that obviously had a big ... (impact) on me.”
In 1983, Miller’s co-writer, producer and friend Byron Kennedy was killed in a helicopter crash while scouting for locations for “Beyond Thunderdome.” Eventually, Miller returned to the project to get over the grief.
The Ford Falcon was a big part of the Mad Max mystique, tuned to an imposing police Interceptor in the first films. Launched worldwide in 1960, it was discontinued in the U.S. in 1970 but is still sold in Australia, where it was the best-selling car until the last decade. It’s also used as a police car Down Under.   
The Interceptor is back for “Fury Road” and it could be a Ute or it could be a Challenger, I don’t know, but it looks positively Mad Maxian.
Which Mad Max was best? What was the coolest vehicle?
Two men enter, one man leaves. 

Mad Max: Fury Road trailerMad Max: Fury Road trailer
Mad Max: Fury Road trailer
Mad Max is back. After a 30-year hiatus, the fourth installment of the car-crashing desert dystopia tears up the big screen in 2015.
Mad Max is back. After a 30-year hiatus, the fourth installment of the car-crashing desert dystopia tears up the big screen in 2015.
Mad Max is back. After a 30-year hiatus, the fourth installment of the car-crashing desert dystopia tears up the big screen in 2015.
This video is featured in these articles:

The blood stained uniform: Remainder of the dreadful day bring tears to Malalapicture  others
The blood stained uniform: Remainder of the dreadful day bring tears to Malala
Pakistan's teen Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai burst into as she watches her blood-spattered school uniform she was wearing the day the Taliban shot her. (Source: AP)
Satyarthi, 60, comforted her with a hug and a kiss on her head. "You are so brave, you are so brave," he told her. (Source: AP)
The blue tunic, white headscarf and white trousers, stained brown by dried blood, are on display at an exhibition dedicated to the 17-year-old education campaigner and her fellow 2014 Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailash Satyarthi. (Source: AP)
The uniform has been kept by Malala's family since she was shot in the head by a Taliban gunman in October 2012. (Source: AP)
The bullet which hit Malala in the head went through her neck and lodged in the muscle above her shoulder blade. After the shooting she was moved to Birmingham in the UK for extensive surgery. (Source: AP)
Honouring Malala's own wish, the uniform has been made part of the "Nobel Peace Prize exhibition 2014 - Malala and Kailash" at Norway. This is the first time Malala's uniform is being shown in public. (Source: AP)
Skip this Advertisement

Ex-Jharkhand CM Madhu Koda charge-sheeted in coal scamEx-Jharkhand Chief Minister Madhu Koda charge-sheeted in coal scam
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: December 13, 2014  | 20:14 IST
Photo: Reuters
Former Jharkhand chief minister Madhu Koda and the state ex-chief secretary Ashok Kumar Basu, former coal secretary HC Gupta and five others have been charge-sheeted by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in a coal scam case relating to allocation of blocks to a Kolkata-based firm.
The charge sheet was filed two months after the court on September 4 returned the CBI's final report filed in the case observing that the probe agency had failed to give any plausible explanation to its queries.
The decision to file the charge sheet came after the Supreme Court on December 8 had allowed the CBI to file charge sheets or closure reports in coal scam cases in which it had earlier restrained the agency from doing so in view of allegations against its then-director Ranjit Sinha.
The charge sheet was filed before special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar, who fixed it for consideration on December 22 after the investigating officer said that he will file the necessary documents within a couple of days.
Besides Koda and the two senior retired bureaucrats, the CBI has named two serving public servants Basant Kumar Bhattacharya and Bipin Bihari Singh, director of Vini Iron Steel and Udyog Limited Vaibhav Tulsyan and Vijay Joshi as accused. Kolkata-based Vini Iron Steel and Udyog Limited has also been arrayed as an accused in the case.
All the accused have been chargesheeted for offences punishable under Sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy), 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code and under provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The case pertains to allocation of coal blocks to Vini Iron and Steel Udyog, in Jharkhand's Rajhara town, in which its directors and unknown officials of the coal ministry , Jharkhand government and others were named accused in the first information report lodged by the CBI in September 2012.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi salutes martyrs of 2001 Parliament attackpicture  others
Prime Minister Narendra Modi salutes martyrs of 2001 Parliament attack
On the anniversary of the 2001 attack on Parliament, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday saluted those who were martyred protecting the temple of democracy. (Source: Neeraj Priyadarshi)
BJP leader L K Advani and Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh arrive at Parliament House in New Delhi to pay tribute to the martyrs who sacrificed their lives during the 2001 Parliament attack. (Source: Neeraj Priyadarshi).
Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress President Sonia Gandhi at Parliament House in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: Neeraj Priyadarshi)
"We salute martyrs who lost their lives protecting the Temple of our Democracy on this day in 2001. Their sacrifices are etched in our memory," Modi tweeted. (Source: Neeraj Pridarshi)
Narendra Modi greets the families of the martyrs who lost their lives during the 2001 Parliament attack. (Source: Renuka Puri)
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj at Parliament House. (Source: Renuka Puri)
Vice President  Hamid Ansari, Former PM Manmohan Singh, BJP Leader L K Advani, Congress president Sonia Gandhi, Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan at the Parliament House. (Source: Renuka Puri)
PM Narendra Modi pays floral tributes to the martyrs who died in the 2001 Parliament attack. (Source: Renuka Puri)
Skip this Advertisement

Gold Price Rises to Rs 27 350 on Seasonal DemandYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Rises to Rs 27,350 on Seasonal Demand
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 14:36 (IST)
Need to Rethink Strategy for PSU Banks: Banking Secretary
New Delhi: Gold prices on Friday rose further by Rs 40 to Rs 27,350 per 10 grams at the bullion market in the national capital on the back of rising demand from jewellers, driven by ongoing wedding season.
Silver, however, lacked necessary buying support from industrial units and eased by Rs 275 to Rs 38,285 per kg.
Traders said increased buying by jewellers and retailers to meet rising wedding season demand mainly kept gold prices higher but a weak trend overseas capped the gains.
Gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell 0.3 per cent to $1,222.50 an ounce and silver 0.3 per cent to $17.05 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity advanced by Rs 40 each to Rs 27,350 and Rs 27,150 per 10 grams, respectively. It had gained Rs 10 on Friday.
Sovereign, however, remained flat at Rs 23,800 per piece of 8 grams in limited deals.
On the other hand, silver ready declined by Rs 275 to Rs 38,285 per kg but weekly-based delivery recovered by Rs 505 to Rs 38,705 per kg on speculative buying.
Silver coins spurted by Rs 1,000 to Rs 64,000 for buying and Rs 65,000 for selling of 100 pieces on hectic marriage season demand.
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 14:00 (IST)

We expect clarity on retrospective taxation: Patricia Hewitt  chair  UKIBCWe expect complete clarity, decisive actions on retrospective taxation: Patricia Hewitt
Sanjay Jog | Mumbai Dec 15, 2014 12:46 AM IST
British and global investors feel retrospective taxation is not the only issue in India. The difficulty of importing, including food-labelling issues, corruption, labour laws and policy and regulatory uncertainties will have to be addressed quickly by the Narendra Modi-led government. In an interview with Sanjay Jog, Patricia Hewitt, chair, UK India Business Council (UKIBC) and former UK minister, in Mumbai to inaugurate a UKIBC office, spoke on a number of government initiatives and investment sentiments. Edited excerpts:
What is your view on a number of initiatives by the Modi-led government to attract investments?
The election of the Narendra Modi-led government has itself a very positive impact on business sentiments in India, the UK and around the world. That has already contributed in improving the growth picture and confidence in India’s prospects. That is very welcome. ‘Make in India’ is a wonderful signal. It is an ambitious vision and the programme is designed to build manufacturing capabilities to create development and jobs. There are welcome steps of ease of doing business especially reducing the number of permits needed and bringing in the, much-needed transparency.
I clearly see ‘Make in India’ is a wonderful platform. I see sector after sector, in which British and India are natural partners. Advanced manufacturing  and engineering , aerospace and defence where we can see considerable growth. This apart, there is whole development of of education  and vocational skills and training. Further, development of smart cities is hugely exciting. We have got a number of  of companies which were involved in the development of  new cities, towns and regenerating heritage cities and old industrial areas.
Besides, there is a huge potential of investors from both countries to invest in Bollywood, graphic designs, digital effects.
Health care is another sector. There is a great deal to learn from each other. Moreover, both India and Uk and partner in energy, renewable energy especially wind and tidal energy.
However, the government has yet to decide the fate of retrospective taxation. Is it hampering investments?
Finance Minister Arun Jaitely’s statement on retrospective taxation has been welcome but there is much more needed. We certainly hope that the Budget next year will be Modi government's first real Budget.  We hope, in that Budget, if not before, there will be decisive action and complete clarity on  the issue of retrospective taxation. It has damaged individual companies and that is not good. But the real damage has been done to India itself because of the weakening of investor confidence. Both Indian investors and British and foreign investors feel that India remains a very uncertain environment because of retrospective taxation if not finally settled.
What are other roadblocks the government  need to remove to attract investments in India?
Retrospective  taxation is not the only issue that investors are considering when they decide whether or not to invest in India but it is a big issue. You add to that issues of difficulty of importing, including food-labelling issue, some of the corruption issues although there have been welcome signals from Modi himself.  
All of these issues make India a more difficult  place to invest than India wants today.  If India is going to achieve its potential and vision of Make in India and create hundreds of millions of good quality jobs, labour laws need to be reformed.
It is one of the issues that comes out when businesses want to expand. However, Prime Minister Modi's approach of allowing states to take a lead and decide on labour laws is important for India's development. We are not going to sit here and  rewrite or dictate India about labour laws. However, there is a need to modernize labour laws in order to create good jobs this has been lesson in EU as well.
As far as environment  laws are concerned, they are quite essential for sustainable development but do not throttle or destroy industry and prospective jobs. Infact, good environment protection and industrial jobs should go hand in hand.
What is your opinion on policy and regulatory challenges faced by the investors in India?
Policy and regulatory uncertainties are one of the big challenges that is faced not just at the Centre but across state governments in India. It is very significant that Modi has been a successful chief minister and has brought all chief ministers together to reshape relations between the states and Centre. Modi knows that India's future depends on good governance and leadership in the states and in Delhi, as the Centre  cannot do on its own. There is no doubt that some businesses and investors who have money to invest are hesitating because of these  difficult issues. It’s been seven months since Modi government was elected. Direction of travel is very clear.  I think this is time to look India afresh particularly when growth in rest of the world is slowing down. India is a bright spot in the global economy.

Oil India Signs Contract for 2 Myanmar Oil BlocksYou are here: Home Corporates
Oil India Signs Contract for 2 Myanmar Blocks
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 20:24 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
New Delhi: Oil India Ltd, the second largest state explorer, has signed a contract for two offshore oil and gas blocks it had bagged in Myanmar.
OIL along with its consortium partners signed the production sharing contract (PSC) with Myanma Oil and Gas Enterprise (MOGE) for two offshore blocks M4 and YEB at Nay Pyi Taw, the company said in a statement here on Saturday.
Oil India-led consortium won these blocks under Myanmar offshore bidding round 2013 which was launched on April 11, last year.
A total of 30 blocks (11 shallow water and 19 deepsea) were put on offer in this bidding round. OIL and partners bid for three offshore blocks M-4, M-8 and YEB and won two of them.
OIL is the operator with 60 per cent interest in both the blocks. Other consortium partners are Mercator Petroleum Ltd (25 per cent), Oilmax Energy Pvt Ltd (10 per cent), and Oil Star Management Services Co Ltd, a local company of Myanmar with a 5 per cent stake.
Block M-4 with an area of 4008 square miles in water depth of less than 600 feet is located in Moattama Basin, while other block YEB with an area of 8223 sq miles in water depth of less than 600 feet is located in Thanintharyi Basin. 
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 16:05 (IST)

Suicide attempt victims need counselling not punishment: PM ModiPress Trust of India | Dec 13, 2014 at 05:55pm IST
Kathua: With the government deciding to decriminalise attempt to suicide, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said those who take the extreme step of ending their life need counselling and not punishment.
"Why does a person commit suicide? The person who attempts suicide does not need punishment but counselling and empathy," Modi told an election rally while campaigning for BJP candidate.
Attempt to suicide that was punishable by a one-year jail term is no longer a crime with the government deciding to remove Section 309 of the Indian Penal Code(IPC) to decriminalise the offence.
The Prime Minister was addressing his sixth rally in his fourth visit to the state for poll campaign.
"The problems of the person who attempts to take the extreme step, need to be understood. He/she is to be counselled by parents, brothers and sisters that this path is not right. Don't commit suicide it is will not end your problems," Modi said, adding that this law will not be allowed to continue in the country.
"Small things bring big changes," he said.
The Prime Minister was addressing his sixth rally in his fourth visit to the state for poll campaign. Modi said, "If anyone commits a crime and gets punishment it is ok. But in our country, if any person becomes unsuccessful in his attempt (to commit suicide) he would still get punished... We took up the issue and held discussion with all states and stamped out the law".
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

J&K elections: Next government depends on 4th phase; Mufti  Omar  3 other ministers in the frayAbid Soffi , IBNLive.com | Dec 13, 2014 at 05:18pm IST
Srinagar: As many as 14.73 lakh voters will get to decide the fate of 182 candidates, including chief ministerial candidates of arch-rivals National Conference (NC) and Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly Speaker and three ministers, who are in the fray in 18 constituencies in the fourth phase of the five phased Assembly elections on Sunday.
Performance of political parties in this phase is crucial as it will play a vital role in deciding their future and the structure of the new government in the state. For the ruling NC it is a do or die situation as this phase holds the key to its bid to retain the power in the state. Among the 28 seats NC won in 2008 Assembly elections, nine seats are going to polls in the fourth phase on Sunday. NC holds all eight seats of Srinagar district and Vijaypur seat in Samba district of Jammu region.
For Chief Minister and NC working president Omar Abdullah, who is struggling to cover the lost ground in Kashmir valley, this is perhaps the toughest battle of his life. It will be an uphill task for NC, which has governed Jammu and Kashmir - barring a few years - since the Indira Gandhi-Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah accord in 1975, to maintain its political relevance in the state following strong anti-incumbency sentiments among the people against the state government.
Political experts believe that anti-incumbency sentiments are at a record high in the state, but it would not matter if the voter turnout is not high.
Political experts believe that anti-incumbency sentiments are at a record high in the state, but it would not matter if the voter turnout is not high. "Unpopular decisions by the government during its six year term, which were later reversed after a total whitewash in Lok Sabha elections, could also play an important role in NC's political future. However, it will only come to play if people come out in large numbers to vote. The voting percentage in the first three phases was remarkable, but Srinagar district has a record of low voter turnout in the past," they say.
Omar, who decided to quit his family political bastion Ganderbal 'fearing a rout' from the seat, will contest from Sonawar constituency. However, sources in the NC say the party leadership is worried about the fate of Omar in Sonawar despite it being his home constituency because the people are angry with him as the local administration completely failed to tackle the situation during and after floods in the Valley.
The NC working president is up against BJP candidate Darakshan Andrabi, but many believe it is a straight contest between Omar and PDP candidate Ashraf Mir. Omar is also trying his luck from Beerwah, which went to polls in the third phase on December 9.
The performance of the NC in Sonawar constituency in the last Assembly elections wasn't reassuring either. In the Assembly election held in 2008, Omar's father Farooq Abdullah won Sonawar seat by just 94 votes. However, PDP's Sheikh Ghulam Qadir Pardesi, who came second in the Assembly polls in 2008, defected and joined the NC before by-elections which was held after Farooq resigned from the seat to contest Lok Sabha elections.
On the other hand, Opposition PDP patron and former chief minister Mufti Mohammad Sayeed is seeking re-election from Anantnag constituency in south Kashmir. Mufti is clearly way ahead in Anantnag as his main rival and senior NC leader Mehboob Beg withdrew from the contest and offered unconditional support to the PDP patron.
Even though PDP has been strong only in south and some pockets of north Kashmir valley, the party is seeking to change that by making a strong push in Srinagar, which is considered to be NC bastion.
Among the other ministers trying their luck in this phase is NC veteran and Rural Development Minister Ali Mohammad Sagar, who is seeking re-election for the sixth time from Khanyar constituency. Sagar is up against former trade union leader and PDP candidate Khursheed Alam. Despite the facts that Sagar has not lost this seat since 1983, it will be an uphill task for him to retain this seat this time following anger against NC government among the people.
The phase is also crucial for Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which is trying to make an inroad into Kashmir valley, as it can pave the way for the saffron party to accomplish its 'Mission 44-plus' - a feat that will enable it to form a government in India's only Muslim-majority state.
No Modi wave was visible during the Parliamentary elections in Kashmir as BJP candidates from Anantnag, Srinagar and Baramulla together got only 15845 votes in Lok Sabha elections while the party nominees got 15650 votes during 2008 Assembly elections. Modi's rally in Srinagar wasn't reassuring either for the saffron part, as only about 5 per cent of the people who participated in the event were from Srinagar.
But the BJP is eying votes of Kashmiri Pandits to bag three Assembly seats - Habbakadal, Amirakadal, Khanyar - in the fourth phase from the valley. The saffron party is hopeful that if the polling percentage of the Muslim voters is low in these areas following an election boycott call given by separatist leaders, Kashmiri Pandits can help in securing these seats for the saffron party.
BJP's candidates - three Kashmiri women and a local pandit - are trying hard to win in Srinagar constituencies, which in the past have responded positively to boycott call given by separatists. The BJP is also counting on Shia votebank to bag Zadibal constituency in Srinagar from where they have fielded Neelam Gash, who belongs to the Shia community.
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Stay within your limits or face music: Mamata to BJP CentreBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata |
Posted: December 13, 2014 6:16 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 8:53 pm
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee launched a scathing attack on BJP and the Centre on Saturday over the arrest of state Transport Minister Madan Mitra by CBI in Saradha scam and said Trinamool Congress MPs will protest against it in Parliament from Monday.
“CBI has lost all credentials. It has become His Master’s Voice. CBI has become a political tool. It is time to wind it up. TMC MPs will protest in Parliament from Monday (December 15) against BJP’s politics of vendetta,” Banerjee told a TMC rally here.
“Stay within your limits or face music,” she warned the BJP and the Centre and added “People of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power.”
Reminiscent of her earlier practice, Banerjee hit the road along with thousands of party workers, including ministers and several sportspersons in a protest march against the arrest.
“I have not come here as chief minister but as a common citizen. I do not believe that Madan is a thief or dacoit. His family’s pecuniary condition is not such that he had to take this money (from Saradha ponzi group) to sustain his family,” she said.
Apparently referring to photos of Mitra sharing dias with Saradha Group Chairman Sudipta Sen, who is now in judicial custody, at a function of its employees union of which he was stated to be the president, Banerjee said “If an image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the PM should be arrested for Sahara scam.
“There are photos of several CPI-M leaders with chit fund owners. There are photos of the PM with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that CBI arrest PM Narendra Modi?, Banerjee said.
Alleging that Mitra, a key party organiser and also state sports minister, was called as the witness to the CBI office and was arrested hours after, she said it was done following a phone call from Delhi.
“His son, who met him after the arrest was told by Madan that CBI officials were just interacting with him and asking him as to which school and college he had studied in. At this stage a phone call came from Delhi following which he was arrested.
“Madan was called as a witness. If one after being called as a witness, gets arrested this way then no one will go to depose as the witness,” Banerjee said.
Asking her party men to politically fight BJP, the TMC chief said, “They (BJP) are trying to start riots in the state. We will never let them make this possible. What will happen if we (the state government) start arresting them?”
“It is time to hit the streets. I ask all sections of the people including sportspersons and people from the cultural field to hit the streets,” she said.
Asserting that she would not fire Mitra as minister in the wake of his arrest, Banerjee said for the time being she will oversee the departments held by him.
Referring to TMC’s strength in Parliament, Banerjee said two or three of its MPs have been arrested in connection with the scam so that it cannot use its full strength to cast votes against the central government.
“BJP is playing politics of vindictiveness. They are arresting whom they like. We did not arrest a single CPI-M leader after coming to power,” the chief minister said.
“We will see how many jails you have. It will boomerang on you when you will be out of power,” she hit out at adding “I must tell those who are in power – stay within your limits or you will face the music … Governments come and go, democracy remains forever. Those in power in Delhi must remember that.”
“I am now in a position (as chief minister). If I had not been in this position, I would have pulled out the tongue,” Banerjee said without elaborating.
Continuing her tirade, Banerjee said “Danga gurus (riot gurus) have come to power by fighting elections using money power. Where did the thousands of crores of rupees which were used in elections come from?
“One BJP leader (Siddharth Nath Singh) had warned they will arrest Madan (Mitra) in 2014, Mukul (Roy) in 2015 and Mamata (herself) in 2016. What audacity! We will see who stands where (in the elections).”
Asserting that BJP though in power had no right to alter constitution and secularism, she said “The man who was arrested and was in jail for 60 days is pointing fingers at us.”
She said CBI’s image has been ‘dented’ as it has become a political ‘tool’ of the party in power and as per their wish. “Earlier people used to fear CBI but now they don’t. CBI is biased.”
Banerjee said her government had returned money to 5 lakh duped investors of the Saradha ponzi scheme but none since the CBI took over investigations.
Blaming the Centre for sitting over the anti-chit fund law which was passed by the state assembly and was now awaiting presidential assent, she said “Some people think they can counter us by using CBI as political tool.”
Banerjee said a red diary was found on raiding Sahara office. “It had several big names! Mother of thieves make so much sound.”
A day after BJP chief Amit Shah had targetted TMC in Kolkata on November 30, it had hit back alleging that his name was mentioned in a red diary purportedly seized by CBI but the Centre had dismissed the charge as speculation.
People of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power, Mamata said.

Bank of Maharashtra to Raise up to Rs 1 000 Crore via BondsYou are here: Home Corporates
Bank of Maharashtra to Raise up to Rs 1,000 Crore via Bonds
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 18:56 (IST)
Ashiana Housing To Enter Chennai, Kolkata; Eyes Pune
New Delhi: Bank of Maharashtra will raise up to Rs 1,000 crore by issuing Basel III-compliant Tier-I bonds.
The tier-I bonds to be issued by the public sector lender comes with a green shoe option of Rs 500 crore.
"The bank is proposing to issue AT1 Basel-III compliant Bonds of Rs 500 crore with green shoe option of Rs 500 crore," the bank said in a regulatory filing to the BSE.
Also, the bank said it is calling for quotes (bids) from merchant bankers/arrangers for the said issue.
In September, chairman and managing director S Muhnot had said that it would raise about Rs 500-1,000 crore by issuing Basel-III compliant tier-I bonds this financial year.
"We will look at raising Basel III-compliant additional Tier-1 capital instead of taking up further equity right now. We may raise around Rs 500 crore to Rs 1,000 crore during this financial year," he had said.
Shares in Bank of Maharashtra, on Friday, ended at Rs 42.10 per share on the BSE, down 2.21 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 18:01 (IST)

Saradha case: Mamata slams Modi; BJP says she s  panickingComments
A day after the  arrest of state minister Madan Mitra  over the Saradha scam, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee hit out against Prime Minister Narendra Modi calling it "political vendetta", while the BJP said she was panicking because of her "involvement."
West Bengal Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrives at the CBI's office in Kolkata hours before his arrest. (Subhankar Chakraborty/HT photo)
"There are photos of the Prime Minister  with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that the CBI arrest the PM?" Mamata said at a protest rally held in the Maidan area. 
She said Trinamool Congress MPs will protest in Parliament against  the arrest of state transport and sports minister Madan Mitra who is also her close aide.Mitra was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for his alleged role in the multi-crore-rupee chit fund scandal. 
"Stay within your limits or face music," she warned the BJP and the Centre and added "People of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power."
Responding to her charges, the BJP in Delhi said Banerjee is pressing the "panic button" and "rattled" by the possibility that her "own
involvement" could come to light.
 
"Dare does not matter. Sometimes I can say these are politically motivated attempts...If anything which is linking
Mamata Banerjee with the scam, she would be investigated and interrogated by the CBI. It is for CBI to take that call and
not for me to direct the CBI,"BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi told reporters outside Parliament
 
"And it will be determined on the fact of the case and investigating material, which is before the police. I am no one to direct CBI, nor is the BJP. CBI is an autonomous institution," she added.
 
Lekhi said that if Banerjee has done anything wrong or committed any wrong in terms of conspiracy which has happened or if any link is found connecting her with Saradha scam "her dare will go away" because the law would then take its course.
Another party spokesperson G V L Narsimha Rao attacked Banerjee, saying she has "lost all her courage" and was making "adventurous comments" without offering an explanation on the alleged role of her party leaders.
"She is possibly rattled by the revelations and possibly fears that her own involvement in the scam would come to light," he said.
Opposition parties in West Bengal have repeatedly accused the chief minister of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
Meanwhile, West Bengal minister Madan Mitra was sent to CBI custody till Dec 16 by a Kolkata court
Rejecting the bail plea moved by Mitra's lawyers, the chief judicial magistrate's court sent him to four days' custody in connection with the ponzi scandal.
 The Saradha scam was caused by the collapse of the investment operation of the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private companies, which ran many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
 
Under the scam hundreds of thousands of small investors lost Rs. 2,459 crore, according to an official estimate. There are unofficial estimates that peg the figure higher.
The Supreme Court had in May ordered a CBI probe into the chit fund scams in West Bengal, Odisha and Assam under which various companies, including Saradha, allegedly duped investors of around Rs. 10,000 crore.
 
Two Rajya Sabha MPs (Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose) and a vice-president (Rajat Majumdar) of the Trinamool are already behind the bars in connection with the Saradha case. 

ONGC declares interim dividend of Rs 4 277 croreONGC declares interim dividend of Rs 4,277 crore
BS Reporter | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 10:44 PM IST
The board of state-run petroleum explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) has approved an interim dividend payment of Rs 4,277 crore for the current financial year. The board approved 100 per cent dividend, paying Rs 5 per equity share of Rs 5 each, to shareholders.
“The total payout on this account will be Rs 4,277.7 crore out of which the government of India will receive Rs 2,948 crore on its shareholding,” the company said in a statement. The firm would also pay a dividend distribution tax of Rs 855.5 crore in addition. The payment of the interim dividend for shareholders will start from 18 December.
Last fiscal, ONGC had declared an interim dividend of hundred per cent or Rs 5 per equity share of Rs 5 each on 8.555 billion shares that was paid in December 2013. The board had approved a second interim dividend of Rs 4.25 per equity share or 85 per cent on the equity share of Rs 5 each for 2013-14. Thus, the total interim dividend added up to Rs 9.25 per share of Rs 5 each or Rs 7913.83 crore.
The massive dividend payout comes at a time the government is hard pressed for money.
The company also said it has notified the board of three discoveries including a gas discovery in its nomination deep water block, KG-OS-DW-III, in KG-basin off the east coast; an oil and gas discovery in the Mumbai offshore basin and Thirunagari gas discovery in the Cauvery basin.

Foxtrot in Fort KochiUpdated: December 12, 2014 20:08 IST
Foxtrot in Fort Kochi
Tweet
The Hindu
The Anglo-Indian community keeps its dancing shoes on and its tradition of western dance alive and jiving. Photo: special arrangement
The Hindu
You can dance: Waltz at a party in Fort Kochi. Photo: special arrangement
The Hindu
You can dance: Swiss Reel at a party in Fort Kochi. Photo: special arrangement
The Hindu
You can dance: Swiss Reel at a party in Fort Kochi. Photo: special arrangement
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
The Anglo-Indian community keeps its dancing shoes on and its tradition of western dance alive and jiving
Francis Xavier Gomez, 90, is dressed to the hilt. Black trousers, white full-sleeved shirt, cuff links, polished shoes…jacket and tie. He is at his grand daughter’s wedding dinner at The Killians in Fort Kochi.
A wallflower that evening, he is tapping his foot to Eagles’ ‘Love will keep us alive’, a request made by the bridal couple. As he watches the newly weds dance the Bridal Waltz he says, “I have two left feet.” But that is a joke. Francis has been quite the dancer in his hey-day and remembers the times when the Anglo-Indian community in Fort Kochi had regular dance parties and music filled their days.
Today, these may be few and far between but yet, on occasions, the community puts its best foot forward to keep their tradition of western music and dance alive. As the evening progresses the music increases in tempo and more couples join in. Ballroom dance bursts on to the floor in all its beauty.
Foxtrot, quick steps, cross steps – variations of the dance – find men and women swing and sway, twirl and twist in musical synchrony. A fabulous air of joy and happiness fills the space as boys, girls, mums, dads, aunts, uncles, nephews and nieces, the entire extended family and friends, dressed and bejewelled keep in tune and match each other step with step. By then the mood is set.
Swiss Reel begins and couples line up facing each other holding raised hands in arch formation. The Line Dance has the women in threes, “two side steps to the left, two to the right,” and then comes on the cha cha cha and other lively dances. The party goes on till the wee hours of the morning. The music plays – ‘Show me the way to go home…’
“That’s how most of our parties were, lively and full of fun,” says Coral Godinho, a teacher at St Mary’s AIGH School, who taught the women Line Dance for this wedding. She learnt it during her last visit to Australia. Coral teaches traditional western dance and lists out the sequence that follows the Bridal Waltz. “The first dance is called the Bridal Waltz on weddings but on other occasions it is called the Snow Ball. The first couple begins the dance and others soon join in. The music then moves to a higher tempo like Rock N’ Roll and Jive.
“In the present day children are not in tune with the traditional way of dancing. They are in to rap music,” she says. Her husband Paul Gudinho believes ballroom dancing to be an art, something that requires “effort at learning,” and perhaps the reason why youngsters are not keen to master it.
“As a community we love to party. It has come down because most of us have moved, mainly to Australia.
In the 60s and 70s it was very different,” says Adrian (Jackie) D’Cruz. He speaks about a set piece of music that everybody would dance to. “There would be a programme drawn up on the sequence of the dances. It was much planned, and there was something called ballroom etiquette.”
Marlene Jackson, 70 and president of the All India Anglo Indian Association, Kochi Branch agrees. She says that earlier dances were conducted. There was a Master of Ceremonies who guided the evening. After the first set of music there was a ‘rest-a-while’, before the next set of music began; remember music was from records or a live band, she says.
Marlene adds to the list of dances - Daddy’s Little Girl, a dance, which the father and daughter performed after the Bridal Waltz. Jackie recalls some incidents when an MC had to throw out stags and men who misbehaved with a girl. “The MC was a tough guy and would monitor such things,” he says.
It was around the 70s that the dance culture in Fort Kochi began to change. “It was because the music changed,” says Jackie. He remembers looking forward to the first Saturday of every month when a dance was held.
Patrick and Coral list out the important dance events that happened right through the year until the eighties. The month of April had the April Shower, followed by May Queen, June Rose and the all-important Independence Day Dance. Come September was another occasion, now held as Onam Dance. October had the Hat and Scarf Night or Rodeo Night, which were theme parties.
The Pound Social was a casual party when friends got together impromptu, each bringing a snack or dish.
“Today we call it the BYO party or Bring Your Own party. December of course had the two main dances the Xmas and the New Year dance. The Valentine Dance in February was another big event,” says Coral.
“Most dances in the 60s were held at the Municipal Hall with its big wooden floor, which is the current Corporation office. The Laurel Club and the Mariner’s Hall too hosted dances but the YWCA near Parade Maidan has been a constant venue,” says Marlene.
Some of the bands that played those days were the Sundowners and the Rhythm Rockers. “Women wore gowns, minis, balloon skirts and dresses with buckrams – stiff and starched; everything was so classy. Women never wore pants to dances,” she adds. Today with popular head-banging music such traditional dances have been relegated to these events but 24-year-old DJ Jonathan says, “That’s not true. Play the right music and the floor will get the right dance. Billy Ray’s ‘Achy Breaky Heart’ will get the crowd doing the Line Dance. The Corrs ‘Haste to the Wedding’ will bring the Swiss Reel on.”
And so the dances continue binding a community together in a clasp of camaraderie. As Patrick says fondly about this tradition, “Many of us found our partners at the dances.”

Madan Mitra remanded to four days  CBI custodyMadan Mitra remanded to four days  CBI custody
Indians in HSBC list hold Rs. 4 479 crore black money: Centregovernment
The Government said on Friday that of the list of 628 Indians who could be holding black money overseas, 201 are either non-traceable or non-residents, while 289 have no balance left in their accounts. There are 427 actionable cases that collectively hold a sum of Rs 4,479 crore in bank accounts overseas, which the official release said had been calculated using an exchange rate of Rs 45 to a dollar. The release said 339 have balance in their accounts.
The Income Tax Department initiated action against 79 of the account holders. The disclosure is as per the direction of Special Investigation Team (SIT) which submitted a report to the Supreme Court on black money. India had received the list of 628 Indians who hold accounts in HSBC’s Geneva branch from the French government.
Earlier in the day, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that proceedings in the cases on the HSBC list would be completed by March 31, 2015.
The I-T Department has finalised assessment for 79 entities and an amount of Rs. 2,926 crore has been brought to tax towards the undisclosed balances, according to the release. Penalty proceedings under the Income Tax Act, 1961 have been initiated in 46 cases and levied in 3 cases so far, it said. Prosecutions were initiated in 6 cases for wilful attempts to evade taxes besides show cause notices have been issued in 10 others.
The steps the SIT has recommended for controlling black include mandatory quoting of the Permanent Account Number for cash and cheque payments of more than Rs 1,00,000. It flagged mining, ponzi schemes, iron ore exports, misuse of export- import route as the major areas prone to black money transactions. It recommended that an institutional mechanism be set up to unearth black money by examining the mismatch between export and import data with the corresponding data of other countries on a quarterly basis. It also called for making tax evasion in excess of Rs. 50 lakh a ‘predicate offence’ and be brought under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.
It recommended additional provisions in the FEMA (Foreign Exchange Management Act) for confiscation of property of equivalent value within the country in cases where it is found property is owned overseas illegally.

MIT: School breaks are bad for stocks!EMAIL
Getty
What’s to blame for some of the ugliest periods for stocks? Your kids. Seriously, that’s what a group of researchers from three universities including MIT have found.
Stock prices tend to do the worst during periods following long school vacations, according to new research by Massachusetts Institute of Technology Visiting Professor Lily Fang.
Specifically, stock market returns are 1% in the months following major school holidays, the researchers found. And don’t just blame U.S. children. The “after holiday effect” occurs worldwide, the researcher found by studying market returns following major school breaks in 47.
Why could this happen? There’s an “after holiday effect” where stocks suffer as investment professionals go back to paying attention to the markets instead of their children, says Fang, who did the research with Chunmei Lin of Erasmus University and Yuping Shao National University of Singapore.
Does hanging out with kids put traders in a bad mood? Just the opposite. Since traders are distracted during vacations, the market’s value can drift higher from where it should be. That means the market comes under pressure when traders return to focus — and sell off stocks based on bad news they might have missed while playing with their kids, Fang says.
The after holiday effect is largely negative because it’s the bad news that gets largely missed during school breaks. Short sellers — who normally look for negative news and are a big factor in pulling stock prices down — need to be focused. “Bad news travels slowly,” Fang says. “It is more difficult, and requires even more attention, to take advantage of bad news than good news.”
The biggest period of the effect was seen in the U.S. after summer vacation. Traders who normally would be trying to find companies in trouble to bet against stocks are busy making sand castles. This factor is a big reason why September, the first month of busy trading after the summer, tends to be negative, Fang says.
“The main lesson here is that attention is a limited resource,” says Fang. “We make the unrealistic assumption that since traders are professional investors, they are super machines with infinite attention spans. But the fact is: human beings are human beings.”

Facebook doesn t love the idea of a  dislike  buttonSouth Korean electronics giant Samsung said Thursday it will release smart televisions equipped with its new platform built around the Tizen operating system this year, as it seeks to lower its reliance on Google.
Facebook doesn't love the idea of a 'dislike' button
AFP
San Francisco, December 13, 2014
First Published: 07:41 IST(13/12/2014)
print
Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg wants people to be able to quickly express broader ranges of feelings at the leading online social network, but a "dislike" button doesn't make the cut.
During a question-and-answer session with an audience at the Facebook headquarters in Northern California, available online Friday, Zuckerberg gave a thumbs-down to the idea of a button to register disdain for posts at the social network.
"That's not something that we think is good for the world," Zuckerberg said, expressing concern that "like" and "dislike" buttons could turn into a voting system to judge posts.
"The thing that I think is very valuable is that there are more sentiments that people want to express."
While Facebook's well-known thumbs-up "like" buttons let people easily show support or enthusiasm for posts, some folks think the sentiment seems off-target for somber subjects such as news of death or other sadness in the lives of friends.
"We are talking about a right way for people to easily express a broader array of emotions," Zuckerberg said, giving examples such as empathy, surprise, or laughter.
No changes along those lines were on the immediate horizon.
"We need to figure out the right way to do it so that it is a force for good and not a force for bad in demeaning the posts that people are putting out there." Facebook would also risk irking advertisers by giving members a quick way to tag marketing messages with "dislikes," according to analysts.
Zuckerberg noted that Facebook members are free to comment on posts, but can wind up feeling pressured to be witty or insightful.

A mystery woman paid off everyones layaway accounts at a Toys R UsBy Sarah Larimer December 12, 2014 Follow @slarimer
A 2013 picture of a Toys R Us store in Virginia. (Nikki Kahn/The Washington Post)
There exists, somewhere within the general vicinity of Bellingham, Mass., a layaway hero.
This was proven earlier this week, when customers at a Toys R Us learned that a woman — whose identity is not yet known — walked in and paid off the entire layaway balance for the store in full.
Yep. The. Whole. Balance.
That means the woman paid for about $20,000 worth of merchandise on more than 150 accounts, according to the Milford Daily News .
Here’s what happened, according to the Milford paper :
Described by employees as a bubbly older woman and a local, she offered the store manager a hug and reportedly said, “If you have it, give it.”
One employee said the woman told her that knowing the layaway purchases were taken care of would help her “sleep better at night.”
This kind of thing has happened before.
For example, last year, a Florida man spent about $20,000 at Walmart, paying off the accounts of strangers .
“I know it affected people immediately. I mean they were getting text messages that payments were being made on their accounts while we were there and people were calling saying ‘I think there’s a mistake,’” Greg Parady said, according to ABC . “It was so special. It was really special.”
The Daily News spoke to a customer whose tab was paid this week. The woman — who only gave her first name, Linda — said she only had $9 when she went holiday shopping for her two boys.
“I thought, ‘You have to be kidding me,’” the woman said, when discussing the call she received from Toys R Us, letting her know about the paid account. “I almost wanted to cry. It was only $50, but to me that’s a lot of money, and that someone would go and do that gave me chills.”
She added: “What she did was so caring and thoughtful. I feel like I was part of something special – touched by an angel.”

Traffic control failure hits London flightsUK air traffic control failure identified
Mark Odell, Peggy Hollinger and John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/65544730-8216-11e4-b9d0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Climate talks run into overtime as India  others reject first draftPrint
Environmental activists wearing puppet faces representing, from left, Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott, Canada's Prime Minister Stephen Harper, Russia's President Vladimir Putin, Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi perform during the Climate Change Conference COP20 in Lima. (Source: AP)
Written by Amitabh Sinha | Lima |
Posted: December 13, 2014 1:31 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 9:13 pm
The climate talks at Lima were on the brink of collapse on Saturday after two attempts to push through watered-down proposals were rejected by the developing countries, forcing the head of negotiations to summon the delegates for an extra day of work.
The two-week long negotiations were supposed to have ended on Friday evening with a decision on the kind of climate actions that countries could take in order to claim them as their “contribution” to the global fight against climate change. These ‘contributions’, the magnitude of which was to be determined by the country itself, and hence called Intended Nationally Determined Contributions, or the INDCs, are to become the backbone of a new international legal architecture on climate change that is supposed to be finalized at the next year’s climate talks in Paris.
In Lima, the countries were also to suggest the other features of this international legal architecture, so that they had a one-year time to negotiate on these and come to an agreement during the Paris conference. The architecture, if agreed in Paris, would come into effect in 2020.
Read full coverage: Express at Lima
But deep divisions in the positions of the developed and developing countries blocked any progress on Friday, and by evening countries had abandoned the formal processes to huddle in small informal groups and bilateral meetings in a desperate bid to forge an agreement. The talks went into extra-time, till the early hours of Saturday morning. But a new draft decision text, introduced at 2.30 in the morning, widened the rift further and gave rise to much distrust as a number of countries accused the head of negotiations of attempting to push unacceptable proposals down their neck as a fait accompli.
As country after country got up to say that they had not been consulted in preparing the draft text and protested against the half-an-hour time given to them to study the text and make amendments, the head of negotiations was left with no option but to close the proceedings for the day and ask the delegates to reconvene on Saturday morning.
Venezuela’s representative said the way countries were being asked to approve the text at the last minute, he was reminded of Copenhagen. At the 2009 climate conference in Copenhagen, an agreement was thrust on the countries at the last minute, leading to much heartburtn.
Christian Aid’s senior climate change advisor, Mohamed Adow, blamed the co-chairs of the working continued…

Tulu Wikipedia gets some pushTulu Wikipedia gets some push
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mangaluru, December 13:  
Tulu Wikipedia, which was launched in 2007, is still in incubation stage, according to UB Pavanaja, Programme Officer at the Bengaluru-based Centre for Internet and Society.
Speaking at a technical session on ‘Tulu in technology’ as part of Global Tulu Festival in Mangaluru on Saturday, he said that now some push has been given for reviving Tulu Wikipedia.
Workshops on Tulu Wikipedia were conducted in March, April and November this year. The number of Tulu articles in Wikipedia was 135 in January 2014. It has increased to around 750 now, he said.
Referring to the lack of encyclopaedic knowledge in Tulu language, he said there is a need to give push for creating encyclopaedic knowledge in Tulu in such a situation.
Steps should be taken to contribute entries for Tulu Wikipedia regularly to keep it live. Those who work for Tulu Wikipedia should meet regularly to discuss future course of action.
He said that Wikipedia entries in Tulu language can be made under the URL http://bitly.com/tuluwiki
A live Tulu Wikipedia will help bring pressure on the Government to include Tulu in the Eighth Schedule of the India Constitution, he said.
Tulu-speaking people can request for including the Tulu script in Unicode, if there is a live Tulu Wikipedia, he added.
It may be mentioned here that works in Tulu language are prominently written in Kannada script, as Tulu script has not gained acceptability.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Dineshwar Sharma appointed IB directorDineshwar Sharma appointed IB director
Mahesh Langa , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, December 13, 2014
First Published: 16:02 IST(13/12/2014) | Last Updated: 23:43 IST(13/12/2014)
Comments
The Narendra Modi government has appointed Dineshwar Sharma, 1979 batch Kerala cadre IPS officer, as director in the country's internal intelligence agency IB.
The appointment committee of the cabinet (ACC) headed by Prime Minister Modi on Saturday issued Sharma's order appointing him as Officer on Special Duty (OSD) in the IB with immediate effect till December 31st and subsequently taking over as director of the IB from 1st January 2015.
Sharma will take over from SA Ibrahim, whose two year term is ending this month.
Sharma is special director in the IB. He has vast experienced serving in the IB for more than two decades.
"PM Narendra Modi had cleared Sharma's name but his formal order has been issued today," a top official said.

Bengaluru MNC executive behind Islamic State s top Twitter account arrestedBengaluru MNC executive behind Islamic State's top Twitter account arrested
HT Correspondents , Hindustan Times  New Delhi/Bengaluru, December 13, 2014
First Published: 11:12 IST(13/12/2014) | Last Updated: 21:00 IST(13/12/2014)
Comments
Bengaluru police have arrested Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the man allegedly behind terror group Islamic State’s (IS) most influential Twitter handle.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas has "confessed" he was handling the pro-IS tweeter "@ShamiWitness" and he was particularly close to English-speaking IS terrorists, Karnataka DGP L Pachau told reporters.
  
Bangalore police's investigating officer Hemant Nimbalkar writes on a photograph of Mehdi Masroor Biswas, in his police headquarters office in Bangalore (AP Photo)
He is religious but not a fanatic: Mehdi’s father
An engineer working as "manufacturing executive" with a Bengaluru-based multinational company for an annual package of Rs. 5.3 lakh, he became "a source of incitement and information" for the new ISIS recruits, Pachau said.
DGP Pachau,  along with Bengaluru Police Commissioner M N Reddi, announced the arrest a day after Biwas was identified by UK-based Channel 4 as the elusive handler of the pro-IS Twitter account.
Cases had been registered against Biswas under various provisions of IPC, Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act and IT Act, Reddi said.
.
CCB ON TOP: ISIS Tweeter ideologue Mehdi Masroor Biswas, 24, Engineer arrested at Bengaluru by Crime Branch (CCB)! pic.twitter.com/c8hspLtuvS
— JtCP Crime Bengaluru (@crimebangalore) December 13, 2014
Biswas, who is originally from West Bengal, used to run the Twitter account @ShamiWitness with  over 17,000 followers, “two-thirds of whom are foreign fighters” fighting for the IS in Iraq and Syria. His tweets were seen over 2 million times making him the “most influential twitter account” for the IS.
Son of a retired assistant engineer who worked with the West Bengal Electricity Board, Biswas was tracked to his house through his mobile phone which he did not attempt to switch off.
Biswas was interested in the Levantine region, also known as Eastern Mediterranean, consisting of Cyprus, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria and part of Southern Turkey from 2003 onwards, Pachau said.
Screen grab of the now deactivated @ShamiWitness Twitter account.
 
He used to work in the office during daytime and became active on the internet at nights, he said, adding, he had bought 60 GB Internet connection on monthly basis to read all breaking news on websites relating to ISIS/ISL.
    
Pachau said through his social media propaganda, Biswas abetted ISIL in its agenda to wage war against Asiatic powers.
Watch: ISIS twitter case: Accused arrested by police, confesses operating account since many years
Channel 4 exposed Biswas
Biswas was careful in hiding his true identity and was confident that it would never get revealed, the state police chief said. "His identity was exposed by Channel 4 and inputs  were passed on to the Indian agencies."
In its report, 'Channel 4' Friday said the man operating the account had been able to remain anonymous "until now" and avoiding questions about his role in the Islamic State's propaganda war.
The channel said its investigation had, however, revealed that the  man operating the account is called Mehdi and he is an executive with an Indian conglomerate in Bengaluru.
The report had not however revealed Mehdi's full name as he said his life would be in danger. The account was shut down after the report surfaced.
    

Plunging oil sign of slowing global economy | Oil likely @$40Plunging oil sign of slowing global economy | Oil likely @$40
Economic Output Shrinks for October amid Clamor for Rate CutEconomic Output Shrinks for October amid Clamor for Rate Cut
Police in Canada can examine cellphones without warrantPolice in Canada can examine cellphones without warrant
Mamata Must Resign  Says Oppn After Mitra s ArrestMamata Must Resign  Says Oppn After Mitra s Arrest
Qamar Agha calls for dealing with ISIS issue at an ideological levelQamar Agha calls for dealing with ISIS issue at an ideological level
Mamata attacks BJP  says TMC to protest in Parl | Mitra remanded to 4 days  CBI custodyYou are here: Home > Collections > Banerjee
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee attacks BJP, Centre, says TMC MPs to protest in Parliament
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 02.47AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(There are photos of the PM…)
KOLKATA: Rejecting the demand for sacking Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrested in Saradha scam case, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today stepped up her attack on Narendra Modi saying "if image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the Prime Minister should be arrested for Sahara scam."
Appparently referring to photos of Mitra sharing the dais with Saradha Group chairman Sudipata Sen, who is now in judicial custody in connection with the scam, at a function, Banerjee said "if an image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the PM should be arrested for Sahara scam.
"There are photos of several CPI-M leaders with chit fund owners. There are photos of the PM with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that CBI arrest PM Narendra Modi? Banerjee told a rally of TMC workers here.
She said she would not fire Mitra as minister in the wake of his arrest and added that for the time being she will oversee the departments held by him.
Banerjee said Trinamool MPs would stage protests in parliament from Monday against the arrest of Mitra.
She charged CBI's image has been "dented" and it has been turned into a "political tool."
"CBI has lost all credentials. It has become His Master's Voice. CBI has become a political tool. It is time to wind it up. TMC MPs will protest in Parliament from Monday (December 15) against BJP's politics of vendetta," she charged.
"Stay within your limits or face the music," she warned BJP and the Centre and added "people of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power."
In keeping with her street-fighter image, Banerjee hit the road along with thousands of partymen, including ministers and several sportspersons in a protest march against the arrest.
Banerjee defended Mitra and said "I do not believe that Madan is a thief or dacoit. His family pecuniary condition is not such that he had to take this money (from Saradha ponzi group) to sustain his family."
The chief minister said Mitra, a key party organiser and also state Sports Minister, was called as a "witness" to the CBI office and was arrested hours after and claimed this was done following a phone call from Delhi.
"His (Mitra's) son, who met him after the arrest, was told by Madan that CBI officials were just interacting with him and asking him as to which school and college he had studied in. At this stage, a phone call came from Delhi, following which he was arrested.
"Madan was called as a witness. If after being called as a witness, one gets arrested this way then no one will go to depose as witness," Banerjee said.
Referring to TMC's strength in Parliament, Banerjee said two or three of its MPs have been arrested in connection with scam so that it cannot use its full strength to cast votes against the central government.
Accusing BJP of playing politics of vindictiveness, she warned "it will boomerang on you when you will be out of power."
  "I must tell those who are in power - stay within your limits or you will face the music ... Governments come and go, democracy remains forever. Those in power in Delhi must remember that," the TMC supremo said.
"I am now in a position (as chief minister). If I had not been in this position, I would have pulled out the tongue," Banerjee said without elaborating.
"One BJP leader (Siddharth Nath Singh) and warned they will arrest Madan (Mitra) in 2014, Mukul (Roy) in 2015 and Mamata (herself) in 2016. What audacity ! We will see who stands where (in the elections)."
She asked party cadre to politically fight BJP. "They are trying to start riots in the state. We will never let them make this possible. What will happen if we (the state government) start arresting them ?
CPI-M reiterated its demand of questioning Banerjee in connection with the Saradha scam and termed her challenge to CBI to arrest her as "unconstitutional."
"She has challenged the Supreme Court's directive to CBI to probe the Saradha scam ... Being the chief minister of a state, how can she do this ? This is against Constitution... We are ashamed of this," Leader of Opposition in the state Surkyakanta Mishra said at a rally here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

10 Dec: Mumbai in picsTweet
Ambekari Samaj and Dharmik Alpasankhyayk Samaj condemn the Jawkheda dalit murders in Ahmednagar and demand CBI inquiry during the third day of winter session of Mahararashtra assembly in Nagpur.(Sunny Shende/HT photo)
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis is seen on the third day of the winter session of Maharashtra assembly in Nagpur. (Sunny Shende/HT photo)
Students of SS Sahney High School participate in the Hindustan Times' cleanup drive at Santrauze in Mumbai.(Satish Bate/HT photo)
NCP leader and MLA Ajit Pawar is seen on the third day of the winter session of Maharashtra assembly in Nagpur. (Sunny Shende/HT photo)
Students of SS Sahney High School participate in the Hindustan Times' cleanup drive at Santrauze in Mumbai.(Satish Bate/HT photo)
Shankar Mahadevan during an interaction at the National Centre for performing arts (NCPA) Mumbai. The singer and NCPA collaborated and presented music courses. (Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
College students participate in a rally highlighting women safety and human rights on the occasion of World Human Rights Day at Dadar in Mumbai. (Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
College students participate in a rally highlighting women safety and human rights on the occasion of World Human Rights Day at Dadar in Mumbai. (Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
College students participate in a rally highlighting women safety and human rights on the occasion of World Human Rights Day at Dadar in Mumbai. (Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
College students participate in a rally highlighting women safety and human rights on the occasion of World Human Rights Day at Dadar in Mumbai. (Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
Jammu & Kashmir team celebrate after defeating 40-time champion Mumbai in a Ranji Trophy Group A match at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. (Prakash Parsekar/HT photo)
Advertisement

Walmart China Stores Reportedly Inflated ProfitEmail Print
Save
Dec. 11 (Bloomberg) -- Cracks in the foundation of Wal-Mart’s retail business in China have been developing for years, hidden by questionable accounting and unauthorized sales practices, according to employees and internal documents reviewed by Bloomberg. Bloomberg's John Dawson has the details on "First Up." (Source: Bloomberg)
Related
Wal-Mart's China Troubles
After years of heralding China as one of its best markets, Wal-Mart (WMT) in August said its performance there was among the worst in its major countries. A management shake-up and job cuts have followed.
Although the reversals seem abrupt, cracks in the foundation of Wal-Mart’s retail business in China have been developing for years, hidden by questionable accounting and unauthorized sales practices, according to employees and internal documents reviewed by Bloomberg.
The practices -- including bulk sales to other retailers and some sales allegedly booked when no merchandise left the shelves -- made business appear strong even as retail transactions slowed and unsold inventory piled up, these people and documents say. Wal-Mart said in August that it was unhappy with inventory growth internationally .
Stores in China continue to make bulk sales, sometimes unprofitably and without required management authorizations, according to employees who’ve left the company this past month. Concerns about bulk sales, raised as far back as 2011 in an internal report, have been the subject of inquiries in China by Wal-Mart’s legal team as recently as May, according to an internal company e-mail and an employee interviewed by lawyers.
Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg
A Wal-Mart advert in Beijing, China. Close
A Wal-Mart advert in Beijing, China.
Close
Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg
A Wal-Mart advert in Beijing, China.
The report and interviews with current and former employees say Chinese Wal-Mart stores, under pressure to meet earnings targets, resorted to temporary markups of inventory as an accounting move that can burnish profits without any added sales of merchandise.
Extensive Investigation
After employees “recognized inventory pricing discrepancies” in 2011, the company’s senior leadership in the U.S. and China ordered an extensive investigation that led to “various leadership changes and disciplinary actions,” strengthened compliance measures, training, and regular audits, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said in a statement.
“None of the financial issues we’ve reviewed in China were determined to be material to Wal-Mart’s consolidated financial condition or results of operations,” the statement said. Wal-Mart didn’t address specific questions on accounting issues, and leadership changes. It said bulk sales to retailers are common practice in developing markets, monitored regularly, and a modest part of its Chinese business.
Four top managers of Wal-Mart China left the company in 2011, including Ed Chan, then chief executive officer for the country. Chan, now vice chairman of C.P. Lotus Corp., a retailer based in Hong Kong , said the reason he left was known only to him and Wal-Mart and was unrelated to price markups or bulk purchases. At the time, Wal-Mart said he left for personal reasons.
Ethics ’Flexibility’
The bulk sales provided at least 1.6 billion yuan ($243 million) in sales, and the markups accounted for 4 percent of gross profits in 2010 alone at 98 hypermarket stores examined by Stanford Lin, who conducted the internal review. These stores accounted for about half of total hypermarket sales in China that year.
At the time, Wal-Mart was looking to growth abroad to make up for a slowdown in the U.S.
“There is a general flexibility on ethics” in China, Lin said in an interview. “There was a huge desire to perform. In this market, they believe if they’re hitting the numbers, then they’re doing the right thing.”
Lin left Wal-Mart last year, and became head of Chinese operations for Visa Inc. in Shanghai.
Markup Time
By 2010, the year of Lin’s review, the U.S. was just emerging from recession. While Wal-Mart’s Chinese operations were expanding, the stores weren’t running as profitably as those operated in the U.S. by the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer.
As a newly minted member of Wal-Mart’s Strategy and Innovation Team, Lin, a former McKinsey & Co. consultant, was assigned to look for ways to improve productivity. What he found was a Chinese operation veering out of control.
Lin traveled across the country asking workers in the hypermarkets -- vast, we-sell-it-all arcades roughly equivalent to Wal-Mart’s core superstores in the U.S. -- what kind of activity was wasting their time. Markups, they told him: hours spent putting higher prices on thousands of goods -- from DVD players to vintage liquor. Managers often told employees to raise prices in the last week of the month, and to move them down at the start of the next month.
Highly Confidential
The employees couldn’t understand why. Higher prices, even if temporary, didn’t jibe with the everyday-low-pricing strategy that founder Sam Walton and his successors used to turn his Arkansas five-and-dime into the world’s biggest retail chain, with more than $480 billion in annual sales.
The markups were part of a pattern of “unusual,” unauthorized, and “unsustainable,” accounting moves and deals with suppliers and rivals that made sales and profits look stronger than the underlying retail trends in the stores, according to Lin’s 32-page review, labeled “Highly Confidential.”
“The business was continually getting worse despite their pronouncements to the contrary,” Lin said earlier this year.
The February 2011 review and interviews with current and former Wal-Mart employees raise questions about how the company has booked results in the world’s second-biggest economy. They also cast new light on Wal-Mart’s degree of success in China -- which the company called a standout in the period Lin covered.
Deflationary Pressure
China “drove the strong sales performance” of the international division, Wal-Mart told investors in May 2010. Eight days after Lin’s written review, Wal-Mart said in a conference call that China was among countries with the highest sales increases in its fiscal year ended Jan. 31, 2011.
Now, it is one of the weaker links. Net sales fell in China in the company’s fiscal quarter ended Oct. 31, which it said was “due to retail deflationary pressure.” The company has said it will close about 30 of roughly 400 Chinese stores, and on Dec. 2 it said it is shedding 250 jobs in China, mostly in merchandising and marketing.
There will be 6,000 new jobs created with the opening of 31 new stores and distribution centers this year, the company has said.
The U.S. Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission have been investigating Wal-Mart for possible violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the company has disclosed. Internal investigations of possible misconduct are open in four countries, including China, the company has said.
It isn’t known whether the practices described in Lin’s report are part of the inquiries under the act, which has a section on the integrity of books and records. The company has said it is cooperating with investigators. Wal-Mart declined to comment on the inquiry.
Footprint Growing
Altering reported income by marking up inventory “only to turn around and mark it down again” after the end of the quarter “would be fraud,” said Lynn Turner , a former chief accountant for the SEC and now a managing director at LitiNomics Inc., an advisory firm in Los Angeles. Turner was speaking generally, and not about Wal-Mart.
Wal-Mart entered China in 1996. After opening 56 stores in its first 10 years, the company hired Chan as CEO in 2006. Educated in the U.S., and formerly with McKinsey, he was familiar with American business practices, and driven to enlarge the retailer’s footprint in China, colleagues said.
By 2008, the store count hit 200 and China had become a profitable market. In 2009 Forbes China named Chan among its “People of the Year.”
Chan operated under the company’s “freedom within a framework” policy that allowed executives to run their own areas without interference, according to those who worked for him. He allowed his deputies to handle the day-to-day running of the business while keeping them focused on meeting profit goals, which helped decide raises and promotions, they said.
Label Swaps
Chan had been the boss in China for two years whenDoug McMillon, now Wal-Mart’s chief executive officer, became head of international operations. An Arkansas native, McMillon rose through the ranks from a store level-job to merchandising posts and a stint running the Sam’s Club warehouse division. Within three months of taking over international, McMillon told investors that it needed to be more productive.
Lin, fluent in English and Mandarin, and schooled in the U.S. like Chan, said he was hired to root out inefficiency and reduce head counts. The time spent on markups quickly caught his attention.
When buyers asked stores to change prices, they had 24 hours to comply -- often scrambling to swap out labels on 1,000 or more products, according to one former operations executive for Wal-Mart China.
Department 14
After widespread end-of-month markups in 2008, customer complaints about the unpredictability of Wal-Mart pricing came up at one of the meetings of senior managers that Chan attended, this person said. He said he never heard from anyone about following up.
In his report, Lin highlighted “Department 14,” or housewares. He said the division marked up 183 products in the last week of December 2010, increasing gross profits by 2.5 million yuan . In the first week of January 2011, the products were marked back down.
It was an accounting entry, not added sales, that was behind these higher profits, according to Lin.
In simplified retail accounting, gross profits are sales minus the cost of goods sold. The cost figure can be calculated by subtracting ending inventory from beginning inventory. Lin’s report said the price markups were applied to ending inventory, giving the appearance of lower costs.
High Targets
Hypothetically, say a store had $20,000 of wine at the start of a month, and was left with $10,000 worth at month’s end. Its cost of goods sold would be $10,000. If sales were $15,000, gross profits would be $5,000. But if ending inventory is marked up 20 percent, the cost of goods sold drops and wine profit rises to $7,000.
At Wal-Mart China, profit and sales targets, established by headquarters, were high, and so was the pressure to hit them, according to Samuel Guo, a former purchasing manager for home and seasonal products. Guo said his supervisors would send weekly reminders telling employees where they stood on margin targets and other key performance indicators. He said he didn’t see any end-of-the-month markups in his division.
Wal-Mart was also facing increasing competition from multinationals like France-based Carrefour SA (CA) , and local chains including Sun-Art Retail Group Ltd., backed by another French company, Groupe Auchan SA. Wal-Mart’s struggling to attract more ordinary Chinese consumers often turned to unprofitable bulk sales to improve their numbers, several employees said.
Wal-Mart was the third-largest hypermarket operator in China last year with a 10.4 percent market share, according to Euromonitor International. The stock gained 1 percent to $83.83 at the close in New York .
Pressure
“The store was under a lot of pressure from the HQ to meet certain sales and margin targets every month,” said Tom Huang, an administration manager at the Wal-Mart in the city of Changde, which closed in March.
At around 8 p.m., when sales were slow, store-level managers responsible for various product categories would call wholesalers and “ask them to come down and buy” items in bulk, said Huang, a union representative who has been involved in legal efforts to get more severance for the laid-off Changde workers.
The company was losing money on bulk sales of groceries and barely selling above cost on a range of other products, Lin’s report said. Bulk transactions of 10,000 yuan and above were supposed to be approved by store managers, but to avoid the sign-offs, employees would simply break them up into smaller lots ’’against company policy’’ -- in one case splitting up a sale of 9,600 bottles of soybean oil into 32 separate transactions, Lin said.
Dove Chocolate
More recently, company purchasing managers would ask their product buyers each month whether they’d arranged enough bulk sales, one regional buyer said. The buyers would sell large quantities of products such as Dove chocolates, chewing gum and toilet paper to smaller wholesalers and mom-and-pop stores, the Wal-Mart buyer said.
In some cases, a store would register a sale to a supplier of the same goods the vendor had previously sold to Wal-Mart -- but the goods didn’t go anywhere, according to Lin. Recording the transaction would automatically trigger Wal-Mart’s ordering system to place a new order for the same goods, he said.
“It’s all engineered on paper,” Lin said. “The items never actually leave the shelves.”
A sale like that is “a plan designed to mislead. It’s inflating sales,” said Douglas Carmichael, former chief auditor of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and a professor at Baruch College in Manhattan . ’’It certainly would create a distortion of the income statement.’’
Orders Rise
To make up for the losses and low-margins earned on bulk sales, Wal-Mart product buyers looked to suppliers for help in the form of fees including cash rebates, according to Lin’s review and three former and current employees. Suppliers’ agreement to pay the rebates often came with “quid pro quo” commitments by Wal-Mart to order more merchandise, driving inventories even higher, Lin’s report said.
During U.S. earnings calls throughout Chan’s tenure, Wal-Mart’s Bentonville executives highlighted Chinese sales performance. In August and November of 2008, the company said same-store sales in China were strong and driven by increases of up to 18 percent in the size of the average transaction -- a sign that growth mostly stemmed from big sales.
No mention was made of sales of Wal-Mart merchandise to other retailers. In fact, individual customer traffic was beginning to fall, and transactions in the hypermarkets Lin examined fell 3 percent from 2008 to 2010.
Inventory Issue
As employees threw their efforts into making margins and sales look healthy, storage rooms were filling up. In 2010, month-ending inventory at the stores Lin studied was 12.3 percent higher on average than in 2009, while sales rose 8.3 percent. Unsold merchandise piled up inside stores and in storage containers behind them, according to one former executive in Wal-Mart Asia, who asked for anonymity to discuss an internal matter. He said warehouses were added across the country in 2009 and 2010.
Wal-Mart’s goal for years has been to keep inventory expanding at or below the rate of sales growth. The company said in August that it was disappointed that internationally inventory growth was outpacing sales.
In a superstore in Shenzhen, stock has been building up over the past 20 months or so, said Zhang Liya, who has worked for Wal-Mart for nearly a decade. Zhang said the inflow of produce, meat and other food has overwhelmed workers because there has sometimes been no place to put it.
Packed Room
A back room at one South China store shown to Bloomberg News in September held boxes of goods piled to the ceilings, covering light switches and leaving only a foot-wide aisle for employees to move around in. A Wal-Mart store in Shenzhen provided an address for a warehouse one employee said was opened to handle added inventory five years ago. At the address, a security guard said Wal-Mart had two warehouses there.
When the findings of his Feb. 14, 2011, report were presented to his boss, Shawn Gray, then vice president of operations in China, Gray said the “best option was to keep things quiet,” according to Lin. After a discussion of the issues with Roland Lawrence, then chief financial officer of Wal-Mart China, Lin said he saw no action.
Phone calls and e-mails seeking comment from Gray and Lawrence weren’t returned.
Lin then turned to Clara Wong, who was chief of human resources in China and also dealt with ethics issues, he said. After that, an investigating team from Bentonville arrived in China, interviewed Lin off-site for a full day, and imaged his laptop to scan for communications from senior leadership about the accounting issues, he said.
Personal Reasons
Another Wal-Mart delegation, including Scott Price , the company’s Asia CEO, arrived at the Chinese headquarters in Shenzhen later and met with the top management there.
Wal-Mart said in May 2011 that Rob Cissell, its chief operating officer in China, and Lawrence had left the company to “seek new development opportunities.” The next month, Wal-Mart announced Gray, vice president of operations in China, left the company for “personal reasons.”
Cissell said he left Wal-Mart to take another job, and that his departure had nothing to do with any internal report or allegation. He is now chief executive officer at Big C Supercenter, a retailer based in Bangkok, Thailand .
Lawrence is now vice president of finance for Asia at Denmark-based Carlsberg Breweries A/S. Gray is chief operating officer at Reliance Retail , based in Mumbai , India .
Wal-Mart named Lin as a vice president of financial services in April 2012. He left in May 2013 for his job with Visa. Lin said he traveled to Bentonville at one point after the report and bumped into Price and McMillon, who, through a Wal-Mart spokeswoman, declined to comment on Lin’s account.
“Doug took me aside, shook my hand and said, ’thank you very much for what you did over there,’” Lin said of the encounter. “That was it. No further follow-ups. Nothing more was discussed. It was like it all never happened.”
(An earlier version of the story was corrected to fix the number of new China stores.)
To contact the reporters on this story: Renee Dudley in Boston at rdudley6@bloomberg.net ; Liza Lin in Shanghai at llin15@bloomberg.net
To contact the editors responsible for this story: Robin Ajello at rajello@bloomberg.net Gary Putka at gputka@bloomberg.net Kevin Orland, Andrew Pollack
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.

Raghuram Rajan Says It s Not The Regulator s Job to Boost SensexArun Jaitley Resolves to Encourage Public, Private Investment in 2015
Governor Raghuram Rajan on Friday addressed India's top corporates on issues confronting the domestic and global economies. His speech came at a time when both the government as well as India Inc. have been gunning for a rate cut in view of the sharp slowdown in inflation.
Here are the important highlights of Dr Rajan's speech:
1) Boosting markets not the regulator's job: The RBI Governor stood his ground on interest rates and said central bankers have to go against popular opinion. The role of a regulator is not to boost Sensex, he said. Higher Sensex can at best be a collateral benefit not a primary objective... the underlying growth is more important, he added.
2) No tradeoff between inflation and growth: Dr Rajan said a central bank focused on containing inflation will ensure best conditions for sustainable growth. He added that "a glide path" towards lowering inflation to those levels worked best for India by ensuring moderate economic growth.
3) "Make for India" also important: For "Make in India" to succeed, the government needs to implement ambitious infrastructure plans and reduce the cost of doing business in India, Dr Rajan said. But "Make for India" is equally important because external demand is weak, he said.
4) India does not need to go out of the way to get foreign investors: "If we make it easier for young companies to do business in India, it will create a transparent and quick system and will do the same for foreign investors," Dr Rajan said.
5) Need for fiscal prudence: Noting that the new government has indicated that it will stick to the fiscal consolidation path, the RBI governor proposed a debate on whether India needed more institutions "to ensure deficits stay within control and the quality of budgets is high."
6) India needs foreign finance, but the best bet to attract foreign investment is through long-term equity or foreign direct investment, he said. FDI also brings new technologies and methods, Dr Rajan added.
7) Domestic demand should be financed through domestic savings: This will ensure systemic stability and not precipitate a crisis seen last summer, when hot money exited India at the first hint of a crisis, he said. "Some budgetary incentives for household savings could help ensure that the country's investment is largely financed from domestic savings," Dr. Rajan said.
8) World cannot absorb two Chinas: Over the last three decades, most East Asian countries have developed on the back of export-based growth. Counselling against such a policy, Dr Rajan said subsidizing exports with cheap inputs and undervaluing exchange rate will be unproductive as India is different from China.
9) Global economy remains weak: The US is the only major economy growing currently. Many economies are near deflation and secular stagnation has been building in the global system. Policy makers have to do more than resorting to monetary stimulus (print money) to lift growth.
10) Middle class growing anxious: Incremental growth is coming from new technologies and globalisation, which means that a lot of routine jobs have gone away. The middle class is desperately anxious in US and Europe, Dr Rajan said.
Story first published on: December 12, 2014 15:13 (IST)

BSE-listed SME firms  market cap tops Rs 10 000 crBSE-listed SME firms' market cap tops Rs 10,000 cr
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 12:27 AM IST
The total value of small and medium enterprises (SME) listed on the BSE SME platform crossed the Rs 10,000-crore mark, for the first time, on Friday. The market-capitalisation of the companies touched Rs 10,117 crore, an average market-cap of about Rs 120 crore per firm.
Set up in March 2012, the BSE SME platform boasts of 82 listed companies. Twenty-eight of these were traded on Friday. The total listed companies’ count on the platform is expected to go higher with 16 more companies at various stages of listing, the exchange said.
“India has a huge potential for SMEs and the success at BSE SME in less than three years of its setting up has opened up important avenues for high-growth SME companies to raise funds for their growth from public. This also proves Indian investors are willing to invest in the right companies, however small,” said Ashishkumar Chauhan, managing director and CEO of BSE, in a statement.
The platform, which was set up in March 2012, crossed the $1 billion-mark (about Rs 6,000 crore), in April this year.

Tech biggest wealth creator for equity investors in last 5 years  says studyTech biggest wealth creator for equity investors in last 5 years, says study
BS Reporter | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 12:28 AM IST
The information technology sector, which faced trouble during the 2008 financial crisis, has emerged as the biggest wealth creator from 2009, according to the 19th Annual Wealth Creation Study by Motilal Oswal Securities.
The best sector for wealth creation over 2009-14 has been information technology, as it has added Rs 7 lakh crore in investors' kitty. The automobile sector, which grew at a compounded annual rate of 41 per cent, with profits after tax growing at 60 per cent, came next. The profits were led by a “major profit turnaround in Tata Motors’ overseas subsidiary, JLR”, according to the study.
The study says overall outlook for the market remains robust and there is significant room for an upside. “Subject to global factors, market cap/gross domestic product (GDP) of 77 per cent leaves room for about 50 per cent upside over the next two years, as market cap heads towards parity with GDP”. Tata Consultancy Services, Eicher Motors and Kotak Mahindra Bank were the biggest, fastest and most consistent wealth creators.
*Disclosure: Kotak Mahindra and associates are significant shareholders in Business Standard Limited

McDonald s Marketing Miseryreddit
Since the mid-1990s, McDonald's has been chasing after consumer trends. That's probably why it's becoming increasingly irrelevant.
These days, McDonald's appears less as a corporation and more as a case of identity crisis on the Dr. Phil Show. Case in point: the release of its disappointing sales data this week. As soon as the numbers were out, the corporation openly confessed its many problems and promised to change to become a better person.
This marketing-oriented dynamic (customers, health scientists, activists, and the media complain and McDonald's reacts constructively by promising betterment) is fairly recent. Sometime during the '90s, when activists began questioning big brands and associating McDonald's with obesity, illness, and filth, the burger giant decided to face its critics head-on, in a rational enlightenment sort of way. In marketing speak, McDonald's began listening to its consumers. Or in Cluetrain manifesto speak, it began having conversations about how it could move from fast and convenient to fresh and healthy.
Here is an overview of the most popular conversations: too many choices (we will reduce the menu), lack of third-place appeal (we will become a coffee house), lack of customizability (we will introduce customized burgers), terrible service quality (we will improve service quality), dirty restaurants (we will create cleaner and more attractive restaurants), unhealthy food (we will provide a healthier menu), unethical worker treatment (we will devise more effective mentorship programs).
For the majority of its existence, however, McDonald's has followed a very different approach. The pre-1990s McDonald's was a bold and unapologetic cultural creative. Rather than changing its recipe every five minutes to meet societal trends, it actively moulded a society that met its own recipe's needs. McDonald's real accomplishment was to have created something that transcends conventional marketing: McDonaldization.
Coined by American sociologist George Ritzer, McDonaldization is a term that describes the ways in which a society adapts to the characteristics of McDonald's business model (e.g., efficiency, calculability, standardization, etc.). And while Ritzer's theory is utterly critical of McDonald's (for instance, he convincingly argues that McDonald's preference for rationality denies basic humanity), it also offers a sociological explanation for its economic success. Economic success here is not a matter of listening to consumers and then serving them but rather the other way around -- one of reshaping society (its roles, rituals, and understandings) in service of its own agenda.
Consider, as a case in point, children's birthday parties and family Sundays. When I was a child in the 1980s, these two domains were profoundly McDonaldized. They entailed entire sets of scripts, actors, roles, rituals, objects, etc. They were always the same: standardized, calculable, efficient -- and fun. There was no better way to become a popular kid in school or to accomplish middle-class family peace and happiness than an afternoon at McDonald's.
Today this statement seems strange -- and that's probably as much evidence for how society's tastes have changed as it is for how McDonald's has given up to McDonaldize society. We can imagine a life today where the absence of McDonald's (and the presence of, say, Chipotle) feels somehow more real, more authentic, and more timely. Having conversations about better menus, customizable burgers, and food processing will hardly change this imagination.
Follow Markus Giesler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drgiesler
More:

Xiaomi phones banned in India: VP Hugo Barra reactsChinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has suspended sales in India following directions of the Delhi High Court, restraining sales of its products. In connection with this decision, Xiaomi VP Hugo Barra posted the following letter on a social networking site:
A Letter to Indian Mi Fans
Dear Mi fans,
We have been committed to continue our sales of Redmi Note and Redmi 1S devices in India. In the last 2 days alone, we received about 150,000 registrations for Redmi Note on Flipkart and the momentum has been terrific.
However, we have been forced to suspend sales in India until further notice due to an order passed by the Delhi High Court. As a law abiding company, we are investigating the matter carefully and assessing our legal options.
Our sincere apologies to all Indian Mi fans! Please rest assured that we’re doing all we can to revert the situation. We have greatly enjoyed our journey with you in India over the last 5 months and we firmly intend to continue it!
Stay tuned for more information.
Hugo

India  China support trilateral dialogue wit...India, China support trilateral dialogue with US to deal with major global challenges
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 03.38PM IST
Tags:
China
(Minister of State for External…)
NEW DELHI: India and China today supported the idea of a trilateral dialogue involving them and the US to deal with major global challenges and ensure better mutual ties.
"I agree with the proposal to launch a trilateral talk between China, the US and India. I think it is a good idea. China is open to any dialogue if it produces peace and development. I think it is a very positive idea," Chinese Ambassador Le Yucheng said.
He was replying to a question at an interactive session at the conference on "Shaping the 21st Century: India, the US and China" organised by Bengaluru-based media group Deccan Herald.
Minister of State for External Affairs V K Singh also supported the idea, saying such a proposal will enhance cooperation between the three countries which have strong ties bilaterally with each other.
The idea for such a dialogue was mooted by former Union Minister Jairam Ramesh while addressing the conference.
Editor of Deccan Herald K N Tilak Kumar said the world today was witnessing a tectonic change with the phenomenal rise of China and the continued prominence of the US.
"Both countries are important to India and each one of the three have high stakes in economic ties with the other two," Kumar said, adding the kind of three-way relationship between them will be important not only to each of them but to the whole world.
The combined contribution of India, US and China to the global GDP is between 40 and 45 per cent and their population is estimated at 40 per cent of the world.
Singh and Le also agreed that the boundary question should be resolved mutually and peace and tranquility at the border should be maintained.
Listing the commonalities and shared interests, Singh said if "you have a trilateral dialogue, I think it will only further the type of interests (we are) seeking."
In his address, the Chinese ambassador said he was "very optimistic" about the "future" between India and China and underlined the need for ensuring peace on the border before reaching a final solution.
The Chinese envoy also talked about the trade imbalance with India and said China was opening up its market for Indian companies in many areas to find a solution to the issue.
Replying to a question on South China Sea dispute, he termed it as a complicated issue but asserted that China's sovereignty over the islands in the area was "undisputed".
"It is very complicated (issue). I think if we develop very good relation and cooperation with (concerned countries) we can find a way out. One thing is clear that China's sovereignty over these islands is undisputed," Le said.
In his address, the envoy said though China was "rising" as a major power, it does not seek "hegemony"
"China will remain a benign power and conduct its foreign policy in a constructive way and we will uphold international justice. We will seek cooperative relations with major powers and India. China is not a destroyer and challenger to world order. It is a contributor," he said.
Earlier, Ramesh strongly advocated an institutionalised mechanism for trilateral dialogue among the three powers to deal with issues like climate change, terrorism, energy security and to stop nuclear proliferation.
Ramesh said such a platform was necessary to ensure that differences on various issue do not result in "needless confrontation" and to ensure cohesion on strategic matters.
Identifying climate change as a major issue, he said no global pact to combat global warming was possible without an understanding among the US, China and India as they account for 45-50 per cent of world's green house gas emissions.
Currently, China accounts for about 29 per cent of green house gas emissions while it is 16 per cent by the US and 6 per cent by India. He also welcomed recent announcement by the US and China to take certain actions.
"Environmentally they may not be the most desirable or optimal actions. But these are politically and economically the most realistic action. I think the onus will be on India now to do something meaningful and substantial," he said.
Ramesh said combating terrorism and stopping nuclear proliferation were the other key issues the three countries should work together.
He said as three nuclear powers with substantial arsenals of "strategic and tactical" nuclear weapons, it was incumbent on the US, China and India to ensure nuclear non-proliferation and eliminate the threat of nuclear terrorism as well as to end weapons of mass destructions.
He said the three countries should also ensure that all the states are made accountable for actions of non-state actors whom they may be supporting tacitly. "All three countries have tremendous interests in ensuring that the sources of terrorism are eliminated."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sarpanch killed by unidentified gunmen in north KashmirComments
The body of a sarpanch, who was kidnapped by unidentified gunmen on Friday night, was found in Sopore area of north Kashmir's Baramulla district on Saturday.
Body of Ghulam Mohammad Mir (62) was recovered from a field in Shalabugh area of Sopore town, police said.
Mir was abducted by six gunmen from his residence in Tarzoo area of Sopore town at around 9pm on Friday night, a police official said.
Mir's family lodged a complaint with police following which a search operation was launched. The kidnapping cane three days after Sopore Assembly segment went to polls in the third phase.
This is the second sarpanch killing during the ongoing assembly elections.
On November 30, sarpanch Mohammad Sultan Bhat was shot dead in Shopian district. Another sarpanch was attacked in the run up to third phase of polling.
While the grassroot representatives have always been soft targets of militants in the valley, more than 12 panchs and sarpanches have been killed in Kashmir since panchayat elections took place in 2011.
While condemning the killing,  All Jammu and Kashmir Panchayat Conference chairman Shafiq Mir said that militants and other antidemocratic forces must read the writings on wall and shun the path of violence against the people of the state having opposite ideology. "They (militants) should realize that the people of the state have rejected their ideology and have proven their full faith in the democratic system. We will not let them to kill our leaders any more we will raise a banner of revolt against them soon if they didn’t stop attacks  on our leaders," said  Mir.
The apple town, hitherto known as separatist stronghold, saw a turnout of 30%, which was 10% higher than 2008 assembly elections.

Stock investing: Why analyst ratings matterPrint
A number of factors influence a stock investor before he or she settles on buying a stock or selling part of his or her holdings in the market. Here, an analyst rating is one very important factor that can swing a decision.
Most investors are merely concerned whether a particular stock is a good one or not. But an analyst’s equity research report gives ratings such as ‘overweight’, ‘neutral’ or ‘underperform/outperform’. More often than not, these can leave you confused.
Here we take a look at analyst ratings – what are they, what they mean and how they are of use to the average investor:
What Is a Stock Analyst Rating
Analysts and finance professionals conduct thorough research about companies, their business models, managements, investments, revenues & expenditures, etc. They then project the findings in a report along with details about why he or she believes a particular company will succeed or fail. To summarize the entire report, they then assign each company a rating on the basis of their likelihood of success or failure. This can be described as an analyst rating.
What A Research Report Contains
These reports running from one to twenty pages contain a detailed description of the company, the sector, other companies in the industry, as well as financial details such as current and expected profits, revenues and expenditures.
Based on the data presented, an analyst draws up opinions as to why the company is likely to perform better or report losses during a certain timeframe.
Usually, the stock target price for a year or two is presented and based upon it, a recommendation or rating like ‘buy’, ‘hold’, ‘accumulate’, ‘outperform/underperform’, ‘neutral’, ‘overweight’ etc. is assigned. Other stock-related trading strategies could also be mentioned like when to buy and sell.
Not All Ratings Are Equal
Every analyst or research report rating differs, even though the data and information they are based may be similar. For example, one analyst could give a company a ‘buy’ call, while another could give a ‘strong buy’ or ‘moderate buy’. Since the rating scales are not uniform, an investor could become confused with the different ratings to the same stock. In such a case, it would be better to read the fine print or at least the reason behind the recommendation. This could help you understand clearly.
Buy Sell Ratings
Often, you could see multiple reports giving ‘buy’ recommendations, but not many actually giving a sell recommendation. This does not mean you should actually buy every stock recommended. Before making a buy or sell decision, you need to realize that analyst’s reports are not meant to advise you ‘personally’. In fact, credible analysts are often seen emphasizing that investment decisions should not be made solely on their ratings.
Don’t Dismiss Analysts Ratings
Never invest your hard-earned money only based on an analyst’s ratings, but at the same time don’t dismiss the report. Other than considering the recommendation, do look up the figures and projections made in the research report. They contain a lot of information and can be used to complement your research and could help you to make an informed investment decision.
This work is produced by Simplus Information Services Pvt Ltd. Customer engagement through content.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
MORE ARTICLES FROM THE SAME PROVIDER

PM Modi to talk about drug problem in  Mann ...You are here: Home > Collections > Programme
PM Modi's 'Mann Ki Baat' radio programme tomorrow to focus on drug menace
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 03.44PM IST
Tags:
#MannKiBaat
(The Prime Minister has said…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will talk about the menace of drug abuse tomorrow in his monthly 'Mann Ki Baat' programme on radio.
"On Sunday at 11 AM, I look forward to sharing my thoughts during the #MannKiBaat radio programme," Modi tweeted today.
"As I said during the last programme, this time I would talk about the menace of drugs," he added.
In his second 'Mann Ki Baat' programme on November 2, Modi had said that some people had written to him about the drug menace. He had then asked people to share their views and suggestions on the issue.
"Several people shared ideas, comments & insights on the topic which have been both eye-opening & helpful. My thanks to them for contributing," he posted in another tweet.
The Prime Minister has said he will share his thoughts with the countrymen over radio every month through the 'Mann Ki Baat' programme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Death sentence for man convicted for murderous acidattackBy: Press Trust of India | Morena |
Posted: December 13, 2014 6:55 pm
The Gwalior bench of Madhya Pradesh High Court has upheld the capital punishment awarded to a man by the sessions court for causing a woman’s death by throwing acid on her.
The High Court on Friday dismissed the appeal filed by Yogendra Tomar against the verdict of additional sessions judge.
Assistant public prosecutor Ramniwas Tomar said that Yogendra threw acid on the woman, Ruby, on July 21, 2013 after forcing entry into her house in Morena town. Some acid also fell on her mother and brother, injuring them.
In her dying declaration, Ruby told the police that Yogendra wanted to have an intimate relationship with her and she had spurned him.
Yogendra, a married man, was allegedly involved in a murder earlier too, according to the prosecution.
On July 24 this year, additional sessions judge P C Gupta awarded death sentence to Yogendra. The division bench of Justices S K Gangale and Rohit Arya on Friday upheld the lower court’s verdict.

Book Taj entry tickets online fromChristmasBy: Press Trust of India | Agra |
Posted: December 13, 2014 6:46 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 7:04 pm
This Christmas onwards you won’t have to stand in long queues to buy tickets to enter Taj Mahal as the Archaeological Survey of India is launching the online booking of entry tickets facility.
“All arrangements have been made and our systems are in place. The trial will begin December 25. It has taken us a long time to work on this project which will change the image of the ASI,” Superintending Archaeologist, Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), N K Pathak said.
The Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) will be the service provider of the e-ticketing facility, in collaboration with the National Institute of Smart Governance, he said.
After one month trial of the e-ticketing facility at the Taj, the ASI would extend the similar facility to other monuments, managed by it.
ASI officials said the e-tickets will have security features including bar code, and bar code scanners would be installed at the entry gates.
The ASI is training its staffs for effective and efficient use of the facility, which is likely to put an end to the long queues at the ticket counters.
Tourists had to stand for long hours in queues to buy entry tickets.
Tourism circles in Agra have welcomed ASI’s initiative saying the facility would help check resale of entry tickets and fake tickets by unscrupulous elements.
It is said that the ensuing online facility would also help the ASI in managing the number of visitors.

J&K people have shown their faith in Indian democracy: PM ModiPress Trust of India | Dec 13, 2014 at 05:59pm IST
Kathua: Terming the ongoing Assembly election as "historic", Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said people of Jammu and Kashmir have shown their faith in Indian democracy by participating in large numbers in the polls which the world is closely watching.
"People of Jammu and Kashmir have shown full faith in the Indian democracy and given a strong message to the world. This has scripted history in independent India."
"This election has become very important for integrity and sovereignty of India. ...They (people of Jammu and Kashmir) have introduced Indian democracy to the world through the massive polling in Jammu and Kashmir elections. You have done a great work," Modi said.
Modi said that by pressing the electronic voting machine, people of the state have given a clear message to the world that the EVM is more powerful than the AK-47.
Hitting out at the previous government in New Delhi for all the ills in Jammu and Kashmir, he said "the work which could not been done by governments sitting in New Delhi, you (J&K people) have done it by pressing a simple button of EVM".
Modi said that by pressing the electronic voting machine, people of the state have given a clear message to the world that the EVM is more powerful than the AK-47.
"Several elections, including Lok Sabha polls, have taken place in recent times in which Modi came out victorious. Recently Haryana, Jharkhand, MP elections were held. But in the entire world, the elections in J&K are being discussed."
"Why are only the J&K elections being discussed across the world. What is the reason? The reason is over 70 per cent of polling," he said.
Seeking votes for a majority government of BJP in J&K for overall development in the state, Modi said, "The destiny of Jammu and Kashmir will only change through development. J&K needs schools, roads, water, power and health services. For this we need your support".
Tweet
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com - All rights reserved

Shah Rukh Khan Gets Relief From Income Tax TribunalShah Rukh Khan Gets Relief From Income Tax Tribunal
Press Trust of India | Updated On: December 13, 2014 20:09 (IST)
World's Super-Rich Spend $8 Billion on Alcohol: Survey
Mumbai: In a relief to actor Shah Rukh Khan, the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal has overturned an order of the tax authorities to add Rs 2.28 crore he had lent his wife as interest free loan to buy flat and jewellery to his net wealth.
The superstar's wife Gauri had used Rs 1.65 crore of the loaned amount to buy a house in Delhi and Rs 63 lakh for jewellery. The Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals) had ordered adding the amount to Mr Khan's net wealth for assessment year 2005-06 on the ground that it amounted to transfer of assets.
The Mumbai bench of ITAT held on Wednesday that the Commissioner of Wealth Tax (Appeals) was not justified in confirming the addition of Rs 2.28 crore to the actor's net wealth and had erred in holding that the house and jewellery purchased by his wife was an indirect transfer of assets.
Income tax authorities had held that the loan advanced by Shah Rukh Khan was an indirect transfer of assets by the assessee to his wife. Accordingly, the loan amount of Rs 2.28 crore was added to the net wealth of Rs 2.75 crore declared by the actor for assessment year 2005-06.
Mr Khan's lawyer Hiro Rai argued that that the assessee had extended a loan to his wife which cannot be said to be a transfer of assets. He cited a Karnataka High Court Judgement to support his argument that the loan given by Mr Khan to his wife was recorded in the books of account and cannot be treated as transfer of assets from husband to wife.
Income Tax counsel Jitendra Kumar argued that the loan amounted to indirect transfer of assets within the meaning of section 4(1)(a)(i) of the Wealth Tax Act.
ITAT, however, held that extending a loan to wife does not fall within the definition of 'Asset' under the provisions of the Wealth Tax Act and therefore it cannot be said that there was a transfer of asset from husband to wife as argued by the Income Tax authorities.
"We are not agreeing with the Assessing Officer since there is no 'transfer of asset' by the assessee rather an asset has been purchased in the form of a residential house after taking an interest free cash loan from the assessee. In our view, there is no transfer of asset by the assessee, as has been canvassed by IT Counsel and also held by IT Assessing Officer and IT Commissioner (Appeals)," ITAT members D Karunakara Rao and Joginder Singh ruled.
Wealth Tax is levied at one per cent on the net wealth (of an assessee) exceeding Rs 30 lakhs in a year. Net Wealth includes residential houses (with one house getting exemption) and jewellery.
Story first published on: December 13, 2014 19:52 (IST)

Best officers chosen to probe Saradha scam: CBI chief17
0
New Delhi: Newly-appointed CBI Director Anil Kumar Sinha on Saturday said the agency has deputed a Special Investigation Team (SIT) and the best officers from across India to probe the multi-crore rupee Saradha chit fund scam.
"Our best officers across the nation have been chosen to probe the Saradha scam. We take no pressure on our minds and work without worrying about the consequences," Sinha said at the Agenda Aaj Tak - 2014 conclave.
"We will be able to expose all those involved in the case very soon," said Sinha, who took over as the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) chief Dec 3.
Newly-appointed CBI Director Anil Kumar Sinha on Saturday said the agency has deputed a Special Investigation Team (SIT) and the best officers from across India to probe the multi-crore rupee Saradha chit fund scam.
#cbi #saradha scam #chit fund #tmc
He said some people will be satisfied while some won't be, but at the end of the day "we have to satisfy the law".
"We have to produce the evidence in court. It is not of our concern if somebody is disappointed," the CBI chief said.
Asked if the agency has enough manpower to crack the Saradha case and if there was any shortage of resources, Sinha said: "There is never always sufficient manpower in any police organisation.
"But we have to see the optimal utilisation of available resources. We have a dedicated team for this and it is capable of handling the case."
To a question if his organisation faced any political pressure in handling high-profile cases, he said: "Our duty is to investigate and inquire. The final verdict will be given by court. From my experience, I can tell you I never faced such pressure."
"I always tell my colleagues to do their work impartially. We have to do our work correctly and fearlessly all the time. We also make sure that we don't harass people unnecessarily," he said.
"We are not bothered about what some people are thinking. We move forward on the basis of facts and evidence. All our cases are under the purview of the court. We operate within the parameters of law and it's always a learning experience," Sinha added.
A 1979-batch Indian Police Service (IPS) officer of Bihar cadre, Anil Kumar Sinha succeeded Ranjit Sinha.
He has held several important positions earlier in vigilance and anti-corruption, administration and special branch.
7

If image is proof  PM should be arrested: Mamata | Mitra remanded to 4 days of custodyYou are here: Home > Collections > Banerjee
West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee attacks BJP, Centre, says TMC MPs to protest in Parliament
PTI Dec 14, 2014, 02.47AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(There are photos of the PM…)
KOLKATA: Rejecting the demand for sacking Transport Minister Madan Mitra arrested in Saradha scam case, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee today stepped up her attack on Narendra Modi saying "if image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the Prime Minister should be arrested for Sahara scam."
Appparently referring to photos of Mitra sharing the dais with Saradha Group chairman Sudipata Sen, who is now in judicial custody in connection with the scam, at a function, Banerjee said "if an image is a proof of criminal conspiracy, then the PM should be arrested for Sahara scam.
"There are photos of several CPI-M leaders with chit fund owners. There are photos of the PM with the Sahara chief. Should we demand that CBI arrest PM Narendra Modi? Banerjee told a rally of TMC workers here.
She said she would not fire Mitra as minister in the wake of his arrest and added that for the time being she will oversee the departments held by him.
Banerjee said Trinamool MPs would stage protests in parliament from Monday against the arrest of Mitra.
She charged CBI's image has been "dented" and it has been turned into a "political tool."
"CBI has lost all credentials. It has become His Master's Voice. CBI has become a political tool. It is time to wind it up. TMC MPs will protest in Parliament from Monday (December 15) against BJP's politics of vendetta," she charged.
"Stay within your limits or face the music," she warned BJP and the Centre and added "people of Bengal will not tolerate insult. They (BJP) are arrogant because they are in power."
In keeping with her street-fighter image, Banerjee hit the road along with thousands of partymen, including ministers and several sportspersons in a protest march against the arrest.
Banerjee defended Mitra and said "I do not believe that Madan is a thief or dacoit. His family pecuniary condition is not such that he had to take this money (from Saradha ponzi group) to sustain his family."
The chief minister said Mitra, a key party organiser and also state Sports Minister, was called as a "witness" to the CBI office and was arrested hours after and claimed this was done following a phone call from Delhi.
"His (Mitra's) son, who met him after the arrest, was told by Madan that CBI officials were just interacting with him and asking him as to which school and college he had studied in. At this stage, a phone call came from Delhi, following which he was arrested.
"Madan was called as a witness. If after being called as a witness, one gets arrested this way then no one will go to depose as witness," Banerjee said.
Referring to TMC's strength in Parliament, Banerjee said two or three of its MPs have been arrested in connection with scam so that it cannot use its full strength to cast votes against the central government.
Accusing BJP of playing politics of vindictiveness, she warned "it will boomerang on you when you will be out of power."
  "I must tell those who are in power - stay within your limits or you will face the music ... Governments come and go, democracy remains forever. Those in power in Delhi must remember that," the TMC supremo said.
"I am now in a position (as chief minister). If I had not been in this position, I would have pulled out the tongue," Banerjee said without elaborating.
"One BJP leader (Siddharth Nath Singh) and warned they will arrest Madan (Mitra) in 2014, Mukul (Roy) in 2015 and Mamata (herself) in 2016. What audacity ! We will see who stands where (in the elections)."
She asked party cadre to politically fight BJP. "They are trying to start riots in the state. We will never let them make this possible. What will happen if we (the state government) start arresting them ?
CPI-M reiterated its demand of questioning Banerjee in connection with the Saradha scam and termed her challenge to CBI to arrest her as "unconstitutional."
"She has challenged the Supreme Court's directive to CBI to probe the Saradha scam ... Being the chief minister of a state, how can she do this ? This is against Constitution... We are ashamed of this," Leader of Opposition in the state Surkyakanta Mishra said at a rally here.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Multiple attacks kill 19 in AfghanistanMultiple attacks kill 19 in Afghanistan
AFP
print
Taliban insurgents killed at least 19 people in a series of gun and suicide attacks in Afghanistan on Saturday, underlining worsening security as US-led NATO forces end their combat mission in the country.
A suicide blast wrecked an Afghan military bus in Kabul, killing at least six soldiers, while a senior court official was assassinated in the city and 12 Afghan mine clearance workers were gunned down in the south.
Two NATO soldiers were also killed on Friday in an attack in the east of Afghanistan, the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) said in a statement, without identifying their nationality.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for all the attacks.
The latest bout of violence comes ahead of the official end of NATO's war against the Taliban on December 31 after 13 years of fighting that has failed to thwart the Islamist insurgency.
The bloodshed has wrecked claims that the insurgency is weakening and highlighted fears that Afghanistan could trip into a spiral of violence as the US-led military presence declines.
NATO's force in Afghanistan will change on December 31 from a combat mission to a support role, with troop numbers cut to about 12,500 -- down from a peak of 130,000 in 2010.
On Saturday, casualties were rushed to hospital after a suicide bomber on foot detonated explosives next to the military bus in central Kabul.
"Six members of the ANA (Afghan National Army) have been martyred," defence ministry deputy spokesman Dawlat Waziri told AFP. "Many other people were taken to hospitals."
The Taliban have often targeted buses that take government and military personnel to work every morning in Kabul, despite efforts by security forces to provide protection for the vulnerable vehicles.
- Worsening security -
Earlier in the day, Taliban gunmen shot dead a senior Supreme Court official in the city as he left his home.
Insurgents also killed 12 mine clearance workers in the restive southern province of Helmand.
President Ashraf Ghani condemned the attack as "unjustifiable and un-Islamic".
The Taliban have targeted de-mining projects before, beheading seven workers in the western province of Farah in 2011.
On Thursday, a Taliban suicide bomber blew himself up among the audience at a French Cultural Centre in Kabul, killing one German national and wounded 15 others.
Other recent targets have included foreign guesthouses, a female Afghan member of parliament, a British embassy convoy and three members of a South African family killed when their compound was attacked.
US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said on a visit to Kabul a week ago that the upsurge showed "that the international community must not waver in its support for a stable, secure, and prosperous Afghanistan".
He insisted Afghanistan would not go the way of Iraq, where another US-trained army virtually collapsed in the face of an onslaught by Islamic State jihadists after American troops left the country in 2011.
But Afghan officials have expressed alarm over the challenge facing the local security forces who must increasingly tackle the insurgents without NATO military assistance.
Afghan soldiers and police have suffered soaring casualties, with more than 4,600 killed in the first 10 months of this year.
Ghani, who came to power in September, has vowed to bring peace to Afghanistan after decades of conflict, saying he is open to talks with any insurgent group.
Ghani finally emerged as president after signing a power-sharing deal with his poll rival Abdullah Abdullah.
The two men each claimed to have won fraud-tainted elections in a prolonged stand-off that caused political paralysis in Kabul and fanned instability nationwide.
 

Market to meander sidewaysTweet
With many large investors away on a year-end break, sharp moves are unlikely in December
Indian equities put up a subdued show last week. The Sensex and the Nifty remained shackled in a narrow range and ended the week marginally lower.
Investors who felt let down by the RBI Governor not lowering policy rates in the monetary policy were consoled by his statement that he will consider cutting rates early next year and that this could even happen outside the monetary policy cycle. It implies that we could have sudden rate cut sprung on us, if inflation stays benign.
With the monetary policy now done with, the market has few triggers to take it higher from these levels, at least in the short term. We are also in the month of December, when the holiday mood pervades investors, who are too tired to even work up the energy to go on a selling spree.
Neither rallies nor declines have too much momentum in this month, as many large institutions go on a year-end break and others are more interested in preserving the profits made during the year.
This mood was reflected in last week’s trade, when the indices closed lower in four out of five sessions, but the decline wasn’t deep enough to cause any concern. Lack of momentum can make the front-line indices drift lower in the near term. But there will not be any cause for concern unless the Sensex closes below 27,500 and the Nifty below 8,200.
We have a data-heavy week coming up, with industrial production and consumer price inflation numbers set to be released next week.
The Winter Session of Parliament and the passage of important bills such as the Insurance Bill will also keep investors riveted.
Movement of crude prices and the progress of the North-East monsoon will be other data that will be watched. Crude is attempting to stabilise around the $64-support indicated in this column last week. There is a high probability of a base formation around this level.
Momentum continues to slacken in the daily chart. This is reflected in the sell signal generated in the momentum indicators in the daily chart, such as the daily moving average convergence divergence indicator. But the fact that this indicator is still featuring in the overbought zone implies that the short-term trend has not reversed lower yet.
Weekly oscillators, however, continue to be positive, signalling a very strong medium-term trend. Oscillators in the monthly chart are also showing strong upward traction.
Sensex (28,458.1)
The Sensex remained in a narrow 500-point range last week.
The week ahead: We stay with the view elaborated in our last column. This could be the final leg of the move from October 17 low. The targets for this move are 28,701, 29,047 and then 29,187.
The first target has been achieved and the index is currently struggling to move past 28,800. If it manages that, then the next two levels will come into play.
Sell signals in short-term oscillators are signalling a possible extension of the correction in the short term. Supports in that event are at 28,184 and 27,753. Short-term traders can continue to buy in declines as long as the first support holds.
Medium-term trend: There is no alteration in the medium-term trend too. We could be nearing the end of the wave that began from the August 2013 low. The targets for this move fall between 28,270 and 29,717.
Since the first target has already been achieved, caution is advisable. But a reversal is possible anytime from this point. Key medium-term support is at 27,500.
Nifty (8,538.3)
The Nifty too was stuck in a narrow 100-point range last week.
The week ahead: The deterioration in momentum continues to signal caution. But the wave pattern signals the possibility of yet another lurch upward. This can take the Nifty to 8,682 or 8,793. Traders can continue to buy in dips as long as the index trades above 8,420. If this level is breached, the next supports are at 8,300 and 8,200.
Medium-term trend: We continue to advise caution from a medium-term view. The trend-following indicators continue to be strong. But we are close to critical medium-term targets.
The market could move sideways in December between 8,300 and 8,700 in December in a rounding top distribution pattern before a sell-off in January. A sharp move beyond 8,800 is needed to signal that the Nifty is moving towards 9,026 and 9,541.
Global cues
Global indices put up a mixed show last week. While European and US markets continued to hit new highs, some markets with larger weights assigned to commodity stocks, such as Brazil and Russia, recorded steep declines.
Strong US jobs numbers — with unemployment at a six-year low of 5.8 per cent and the strongest addition to jobs since January 2012 in November — pleased US investors, lifting US benchmarks to yet another record high.
The Dow has now moved close to the 18,000-mark. If this rally continues, the index will be on course to hit the next target of 18,550. Supports for the index stay at 16,652 and 16,000.
(This article was published on December 7, 2014)
Related

Feds Rule Employers Can t Stop You From Organizing Over Work EmailYour Boss Can't Stop You From Organizing A Union Over Work Email: Feds
Posted:
Email
Comment
WASHINGTON -- In a significant win for labor unions, federal regulators ruled Thursday that employers can't prevent their workers from using company email to organize and discuss their working conditions outside of work.
The decision issued by the National Labor Relations Board gives workers a statutory right to use work email systems for those purposes after hours, so long as they already have access to work email. The ruling overturns a Bush-era ruling by a more conservative labor board that said workers have no such right.
The outcome of the case, Purple Communications, Inc. and Communications Workers of America, is significant because it assures that pro-union employees can easily communicate with their colleagues about organizing. Aside from the right to pursue unionization, the ruling would also guarantee that workers can discuss basic things like pay and benefits via their work email without their bosses stopping them.
Employers had feared and probably expected just such a decision, considering the more liberal makeup of the NLRB in the Obama era. Board members called the decision "carefully limited."
In the case, Purple Communications, which develops communication services for deaf people, had maintained a policy stating that work email could be used for businesses purposes only. CWA, which lost a union election at the company in California, argued that the policy was too strict and infringed on workers' rights under the National Labor Relations Act, the Depression-era law establishing collective bargaining rights.
The board's three liberal members said the earlier ruling issued in 2007 didn't take into account the role that email plays in modern life. The two conservative members dissented.
"By focusing too much on employers’ property rights and too little on the importance of email as a means of workplace communication, the Board failed to adequately protect employees’ rights under the Act and abdicated its responsibility 'to adapt the Act to the changing patterns of industrial life,'" the majority wrote.
The ruling did, however, include two caveats. It limited the rights only to workers who otherwise have work email -- i.e., the ruling does not mean that companies have to give workers email access -- and it also carved out the possibly of "special circumstances" that would let an employer ban email use, when it was "necessary to maintain production or discipline."
Thursday's ruling was one in a batch expected to come down before the end of the year, when one current member's term will expire.
More:

Stephen Colbert Supports Fox News Host Who Thinks  America Is Awesomereddit
On Tuesday, Fox News' Andrea Tantaros provided media writers with some ripe content when she went on a brief rant following  release of the CIA's torture report to explain that America is "awesome." But no one was more amused than Stephen Colbert.
“The United States of America is awesome -- we are awesome," the Fox News host said on "Outnumbered." "The reason they want to have this discussion is not to show how awesome we are. This administration wants to have this discussion to show us how we’re not awesome.”
The report, comprised of 500 pages , provided raw details about the interrogation techniques used on terrorism suspects post-Sept. 11. Disregarding the report's gruesome content , several Fox News hosts insisted that it's release was timed by Democrats to shift focus.
"I am with Fox’s Andrea Tantaros, who is stoked for America, come whatevs," Colbert said Wednesday night.
"We are awesome, and we have to be awesome, because the people we're fighting are totally radical!" he continued, concluding: "That's why we had to resort to extreme measures."
More:

Shots Fired At Israeli Embassy In AthensGreek Authorities Investigate Gunfire Attack On Israeli Embassy In Athens
Posted:
reddit
ATHENS, Greece (AP) — Unknown attackers fired dozens of bullets at the facade of the Israeli embassy in Athens without causing any injury in a pre-dawn, drive-by attack Friday on one of the Greek capital's best-guarded buildings.
Police said 54 bullet casings from an AK-47 assault rifle — a weapon favored by Greek anarchist militant groups — were recovered outside the embassy, on a busy road junction that was closed to traffic for hours.
Nobody claimed responsibility for the attack, which occurred long before the building opened for business.
Officials in Athens condemned the shooting, stressing it would not affect the country's close ties with Israel.
"The Greek government is fully determined to ensure the protection of all diplomatic missions in Greece," a Foreign Ministry statement said. "Of course, particularly strong security and protection measures are in force at the Israeli embassy."
Police said the attackers were riding on at least one motorbike, and escaped after the attack, leaving the building pock-marked with bullet holes.
One year ago, a small left-wing terrorist group called "Popular Fighters" claimed responsibility for a similar gunfire attack outside the German ambassador's residence in Athens, which caused no injury.
More:

E-mail services may come under new Consumer Protection ActE-mail services may come under new Consumer Protection Act
Thomas K Thomas
Provisions will emphasise on national jurisdiction over foreign players
Mumbai, December 12:  
E-mail services provided by the likes of Google and Yahoo could come under the revised Consumer Protection Act which will allow users to file a complaint in consumer courts if there is a deficiency.
At present, the Act does not specify the norms for consumers using Internet services that are provided from international locations. If the Department of Telecom has its way, then the new provisions will be included in the Act to emphasise national jurisdiction over foreign players.
The DoT has sent its proposal to this effect to the Department of Consumer Affairs which has floated a draft Cabinet note to amend the Consumer Protection Act 1986.
“Issues of national jurisdiction would arise in case of certain electronic services that are carried across the borders of the country. The Bill needs to legally appreciate and make sufficient provision for protection of national jurisdiction in telecom and internet services,” an internal DoT note seen by BusinessLine said. “If there is a deficiency in e-mail services offered by multinational internet companies, it may become difficult to take action if lack of jurisdiction is invoked as mail servers may be located abroad,” it added.
Although most e-mails are free, there have been a number of instances where passwords of hundreds of users have been hacked and put up on the Web. Privacy is another major issue. E-mails are stored at multiple locations including the internet service provider’s server, and on the receiver’s computer.
The DoT has also agreed to shift powers of dealing with consumer grievance from the TRAI to Consumer Courts. “TRAI does not have the wherewithal to resolve individual grievances effectively and efficiently. Telecom consumers may find it more convenient to approach Consumer Court,” the note added.
However, the DoT said disputes between groups of consumers and telecom companies should continue to be under the jurisdiction of the TRAI and the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal.
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Banks must support nextgen of diamond firms: AWDC chiefBanks must support nextgen of diamond firms: AWDC chief
Tomojit Basu
Tweet
New Delhi, December 12 :  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Russian President Vladimir Putin aiming to boost bilateral diamond trade is good news for the domestic industry, it is imperative for banks to support the “next generation” of Indian diamantaires if the industry is to grow, said industry officials at the World Diamond Conference that ended here on Friday.
“Centres must be conscious that they need to prepare the next generation in this industry. The new Venus (Jewel), Hare Krishna (Exports) and similar giants will be created only if the banking system supports them. I request bankers to look at small and medium companies in India as this is where the future will be built,” said Stephane Fischler, President, Antwerp World Diamond Centre (AWDC).
Twelve Indian companies signed three-year contracts worth around $2.1 billion to source the precious stone from Russian diamond mining major ALROSA at the conference earlier. Indian companies like Hare Krishna Exports, Venus Jewel, Rosy Blue, Dimexon Diamonds, KGK Diamonds and the Karp Group are among those which will benefit.
Fischler added that the deal was unlikely to affect global supply channels. “International supply channels are already well established. What is important is to concentrate on the core competencies of distinct centres, whether in Antwerp, Israel or Mumbai, and to use synergies to better the industry”, he said.
Russian flavour
The conference was one that brought delegations from various parts of the world but retained a distinct Russian flavour with Modi and Putin jointly inaugurating the event.
The ALROSA deal was a step in the right direction, delegates felt, and the event had opened up possibilities of furthering Indo-Russian diamond trade with the Prime Minister announcing the establishment of Special Notified Zones to facilitate the import of rough diamonds on a consignment basis from Russia and allowing unsold ones to be exported back.
“The Government’s role starts with ensuring that we have responsible and sustainable mining plans. After that, it is to ensure that all diamond trade is transparent. We will help facilitate, not engage in business,” said Siddharth Singh, Joint Secretary, Commerce Ministry.
India imports most of its rough diamonds from Russia but domestic manufacturing costs and those borne by consumers are usually increased due to less than 20 per cent of the roughs coming in directly. Most reach India through hubs like Antwerp, Tel Aviv and Dubai.
Russia is the leading rough diamond producer while India is the world’s largest manufacturer of cut and polished diamonds.
“The relationship between these two countries must be nourished and they must come together in manufacturing to become a formidable unit. The contract between ALROSA and the Indian companies is a great initiative since it eliminates middle men,” said Maxim Shkadov, President, International Diamond Manufacturers Association (IDMA).
(This article was published on December 12, 2014)
Related

Hungry for foreign moneyT N Ninan: Hungry for foreign money
T N Ninan |  Dec 12, 2014 10:50 PM IST
The gold and silver that Indians imported last year, for reasons other than re-exporting as jewellery, was about $25 billion. They preferred investing in gold to alternatives like putting money in productive assets. Meanwhile, the value of Indian debt bought by foreigners last year was about $30 billion. These trends have continued into the current year; indeed gold imports quantities have gone up as prices have fallen. So we have been taking debt from the rest of the world, and spending most of the dollars so brought in to import gold. Not a very clever thing to do, is it?
The flip side of this equation is that, even as companies raise funds by selling debt paper overseas, banks in the country complain that companies don't look to them for finance; that there is no demand for credit. Domestic credit growth, at 10-11 per cent, is the slowest in all years other than the crisis year of 2009; indeed it may be slower than the growth in nominal gross domestic product (which is real growth plus inflation).
The explanation for these aberrations - "aberrations", because they are not sustainable - is that the world is awash in cheap money. Record sums out of the excess liquidity have come into India as debt paper because this country has attractive interest rates. The same high interest rates at home are what encourage companies to access cheaper capital overseas. Meanwhile, some of the money flowing in has gone into equity, and boosted share prices to unsustainable levels. Remember that our stock market is dominated by foreign institutional investors; domestic investors play only bit roles. The inflow of cheap capital has also kept the rupee at a high level, making exports uncompetitive and broadening the current account deficit despite falling oil prices. The whole equation helps foreign players, not Indians.
So when commentators write that the fall in oil prices will reduce global cash surpluses and, therefore, reduce foreign money inflows, I would say that it is about the best thing that could happen. Stock prices are inflated, and need a correction. Also, we should not be encouraging foreign debt when domestic banks can't find credit customers. As the outlook for cheap money has changed in recent days, the fall in the rupee's value will also make our foreign trade less unbalanced. Finally, as the inflation rate falls, retail customers might find that financial savings are a better idea than gold.
This view will be seen as "market-unfriendly", and attract criticism from market fundamentalists as well as those who have a stake in driving stock prices higher (company promoters, fund managers - mostly foreign). To his credit, the Reserve Bank governor, Raghuram Rajan, has spoken out repeatedly about the backwash effects on economies like India's that result from the liquidity-pumping policies of the rich economies. No one in those economies is going to listen to him. Unlike our experts, the smart guys in those countries don't care more for markets than for the health of their economies and for jobs. So Dr Rajan should take some steps of his own. For a start, he should stop opening the door wider for foreign commercial debt.
Total foreign debt has been climbing by an average of about $40 billion each year, and the share of commercial debt in that has been growing. Four financial years ago, the country's foreign exchange reserves fully covered overseas debt (both were just over $300 billion). Now the reserves cover barely two-thirds of such debt (which has grown to $450 billion). That ratio is at a safe enough level. However, if policymakers continue to expand the role of foreign debt while reserves grow slowly, red flags will go up at some point. It is time to signal to companies that they should look more to domestic credit providers, who have cash to lend. The beneficial effects will be felt throughout the system.

Where now for global growthSuman Bery: Where now for global growth?
Suman Bery |  Dec 12, 2014 10:49 PM IST
In October, Christine Lagarde, the International Monetary Fund (IMF)'s managing director, noted that seven years after the global financial crisis of 2007 the global economic recovery remained uneven and disappointing. She added that there was a significant risk that future growth would remain "mediocre" without concerted policy action. Similar sentiments were expressed by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development a month later, setting the stage for the G20 Leaders' Summit in Brisbane in mid-November.
Since then, the United States Federal Reserve has terminated its most recent round of so-called quantitative easing (buying government bonds to boost its balance sheet). Its decision has been vindicated by official growth estimates for the third quarter being revised upward to 3.9 per cent at a seasonally adjusted annual rate and strong employment growth, in turn prompting a sharp rebound in equity markets.
While the United States recovery has gained traction, and the United Kingdom growth also seems robust, Japan and several European countries both within and outside the euro zone continue to flirt with deflation. This has prompted further quantitative easing in the first case and a strong expectation of the same in the second case. Given these diverging economic trajectories, the dollar has been engaged on a steady climb against most currencies. Meanwhile, the price of oil for near-term delivery, measured in dollars, has also declined sharply, with the drop gaining further momentum following the decision by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries at its meeting of November 27.
To a confusing global economic picture, geopolitics adds further uncertainties. Tensions in West Asia, discord between the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and Russia, and skirmishes in the seas around China further test economic resilience. Most recently, Greece has added its flavour to this stew by advancing its presidential election. The fear in markets is that this could trigger elections that would bring in forces hostile to the country's IMF-supported programme.
What now lies ahead, for the world, and, therefore, for India? It remains useful to go back to the financial crisis that began in 2007, and to follow three separate narratives. These are the advanced market economies, notably the United States, Europe and Japan; China; and the larger emerging markets excluding China.
For the United States and much of Europe, 2008 was what economists call a "balance-sheet" crisis, rather than a normal business cycle recession. The former is characterised by the destruction of wealth and the need to repair balance sheets in both the financial sector and in the real economy (corporate, household, government). The latter is driven by imbalances between total expenditure and available supply, reflected in inflation or a current account deficit.
As the current conjuncture demonstrates vividly, the two are deeply connected. By depressing demand, a balance-sheet crisis can and does lead to an imbalance between demand and supply. From the work of two American economists, Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff (among others), we now know that such balance-sheet crises have been a feature of capitalist societies since the invention of banking, and that recovery, even in the presence of effective and timely policy, can take almost a decade. The so-called East Asia crisis of the late 1990s was also such a crisis, and the countries affected (Korea, Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia) recovered at various speeds depending on the swiftness of policy response. The principal surprise this time around is that the crisis originated in the United States, which regarded itself as the most sophisticated and well-regulated financial system in the world.
What is most relevant for our discussion has been the nature, sequencing and relative speed of the United States response, despite a deeply divided political landscape. The United States authorities prioritised repairing a discredited and an unpopular financial system with public funds and chose to bear the political odium for doing so, deferring fiscal adjustment till recovery was well-established. There is still some distance to go, particularly in the labour and housing markets, and in the return of corporate investment. In addition, there is limited scope for additional policy response should the financial system suffer another shock. Fortunately for global adjustment, of the major advanced economies the United States is probably most willing to accept an appreciation of its real exchange rate, and thereby to provide a boost to demand elsewhere in the global economy.
By contrast with the United States, the specific institutional arrangements of the euro zone have impelled it to privilege fiscal adjustment over bank cleansing. The growth costs of this choice (or necessity) have been amplified by the reversal of capital flows from the peripheral members of the zone to the core, and by the greater reliance by European business on bank finance. As the case of Greece demonstrates, this delay is politically costly, although other programme countries, such as Spain, Ireland and to some degree Portugal, have a better story to tell. However, two major euro-zone economies, France and Italy, remain stagnant. Finally, Japan is once again making an attempt to break out of its deflationary mindset, but 20 years of low growth have significantly reduced its global significance.
The stories of China and of the other emerging markets are intertwined, but are fundamentally different. These countries did not suffer the same kind of banking crisis on this occasion (although they have before and could again), but arguably overdid their stimulus in response to the crisis. This was good for the global economy and for commodity exporters, both rich (Australia, Canada) and the less rich (Brazil, Russia, Indonesia), not so good for commodity importers such as India. But it has left China with massive over-capacity that, together with monetary policy tightening, is the source of its flirtation with "low-flation", if not outright deflation.
What then is the prospect facing India? Since early this year, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan has warned that moves in the advanced countries to tighten monetary policy could cause ructions in global financial markets, and this is proving to be the case. Fortunately, the impact of Federal Reserve tightening is being considerably tempered by the continued easy money of Japan and the prospect of the same from the European Central Bank. The slowing of Chinese growth is similarly a silver lining with a cloud: its impact via low oil prices helps us, but it reduces demand for our direct exports and those of our neighbours. My overall judgement is that while the level of uncertainty has risen, the deeper trends are largely in India's favour. It is a moment, therefore, to be seized to put our own house in order.
The writer is chief economist, Royal Dutch Shell. These views are his own

Doctors join gallery of the fallenSubir Roy: Doctors join gallery of the fallen
Subir Roy |  Dec 12, 2014 10:47 PM IST
We asked our daughter's friend, who shares a flat with a couple of other girls, to come and stay with us as she was not too well. When her fever would not go away, I dropped her at the outpatients department (OPD) of a nearby corporate hospital to consult a good physician. Then came the phone call. While in the queue to register, she felt giddy as the fever had shot up. She was promptly taken to the emergency ward and put on drip to administer paracetamol, so that it took immediate effect and brought down the fever.
We panicked, not because we were seriously worried about her condition, but what it meant to land up at the emergency ward of a corporate hospital. Before you knew it, they would admit her, put her through a dozen tests, have a dozen consultants see her, and when she would be discharged in a couple of days as there was nothing seriously wrong with her, she and her parents would be down by thousands of rupees.
Thankfully, the doctor, when he saw her, did not recommend admission but asked her to come the next day and undergo several tests. The list included a couple of tests that had been performed days ago - one by a very reputed laboratory! If you land up before a doctor these days, the first thing he will do is order a plethora of tests (clinical skills died some time ago) and indicate that you get them done at a laboratory he can "trust". And if it is the OPD of a corporate hospital, then, of course, it has to be done there itself.
This came close on the heels of the troubles afflicting a relative over 80 who has difficulty moving about. A succession of doctors - general practitioner, orthopaedic, gastroenterologist and even psychiatrist - who could be persuaded to come home had seen her. But we were nowhere near a clear diagnosis. Then we consulted a top city doctor (a close relation) connected with a leading hospital whether we should admit her to a hospital where some leading specialist could come and see her.
What he advised us was a revelation. "Try not to get into the clutches of such institutions and the doctors attached to them. You may or may not eventually get a proper diagnosis, but most certainly you will end up paying a fortune in diagnostic tests, consultants' fees and room charges." And then came the clincher. "She may even pick up an antibiotics-resistant hospital infection that is becoming more and more common."
This was not the first time I had heard of the dreaded hospital infection. An ageing family friend was narrating his recent brush with a medical emergency. He had to be hospitalised but was lucky. Why? "Thank god, they did not put me into an intensive care unit (ICU). Once you get into one of those, you run a high risk of picking up a hospital infection." In all these instances, it was not the actual ailment but the fear of being fleeced or being afflicted by something that you did not have in the first place (hospital infection) that was paramount.
How widespread such feelings were hit me when the wife and I recently saw the film Khaad by the acclaimed director Kaushik Ganguly. It uses a fairly conventional device of a group of people isolated from others - in this case tourists stranded overnight in a jungle by a road accident - and thereby forced to come to terms with each other and, more importantly, the demons within themselves. In a series of confessions coaxed out of them by a fellow traveller priest, they reveal terrible secrets that the world around them have not known. The stories, handled well, made for compelling viewing.
Among the tourists was a well-established doctor and his companion. She was not his relation, as was earlier made out, but a smart escort and he was not on his own holiday but one paid for by a pharmaceutical company. I thought if such a narrative has become so common in our society that a film director picks it up along with other typically ones like a retired teacher confessing to once taking liberties with a young female student, then it says something about how doctors are viewed today.
When the better-off fall ill, the topmost worry is often not how serious the illness is but the thought that one might be ripped off by a greedy bunch of professionals who have traditionally occupied a very respected position in society. Nobody thinks much of the moral integrity of a corporate hospital, but if I were a doctor, I would be worried. The dada whose advice my father valued the most on all matters, not just medical, was a family friend and renowned physician, a contemporary of B C Roy, who worked with a stethoscope and little else.

Lessons from US Senate s report on CIA s methodsDevangshu Datta: Lessons from US Senate's report on CIA's methods
Devangshu Datta |  Dec 12, 2014 10:48 PM IST
The United States Senate's report on the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)'s brutal interrogation methods has highlighted the fact that asymmetric conflicts are always dirty. Nobody has worked out effective, clean methods of fighting asymmetric conflicts and the Geneva Convention doesn't apply, even in theory. The unconventional side indulges in random violence and terrorism. The conventional side tortures and kills civilians, some of whom are bound to be innocent.
Since 9/11, the world has been embroiled in a dirty asymmetric war. The scale and scope of the CIA's actions reflect the global nature of the conflict. The report also shows that torture just isn't very useful in developing actionable intelligence.
India has plenty of experience of internal dirty wars. Kashmir has been a sore point since 1989. The Left Wing Extremists (LWE) have been in business across seven states for the past decade. Nagaland and Manipur have lived with permanent insurgencies for the past 50-odd years.
There were earlier long-running conflicts in Assam, in Mizoram and in Tripura. There was the Punjab. Prior to the Punjab, there was the Naxalite business with its epicentre in Bengal. Apologies if I've missed out on the odd Kamtapur, Bodoland and Tebhaga.
These conflicts have affected hundreds of millions across generations and collectively, brutalised the entire security establishment. To my knowledge, nobody has done an analysis of how much such internal wars have cost, directly and in missed opportunities. Nor have there been studies of the psychological impact on children who grow up in the middle of violence.
The costs must be vast. Consider a hypothetical situation where India did not suffer internal conflicts. If gross domestic product had compounded at one per cent more every year across 65 years as a result, the economy would be twice as big.
The military methods that work in winning asymmetric wars tend to be unacceptable. For example, mass extermination. In Indonesia in 1965-66, a communist insurgency was put down by killing over 500,000 civilians. The Sri Lanka civil war also ended with vast killings of civilians.
Joseph Stalin used mass deportation to suppress revolt in Chechnya, holding a large number of Chechens hostage in Siberia. This was too extreme a solution for Vladimir Putin to attempt a reprise during the Second Chechen War.
The British won the Boer War by conceptualising "concentration camps". Afrikaner women and children were incarcerated in camps, creating hostages and depriving the Boer Kommando (guerrilla bands) of food, shelter, etc. Over a century later, there is still bitterness in South Africa about the women and children who died of disease and starvation in camps. ("Kommando" and "concentration camp" were coined during the Boer War, though both words later acquired different meanings.)
The Chinese have been experimenting with "demographic swamping" in Tibet and in Xinjiang, where the Beijing regime faces hostility from local ethnic groups. Large-scale immigration by majority Han Chinese into the trouble spots is encouraged. The rebellious locals will eventually be reduced to an insignificant minority. Of course, this requires ancillary measures like confiscation and redistribution of land, employment-related incentives that discriminate against locals, etc.
The Indian state won against the Khalistanis and beat the first wave of Naxalism by shotgun approaches. Large numbers of young men were picked up, tortured and killed by security forces. Thirty years later, those methods are difficult to replicate without outcry. They are also less effective, going by the Kashmir and the LWE experiences.
If the military solutions are unacceptable, political solutions must be attempted. The Indian experience suggests that political resolution can take decades even when it works, as in Mizoram. The direction of the global conflict since 9/11 reinforces the impression that resolution takes a very long time.
Torture and extra-judicial killings diminish everyone concerned. The torturers end up damaged, and, of course, so do victims. The Senate report also indicates torture is ineffective. It is a great pity that America could not find more acceptable and effective means of fighting such wars.

BJP attacks JD(U) govt over PMC Commissioner suspensionBy: Press Trust of India | Patna |
Posted: December 13, 2014 5:27 pm
Opposition BJP on December 13 accused state government of suspending Commissioner of Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) under “pressure” of builders and land mafias.
“An honest IAS officer has been suspended in a humiliating manner under pressure from builders and land mafias linked with ruling JD(U),” senior BJP leader and former Deputy Chief Minister Sushil Kumar Modi said in a statement reacting sharply to state government ordering suspension of PMC Commissioner Kuldip Narayan.
“When the Commissioner refused to surrender to pressure exerted by people in power, he has been punished for his honesty,” Sushil Modi, who is the leader of opposition in Legislative Council, said.
The BJP leader pointed fingers at former Chief Minister Nitish Kumar.
“PMC Commissioner has been suspended for initiating action against builders close to a legislator considered as right hand man of the former CM and Rajya Sabha member RCP Singh,” Sushil Modi alleged.
The state government had been looking for ways for last 18 months to remove Kuldip Narayan. The state government went even to Supreme Court but did not succeed, he said adding now they have suspended him on “frivolous” charges.
“In the last 25-30 years its for the first time that an IAS officer has been suspended on baseless charges,” Sushil Modi said.
Reports suggest that the state government suspended PMC Commissioner after finding his replies on six counts including failing to keep capital town clean, preventing outbreak of dengue and not purchasing fogging machine among others.
The Patna High Court had yesterday taken strong exception to reports of the state suspending the Commissioner of PMC when it had put a stay on it.
A division bench of Justice V N Sinha and Justice Prabhat Kumar Jha posted the matter for hearing on coming on December 15.
Sushil Modi appealed to IAS Association to strongly protest the “unconstitutional and tyrannical” approach.
IAS Association had last evening held a meeting over PMC Commissioner suspension and later met Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi.

Petroleum regulator draws up guidelines for pipeline safetyPetroleum regulator draws guidelines for pipeline safety
Sudheer Pal Singh | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 10:43 PM IST
Downstream petroleum , Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB) has worked out new guidelines for implementing a safety mechanism for the country’s oil and gas pipeline infrastructure. The new guidelines come close on the heels of the latest 350-tonne oil spill in the ecologically sensitive Sunderbans, giving a tough time to Indian and Bangladesh authorities.
The regulator has floated the draft of the new guidelines — PNGRB (Integrity Management System for Petroleum and Petroleum Product Pipelines) Regulations 2014 — for consultations. They will be applicable uniformly to all oil companies.
“These regulations shall cover all the existing and new petroleum and petroleum product pipelines. This includes the associated facilities required for transportation for petroleum and petroleum products through pipelines, including storage facilities, delivery stations or terminals, intermediate pigging facilities, pumping stations, etc,” PNGRB said in its draft rules.
The new rules, built on a similar mechanism followed in the US to protect oil infrastructure, aim at evaluating risks associated with pipelines and allocating resources for their prevention; improve safety of infrastructure to protect personnel and environment; and having effective systems to minimise pipeline failures.
While the latest oil spill in Sela river,  that runs through the ecologically fragile Sunderbans, resulted from the sinking of an oil tanker after it collided with another vessel, most oil spillage accidents in India have occurred owing to bursting or leaking of pipelines. Such incidents have often resulted in large scale fires. A case in point is the June 2014 fire in gas utility GAIL’s pipeline in East Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh. Over 14 people had died and 15 critically injured in the gas leak-cum-pipeline burst.
Under the new system, all pipeline operators would have to conduct in-line inspection of pipelines to locate deformation, corrosion, detection of pressure loss due to rupture and use of sensors for detecting oil and gas leaks. Also, the companies would have to conduct ground, aerial and electronic surveys at regular intervals to locate and check leakages and pilferage. Satellite imaging methods will also be used to check pipeline disruptions every month.
The IMS was first employed by the US’ Department of Transportation in 1970 which led to the development of Managing System Integrity for Hazardous Liquid Pipelines document. In India, commercial use of petroleum pipelines started in the late 1980s with the commissioning of Guwahati-Barauni petroleum pipeline.

Yechury criticises Govt for reversal of people-centric policies  says countrys economic situationbleakBy: Press Trust of India | Guwahati |
Posted: December 13, 2014 7:00 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 7:05 pm
Criticising NDA government for its alleged “reversal” of many people-centric policies, Opposition CPI(M) on December 13 termed the overall economic situation of the country as “bleak”.
The party’s politburo member Sitaram Yechury said his party along with other left and secular forces will continue to oppose the anti-people policies by the BJP-led government inside the Parliament.
“The overall economic situation of India is very bleak. Many of the previously decided policies or schemes for the poor have been watered down or reversed, which is not acceptable to us. Greater miseries of people are compensated (glossed over) by the communal agenda of BJP,” Yechury told reporters here.
The Rajya Sabha MP cited examples of reducing assistance to MGNREGA scheme, suspension of new proposals under Northeast Industrial and Investment Promotion Policy, raising of excise duties on petrol and diesel even as global prices are coming down and falling industrial growth among others.
Yechury said all these steps are being taken to encourage the foreign companies at the cost of domestic industry, which is clearly visible from the government data released on December 12 that industrial production saw the sharpest contraction in three years of 4.2 per cent in October.
“The Narendra Modi government is saying inflation is also falling. But it is falling because people are not purchasing as there is no money. During the festive season, sale of all consumer goods were down,” he said.
Besides, the cultivable agricultural land in the country has shrunk for the first time in 15 years, Yechury said.
He said falling in Index for Industrial Output (IIP) resulted job losses and the negative sentiment among common people is being diverted into communal passion, leading to rise in riots.
“Recently we have seen number of BJP MPs making extreme hate statements. They were forced to withdraw and apologise. This phenomenon clearly shows the mindset of the government. As they failed on any substantial developmental work, they want to divert attention by communal propaganda,” he said.
Expressing concern over a recent incident of conversion, Yechury said, “How are you going to decide which caste will he go into? The Muslims are offered reservations, which means you are converted into Dalits or other lower castes. The recent conversion took place under the influence of money,” he added.
“Now mass conversions are going on. During Christmas, huge conversions are planned for Christian people. This is a very serious issue. It is being done only for vote bank politics,” he said.
Yechury also expressed concern over doing away with the tradition in Parliament that before introducing any new bill, it has to be sent to respective Standing Committees for its recommendations.
“Standing Committee is like a mini Parliament, where all parties have representatives. Its recommendations are very important as it thoroughly examines any new bill. It is an old tradition, but the Modi government has reversed it. It is very dangerous and an expression of arrogance,” he added.
The CPI(M) member cited example of passing of the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Bill on December continued…

U-turn by Hindu groups: No honour for HRS chief Desai as wife backsoutWritten by Chandan Shantaram Haygunde | Pune |
Posted: December 13, 2014 7:20 pm
 
A day after The Indian Express report, the Hindutva groups have now taken a U-turn about giving “Hindutva Shourya Puraskar (Bravery award)” to Dhananjay Desai alias Bhai, chief of Hindu Rashtra Sena (HRS), who is currently in jail in connection with the murder of Muslim techie Mohsin Shaikh.
As per the plan set initially, Desai’s wife Rasika was to collect the award on his behalf at the hands of none other than Pramodi Mutalik of Shriram Sena, during a function – Shivpratap Din Utsav — organised mainly by the Samasta Hindu Aghadi, involving various Hindutva groups in Pune, to remember the heroic victory of legendary king Shivaji Maharaj over Adilshahi warrior Afzal Khan. The program is being conducted at the New English School Tilak road on Sunday evening.
But the plans were changed at an urgent basis as media persons started calling Milind Ekbote of Samasta Hindu Aghadi, the main organiser of the function, following The Indian Express report.
Ekbote now said that Dhananjay Desai’s wife is not willing to accept the honour as he is in jail. “She said it was not good to accept the honour when her husband is in jail. She said the Hindutva Shourya Puraskar should be given to Dhananjay Desai after he is released from jail. We respect her feelings and so no Hindutva Shourya Puraskar will be given on the Shivpratap Din Utsav. But the rest of the function will take place. Pramodji Mutalik will deliver a speech. There would be cultural program as well. And we would be felicitating advocate Nandu Phadke with Gopinath Pant Bokil Puraskar on the occasion.”
Ekbote had earlier said that they Desai was being honoured for uniting a large number of Hindu youths and created awareness among them on cow slaughter and love jihad. Ekbote maintained that Desai has been falsely arrested in the Mohsin Shaikh murder case only because he is a firebrand Hindutva leader. Ekbote said honor had nothing to do with the murder case. “Desai is in jail for over four months for no reason. But he is still committed to the cause of Hindutva,” he said.
Desai is among the 21 HRS activists arrested by the Pune police in connection with the murder of a 28-year-old Muslim techie Moshin Sadiq Shaikh in Hadapsar on June 2, this year following the communal clashes that started due to the spread of derogatory pictures of Maratha King Shivaji and Bal Thackeray uploaded on a Facebook (FB) profile.

Police recovers body of kidnapped Sarpanch inBaramullaBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar |
Posted: December 13, 2014 7:19 pm
The body of a sarpanch, who was kidnapped by unidentified gunmen last night, was found in Sopore area of north Kashmir’s Baramulla district on September 13.
Body of Ghulam Mohammad Mir (62) was recovered from a field in Shalabugh area of Sopore town, police said.
Mir was abducted by six gunmen from his residence in Tarzoo area of Sopore town at around 9 PM on December 12 night, a police
official said.
Mir’s family lodged a complaint with police following which a search operation was launched.
The kidnapping cane three days after Sopore Assembly segment went to polls in the third phase.
The apple town, hitherto known as separatist stronghold, saw a turnout of 30 percent, which was 10 per cent higher than 2008 assembly elections.

To these from birth is Belief forbiddenBy Eugene Volokh December 12, 2014 Follow @volokhc
Readers of the blog know how much I like Rudyard Kipling’s “Sons of Martha.” One phrase from the poem was bouncing around in my head when I was thinking back on the Rolling Stone UVa alleged gang rape story : “To these from birth is Belief forbidden.”
Kipling, of course, was writing about engineers, not about journalists; though both are “concerned with matters hidden,” they are concerned in different ways, and they worry about different things. (Engineers rarely need to deal with physical laws lying to them, or even physically laws innocently forgetting vital details.) But both need to be primarily skeptics, rather than Believers.
Oh, and if you haven’t seen the poem before, read it — you’re in for a treat.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

The boy who yearned for a laptopGeetanjali Krishna: The boy who yearned for a laptop
Geetanjali Krishna |  Dec 13, 2014 12:14 AM IST
Over the years, people have come to realise that I'm a sucker for stories. So much so that I can't seem to ask a driver, maid or vendor how they are anymore, without them expectantly waiting for me to scribble notes. So the other day, when my regular vegetable vendor's son Raju stopped by with his horse cart, asked for water for his horse and sat down on the steps, I knew I was in for yet another story.
Raju is a Class XI student of science, studies through open school and lives with his mother in their village near Agra. Whenever his father has to go to the village to tend to their field, Raju comes to Delhi to take care of their horse and the vegetable vending business. "My father needed to spend a fortnight in the village to irrigate the fields, so here I am," he said. "But this time, I've also got another agenda. I want to buy a laptop for myself."
"I live in Agra, even though Delhi has better opportunities. But our land is there and my father can't afford to keep me here unless I work. Since I'm studying through open school, I feel I am not getting enough exposure," he said. Just then, a few more customers came, and Raju cleverly sweet-talked them into buying some relatively expensive peas. The minute they left, he resumed his monologue.
"With a laptop, I can be more like the boys in Delhi. They know so much more..." Raju said. How would a laptop help him, I asked. "Even though I live in a village near Agra, I could stay connected to people in Delhi and Mumbai with a laptop," he said. "Maybe then, I won't seem like a village yokel when I come to Delhi!" I told him his selling skills could put his father's skills to shame, but being better than his father didn't seem as important to him as did fitting in with his urban peers. Did he plan to use it to study, I asked. "First, I'd have to learn better English, as I'm currently studying in Hindi medium," he said. But he'd heard there was software available to help people like him learn to speak in English. "I want to use them, as not speaking English is a huge disadvantage in today's world," he said. Also, Raju wanted to check out online shopping. "My friends say one can get cheap shoes and jeans online," he said. "Maybe if I learn enough, I can sell vegetable online."
I was impressed by his hunger to make something of his life, even though he'd been deprived of things that urban kids his age often took for granted. "Please help me find a cheap laptop," he begged. I asked around, and the next day, when he came around, I mentioned that someone I knew was willing to sell his for Rs 10,000. "That's too expensive," he said ruefully. "I can only afford half that amount..." Every morning he'd ring the bell and hopefully ask if I'd found a cheaper laptop. Every morning, I'd have to disappoint him.
Two days ago, Raju came to say goodbye. "My father's back, so I'm going home. I'll return only around March, harvest time. Please see if you can find me a laptop by then," he said. As I watched his horse cart disappear round the corner, I wondered why the National Institute of Open Schooling does not include easy access to computers as part of its senior secondary programme. The internet today offers more learning opportunities than most schools anyway. Until it does, Raju and countless others like him, will continue to yearn for laptops as passports to a better life.

GOSF saw nearly 80 lakh visitors  says GoogleeCommerce Google India
(People from 220 cities in…)
BANGALORE: Google on Saturday said that the Great Online Shopping Festival saw nearly 80 lakh visitors during the 3 day festival.
The site clocked a total of over 1.4 cr visits including the earlier promotion period. "Compared to last year, the user engagement is up by 7 times," said Nitin Bawankule , Industry Director, eCommerce Google India .
People from 220 cities in India participated in the festival. Shoppers form smaller cities like Ranchi, Guntur, Hubli and Bareilly also ended up on the site.
Nearly 40% of all visitors went to the Rs 299 corner, where all the deals cost only Rs 299. "A lot of first time buyers shopped in this corner and some of smaller partners reported growth of 5x to 7x in their daily conversions," Google said.
The exclusive launch section saw over 1 million visitors. Categories including electronics , men and women lifestyle , home & kitchen were a big draw.
Google also said that during the festival, over 500 houses were booked on real estate sites that had partnered with google. Over 50 cars and 100 bikes were also booked.
The ecommerce industry witnessed 3-5 times the average orders. Nearly 40% of users accessed the site using a mobile phone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How e-commerce industry can reward investorsStory
Buying into the online hype
The e-commerce industry might be at a nascent stage in India but the sector has strong potential. If chosen carefully, such companies can reward investors.
Tanvi Varma      Follow @vtanvi    Edition: December 2014
Photo: Reuters
A quick question for you. Which was the first online company to be listed in India? Before you Google, here's the answer-Info Edge, an internet classifieds company, which got listed in November 2006. Those who bought into the initial public offering (IPO) would remember that it was offered at Rs 320 per share, which translated into a 12-month price to earnings (P/E) multiple of 52.6 times earnings. Despite the high valuation, the issue was subscribed 54.79 times and listed at Rs 480 while closing at Rs 593, a gain of about 85% over the issue price.
Info Edge owns one of the leading job portals naukri.com as well as websites related to matrimonial (jeevansaathi.com), real estate (99acres.com) and education classifieds (shiksha.com). The company's income has grown from Rs 84 crore in 2006 to Rs 549 crore in 2014.
Following in the footsteps of Info Edge was Justdial, which offered its IPO to Indian retail investors at Rs 477 per share and listed on the bourses in June 2013 at Rs 590 per share, a premium of 22% over its issue price. Although the company was valued at 60 times 2011-12 earnings, investors rushed to buy the stock.
According to Rahul Shah, vice president, Motilal Oswal Securities, Justdial is a strong brand with first-mover advantage complemented by a strong database. "The company is in a high growth phase and is aided by an asset-light business model, virtual monopoly in the voice search segment, negative working capital cycle, strong free cash flow, good dividend payout and healthy return ratios. Hence, its premium valuation is justified," he adds.
Both Justdial & Info Edge have done well after listing
Both examples prove that online companies offer a unique value proposition. Initially, it may be difficult to understand how a company that does not have a tangible business model can command such premium valuations. However, these two companies have rewarded investors handsomely.
BUSINESS MODEL AND VALUATION
The valuations of internet-based (online) companies are essentially based on whether they can survive on advertisement revenue, which contributes a major chunk to their bottom lines. According to Shah, ideally internet-based companies should not be valued differently from brick-and-mortar companies-by predicting future cash flows through an understanding of the business and market dynamics. However, online companies are still relatively new and there is often little robust data for valuations.
Sandip Agarwal VP, Wholesale Capital Markets, Edelweiss Financial Services
"There could be a difference in valuations of online companies on the basis of the product or services being offered," says Sandip Agarwal, VP, wholesale capital markets, Edelweiss Financial Services. For instance, job and real estate portals will be valued on the number of paid listings, while a travel portal will be valued on the basis of transactions handled (both volume and value). To understand valuations of these companies, one can look at the two companies which are listed on Indian bourses. Info Edge, for instance, is valued at 43 times its 2015-16 earnings estimate by ICICI Direct while a recent report by Motilal Oswal Securities put a 'buy' call on Justdial with a target price of Rs 1,750, valuing the stock at 60 times the 2015-16 earnings estimate.
THE NEXT BIG THING
Unless you have been living under a rock, you would have seen that newspapers have been abuzz about Flipkart and its massive sale offers. The company also hit the headlines in July 2014 when it received a funding of $1 billion, which according to industry sources values it at about $5 billion (Rs 30,000 crore). This made Flipkart nearly 10 times more valuable than the biggest retailer in India, Future Retail, which had a market cap of Rs 2,665 crore as on October 27, 2014.
But are such astounding valuations justified? According to Shah, the logic behind Flipkart's value is straightforward. In March this year, the company declared sales of about Rs 500 crore for February, which led it to project annual revenue of Rs 6,000 crore or $1 billion, valuing the company at five times its revenue. When it comes to online companies, revenue may not be the defining number for valuation. Skype was acquired by eBay in 2005 for $2.6 billion even though the company generated only $7 million in revenue that year from its 53 million subscribers in 225 countries-a multiple of 371 times annual turnover. The valuation was clearly in anticipation of future annual growth.
The other factor that astonishes many is the fact that Flipkart is still a loss-making company. Although comparing it with Amazon, which has a market cap of $150 billion seems far off, Agarwal adds that Amazon too made losses at the operating level for seven years. Flipkart, with a similar model, is also making losses, and hence, should not be viewed only from the angle of profitability in the initial years.
IS THIS A BUBBLE LIKE 2000?
It is only fair for investors to question if the current hype will lead to results like the bubble for internet companies in 2000. According to Agarwal, the current situation is different from that witnessed in 2000. At that time, the ecosystem was not developed for an internet revolution. Personal computers were expensive, laptops were nearly out of reach for most people and the smartphone was still a pipe dream. Add to that, internet was expensive in those days. But now, with the huge size of our young population, proliferation of social media sites and instant messaging services, falling prices of smart and feature phones, the enablers are in place to drive internet penetration, unlike in 2000. "One key lesson to be learnt is that only the top two-three companies in any segment grow big and, hence, the competition for top will be fought aggressively in India," adds Agarwal.
WHAT NEXT?
In September, China's Alibaba Group Holdings, an internet-based e-commerce company, raised $25 billion in the biggest IPO for a technology company. With an IPO price of $68 a share, Alibaba was valued at 29 times expected earnings for the year till March. Going forward, you will see lot of internet-based companies raise money through IPO. Hence, before investing, take time to understand how strong the business model is-how it makes money, what is the customer value proposition it offers and how does it differentiate itself from its peers.
Today, India offers great opportunities primarily because the industry in India is still taking baby steps. But the sector has grown at 35% a year between 2009 and 2013. Japanese brokerage house Nomura says India's e-commerce industry has the potential to quadruple from $10 billion in 2013 to $43 billion over the next five years, largely driven by online retail, which is estimated to grow from $2 billion in 2013 to $23 billion by 2018.

Telangana CM asks for higher funds from Centre for ITIR projectTelangana CM asks for higher funds from Centre for ITIR project
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Dec 13, 2014 05:38 PM IST
Telangana state government on Saturday requested the visiting Union Minister of Communications and Information Technology Ravi Shankar Prasad for a substantial increase in financial support from the Centre for the first phase development of the proposed IT Investment Region(ITIR) in Hyderabad.
The Union Minister has met chief minister K Chandra Sekhara Rao at his office in the state secretariat this morning.
The state government had earlier sought a financial assistance of Rs 4,863 crore in the first phase and Rs 3,921 crore in the second phase- for the creation of external infrastructure in the ITIR region . However the Centre had approved a financial support to an extent of Rs 3,275 crore for the project while earmarking just about Rs 165 crore in the first phase.
"Chief minister K Chandra Sekhara Rao made a request to the Union Minister, that, the Central government support of Rs 165 crore to the ITIR of Hyderabad is inadequate and needs to be increased  for which the minister responded positively. He said a formal request to be sent to his ministry from the state government," chief minister's office said in a press release.
The chief minister informed Ravi Shankar Prasad that the IT companies which already have their operations in the city would like to expand further and need facilities for education and health in the ITIR region for this, it said.

Saradha scam: West Bengal Minister Madan Mitra calls his arrest a political conspiracy23
0
Kolkata: West Bengal Transport Minister and Trinmool Congress leader Madan Mitra on Saturday evening called his arrest by Central Bureau of Investigation in multi-crore chit fund scam a political conspiracy against him and his party by Centre. Mitra is remanded in CBI custody till December 16 in the case after being arrested on Friday evening.
Earlier on Saturday the standoff between TMC and Bharatiya Janata Party continued, as TMC workers protested outside Alipore court over West Bengal Minister
Madan Mitra's arrest in the multi-crore Saradha chit-fund scam. Reacting to the arrest, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee had dared Prime Minister
Mitra was talking to Network18 after being remanded to CBI custody till December 16.
#madan mitra #tmc #saradha scam #mamata banerjee
Narendra Modi and the BJP leadership to arrest her. "Kalidas axed the branch of the tree he was sitting on. Those in power in Delhi are doing the same. Governments come and go, democracy remains forever. Those in power in Delhi must remember this," said the Chief Minister.
Mitra is the first Cabinet Minister in the Mamata government to be held by the CBI in the scam. So far, the arrested persons included TMC members of Parliament Kunal Ghosh and Srinjoy Bose.
126

Bengaluru youth s father denies son s links with Islamic StateDec 13, 2014 at 06:58pm IST
Bengaluru youth's father denies son's links with Islamic State
50
0
Kolkata: The father of the man, who was for arrested for being the alleged handler of an influential Twitter account of Islamic State(IS) group, on Saturday said he did not believe that his son has any link with the terror outfit and claimed his internet account was hacked.
M Biswas, father of Mehdi Masroor Biswas, said "one reporter asked me about it on Thursday night. Then I contacted him and inquired. My son said he did not understand how it has happened. He said that his internet account is hacked. I don't believe that my son has any link with ISIS."
Asked if he knows that his son used to tweet in support of ISIS, the senior Biswas replied "I don't know. But he told me that some people came to him from Channel 4".
M Biswas said "I don't know about his arrest. His phone is switched off. Now we have decided to go there."
#islamic state #bengaluru youth #mehdi masroor biswas #twitter
On whether he supported ISIS, he said "I don't know what is ISIS. There is no question of supporting it".
M Biswas said "I don't know about his arrest. His phone is switched off. Now we have decided to go there."
M Biswas, who used to work for State Electricity Board, said "my son is busy with his office duty from 8.45 in the morning till night".
2

Odisha kicks off task to prepare Annual Plan for 2015-16Odisha kicks off task to prepare Annual Plan for 2015-16
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Dec 13, 2014 06:32 PM IST
The Odisha government has set in motion the task for formulation of Annual Plan for 2015-16.
The department of planning & coordination is in the process of working out the Plan ceilings for different departments. The Annual Plan was pegged at Rs 35,661 crore in 2013-14.
While formulating the sectoral plans for the Annual Plan, the targeted annual average rate of growth, Plan priorities, sectoral policies and thrust areas for faster, sustainable and more inclusive growth in the economy will be factored in. The state policies on different development sectors as well as specific suggestions/recommendations of the concerned ministeries of the Government of India, if any, would be taken care of while drawing up sectoral plans.
The central assistance under restructured centrally sponsored schemes (CSS) which was earlier released from the central plan is likely to flow as central assistance to State Plan as has been done during the current financial year. The administrative departments are required to clearly indicate the central and state share in respect of each of these CSS.
Since the Planning Commission has laid special emphasis on preparation of district plans, district-wise break-up of the outlay in respect of district sector schemes need to be communicated to the district collectors, district planning and monitoring units and the concerned district level officers.
The department of planning & coordination has asked all departments to furnish write-ups and statements by December 20 for facilitating finalization of Plan ceiling for the Annual Plan, 2015-16.
 

Heavy snowfall in HP blocks roads  hundreds of tourists stranded  rescue operationunderwayWritten by Ashwani Sharma | Shimla |
Posted: December 13, 2014 8:00 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 10:10 pm
While local residents of Himachal welcomed the seasons’s first snowfall, it turned out to be a disappointment for hundreds of tourists who were stranded on the Manali-Rohtang pass road on December 13. The roads witnessed a disrupted vehicular traffic following the heavy snowfall.
Around 150 vehicles were stranded. However, all tourists caught at Rohtang Pass were rescued and brought to Manali.
The unexpected situation had put the local administration on high alert who had already started off with the rescue operation of the stranded tourists to bring them back to Manali at the earliest.
“We have reports about 150 vehicles that are still stranded on the road because of heavy snow, skidding of heavy vehicles, traffic jam and breakdowns .This has caused adverse impact on the mobility. There is no vehicle at Rohtang Pass. At Marhi,we have been told about six stranded vehicles,” says Vinay Singh, additional District Magistrate, Kullu had earlier said.
Singh said that while the snow at Gulaba is at least a feet deep, the situations at Rohtang Pass and Marhi are worse.
The medical teams were deployed to the affected areas already. Medical help was also being provided at the Gulaba rescue post.
The administration had also sought help from the Border Roads Organisations and engineering firms engaged in the construction of Rohtang tunnel in order to bring the tourists to safer places.
Singh claims that the tourists were already provided with a warning against visiting Rohtang Pass and Marhi on account of the possibility of heavy snowfall, but they seem to have taken the trip nevertheless to enjoy the season’s first snowfall. Few had also started from Koksar (Lahaul-Spiti side) to cross Rohtang Pass in the day, he says.
The roads were covered with slush and snow coupled with rains that made driving dangerous.
According to one Piyush Mahajan, who was at Manali with a group of friends, the number of stranded tourists can be as high as 400.
“It was perhaps God’s grace that we started late and did not take the risk. Gulaba was the last point we touched after which we were warned about the heavy snowfall,” says Piyush.

Will go ahead with its homecoming prog on December 25: Dharam Jagaran Samiti19
0
Aligarh: Notwithstanding the warning by the district administration, the Dharam Jagaran Samiti -- a western UP-based Hindutva group, has said it will go ahead with its reconversion programme on December 25.
"This is not conversion programme but a ceremony to welcome those who had left the Hindu fold in the past and are ready to return because of dissatisfaction which they experienced after conversion."
"We are ready to fight a legal battle if the district administration tries to prevent our ceremony," Organisation Secretary of the Samiti, Vidyaram Pandey said.
The Aligarh district administration has denied receiving any application from Samiti for permission to organise the programme.
#uttar pradesh #conversion row #dharam jagaran samiti #aligarh
The Aligarh district administration has denied receiving any application from Samiti for permission to organise the programme.
Meanwhile, BJP has now adopted a cautious approach on this impending face off between the district authorities and the other saffron organisations.
"We are not organising this ceremony but if the organisers including the Bajrang Dal seek our help on this score, we will certainly do whatever we can to help them," BJP's district president Devraj Singh told reporters.
On the other hand, organisations of minority community and leaders have voiced their concern over the possibility of communal strife as a fall out of the proposed Christmas Day reconversion ceremony.
The AMU Students' Union, in a letter today to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh, pointed out that forced conversions by some Hindu organisations in Uttar Pradesh under the garb of "homecoming ceremony" were a dangerous signal for the entire country.
"This matter has nothing to do with Hinduism, as Hinduism never preaches religious exploitation. This is entirely the work of some extremist Hindu organisations who are indulging in such activities not because of an interest in their religion but for purely polarising society for political gains," the letter said.
373

Johns Hopkins team wins U.S. award for improved suit to fight EbolaBy Lena H. Sun December 13, 2014 Follow @bylenasun
Personal protective equipment and disinfection procedures offer critical protection.
For health-care workers taking care of Ebola patients in West Africa, one of the biggest logistical problems has been the “moon suits” they must wear to protect against being infected by the deadly virus. The suits are hot. Taking them off is a meticulous, multistep process that can leave no room for error.
Now, a protective suit designed by a team from Johns Hopkins has been chosen as one of the winners in a global competition for solutions to increase the protection and comfort of front-line workers battling Ebola. The competition was launched in early October by the U.S. Agency for International Development, the lead agency coordinating the U.S. government Ebola response.
The suit is easier to take off, and has a small battery-powered source to cool the user by blowing air into the hood, said Youseph Yazdi, executive director of Johns Hopkins University’s Center for Bioengineering Innovation & Design, which worked with Jhpiego, an international health nonprofit group and university affiliate, and Clinvue, a health-care innovation and design consulting company in Baltimore. If major manufacturers sign on, Yazdi and U.S. officials hope a version of the new protective suit could be on the ground within a few months.
The goal of the competition was to come up with solutions that could get into the field as quickly as possible, without costing a lot of money. So the team used the same lightweight material that major manufacturers are currently using. But they redesigned it so the hood and the rest of the suit are attached. And they re-positioned a zipper from the front to the back of the suit. They reconfigured the zipper with pull tabs that allow the wearer to unzip easily, so the suit essentially peels away.
As a result, “when you want to remove the garment, the zipper opens so the doffing process goes from 20 steps down to five or six and goes from minutes and minutes down to a few seconds,” he said.
“You don’t need a buddy to help you. You don’t have to touch the hood or grab around your face. It’s quick and a lot safer,” said Yazdi.
Johns Hopkins University Center for Bioengineering Innovation & Design and Jhpiego
 
The prototype also uses a large clear visor in the hood, making it easier for front-line workers to see.
Front-line workers need to be protected from the contagious body fluids of Ebola patients, during treatment and while removing a soiled suit. The suit material prevents fluid from penetrating, but it also means the person’s body heat has nowhere to escape. Clinics and treatment centers in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea have no air-conditioning. Working in the region’s extreme heat and humidity, healthcare personnel often describe taking off their boots and pouring out the accumulated sweat.
To keep workers cool, the prototype uses a belt-worn battery pack, about the size of a runner’s fanny pack. It blows dry, filtered air into the hood. It doesn’t have to be cool air, Yazdi said (that would have cost more and been more complicated). But just having dry air helps sweat evaporate from the skin, which helps cooling. The battery can be recharged with a cellphone charger.
The team simulated the heat and humidity in a room that was about 98 degrees and 85 percent humidity. Wearing a regular protective suit, Yazdi felt like he was going to collapse within minutes. Using the cool-air technology, he was fairly comfortable, he said.
Field testing is the next phase, which will be done by Jhpiego, while the team and U.S. officials talk to manufacturers. Wendy Taylor, who is overseeing the Ebola global competition at USAID, said some of the design innovations in the Hopkins prototype, such as location and reconfiguration of the zipper and adding pull tabs, shouldn’t be very hard to do.
“Manufacturers are actively involved in the massive response as part of this particular outbreak,” she said. “We have real interest…We’re looking at how we can fast-track the easy stuff.”
The Hopkins protective suit was among three winning innovations that will share about $1.7 million, U.S. officials said. How the funds will be divided has yet to be worked out. The winners, announced Friday, will undergo intensive testing to prepare for production and field use. The other two innovations are an antiseptic gel applied to the skin that provides up to six hours of protection against pathogens, by Aquarius GEP and Innovative BioDefense; and a long-lasting spray that kills and repels microbes to prevent surface contamination, by SPR Advanced Technologies.
 

Who s the next Cabinet SecretaryWho's the next Cabinet Secretary?
Business Standard | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 09:02 PM IST
Now, with Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth having got another six-month extension, what do the Cabinet Secretary sweepstakes look like? One theory is that the last man standing will be Power Secretary P K Sinha, who is scheduled to retire on June 30, 2015.
The thinking goes thus: that former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh left a trail of destruction when he did deep selection in the case of former National Security Advisor Shivshankar Menon (who superseded 13 people when he was made the Foreign Secretary). This government does not want to take any such chances. So Sinha, who is the seniormost (1977 batch), will still be in service on June 13 when Seth retires. There is a good chance he may become the Cabinet Secretary. Other hopefuls like Saurabh Chandra will retire before him.

The Edge: HealthcareKunj Bansal of Centrum Wealth Management is upbeat on the PSU banking space and would be a buyer in them.  He thinks there is more value in PSU banks than private sector banks....
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

Microsoft Ventures looks to take JumpStart helpline to the next levelMicrosoft Ventures looks to take JumpStart helpline to the next level
Itika Sharma Punit | Bengaluru Dec 13, 2014 10:42 PM IST
Microsoft Ventures India is looking to take its JumpStart start-up helpline to the next level by building it up as an outbound call engine that could be used by entrepreneurs to generate business leads.
As a pilot, Microsoft Ventures will offer startups from its accelerator batches access to the outbound engine, Rajinish Menon, director – startups at Microsoft Ventures India told Business Standard.
“Our plan is to beef Jumpstart up with an outbound calling engine which can be used for lead generation for some of the solutions built by the startups,” Menon said. “We are open to integrating the service with some of the citizenship services offered by governments where JumpStart professionals can answer entrepreneurship questions of the citizens.”
The helpline that was launched in April this year, has seen a lot of traction and has been instrumental in aiding several entrepreneurs who run successful startups today. The JumpStart helpline received around 2,600 calls between April and November this year, mostly from metro cities like Delhi, National Capital Region, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Bengaluru.
The most frequently asked questions by the callers include ‘where to get help on someone who could validate my idea?’ and ‘How to get funded?’.
While the service has been of help to several entrepreneurs, an example where JumpStart successfully helped a startup take shape is Zoojoo.be, which offers an entreprise wellness platform that includes a diet and nutritional tracker.
Avinash Saurabh, founder of Zoojoo.be had been toying with the idea of the startup for several months before he made his first call to JumpStart.
“I am a first time entrepreneur and I didn’t even know how to do things. When I started I did not even know how to form a private limited company and how to go about the legalities,” Saurabh told Business Standard. “Calls to JumpStart helped in a big way. They gave us the right connections. JumpStart has been instrumental for our growth in a lot of ways.”
Zoojoo.be currently has several clients, including Mindtree, where 14,000 employees are using the startup’s platform.
Other clients of the startup include GE, Pantaloons, and National Entrepreneurship Network.
Zoojoo.be closed a seed funding round in May 2015, which saw participation from prominent angel investors like K Srikrishna, executive director of National Entrepreneurship Network, Vikas Choudhury, and Chandrasekaran Mahadevan of Manipal Health Enterprise.
Additionally, JumpStart is among the around 4,500 services being offered on Karnataka government’s mobile governance platform MobileOne, which was launched last week by President Pranab Mukherjee here.
Just days after getting integrated with the MobileOne platform, JumpStart received 120 calls. While several of these calls were “random”, seeking employment or asking questions not relating to startups, several others were relevant.
“I think since this is initial days we will see some unrelated calls till the service settles down,” Menon said.

Bill to amend companies law in Lok SabhaNEW DELHI, December 13, 2014
Updated: December 13, 2014 01:34 IST
Bill to amend companies law in Lok Sabha
PTI
Lok Sabha
The government, on Friday, introduced a Bill in the Lok Sabha to amend the companies law to provide stringent punishment for illegal money pooling activities, among other things.
The Companies (Amendment) Bill, 2014, introduced by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, proposes as many as 14 changes in various provisions of the new companies law, which was passed by the previous UPA regime.
The Bill proposes punishment for illegal money pooling activities, amid rising instances of people getting duped by such fraudulent schemes.

Hinduja group acquires UK s Old War Office buildingHinduja group acquires UK's Old War Office building
Press Trust of India |  Dec 13, 2014 02:40 PM IST
The Hinduja Group, in partnership with a Spanish industrial company, has acquired UK's iconic Old War Office building that was once occupied by Britain's war-time Prime Minister Winston Churchill.
The heritage building was acquired by the Hinduja Group, headed by S P Hinduja, Chairman, and G P Hinduja, Co-Chairman, in partnership with Obrascon Huarte Lain Desarrollos (OHLD).
The landmark building at 57 Whitehall in central London will now be restored and re-developed into a five star hotel and residential apartments, and will also feature a series of private function rooms as well as a spa and fitness facility.
Previously inaccessible to the public, a commitment has also been made to grant new access to the building with an outdoor public space also part of the re-development plans.
Britain's Ministry of Defence confirmed that the Hinduja Group, in partnership with OHLD, who's main shareholder is Grupo Villar Mir, has been successful in the acquisition of the Old War Office.
The 580,000 square-feet property was sold on a 250-year lease arrangement to the companies for an undisclosed sum following a competetive marketing process, it said yesterday.
Srichand P Hinduja and Gopichand P Hinduja, on behalf of the company, said, "We will make every efforts to honour the heritage and restoration of this national monument, elevate its status and reconnect it with the public."
"We will forge a new future for the site, creating a vibrant and sustainable destination that retains and enhances the historical importance of the building. We are proud to be playing such a crucial role in this new chapter for the Old War Office," the Hinduja brothers said.
Juan-Miguel Villar-Mir, Chair of the OHLD Group and Grupo Villar Mir, said: "We are very proud to be participating in one of the most important development projects in the world."
Once the office of Churchill, the building was constructed in the years between the start of the 20th century and the outbreak of the First World War. 
With an almost incalculable contribution to the history and heritage of Whitehall, the Old War Office has been witness to events of utmost importance, most notably the World Wars, with crucial decisions having been taken within its walls, especially significant in this centenary year of remembrance.
The Hinduja Group of Companies, one of the largest diversified business groups in the world with a multi-billion pound turnover, employs over 80,000 people in more than 100 countries.
Grupo Villar Mir, is one of the largest privately owned Spanish industrial groups, with a major international presence and a diversified portfolio of activities.
Co-developer OHLD has unique and significant international experience in the development of the highest category of mixed use real estate projects with heritage and natural preservation sensitivities. 

Shimla gets season s first snowfallShimla gets season's first snowfall
IANS  Shimla, December 13, 2014
First Published: 13:15 IST(13/12/2014) | Last Updated: 01:28 IST(14/12/2014)
Popular tourist destination Shimla and its nearby areas on Saturday received the season's first snowfall, while the lower hills across Himachal Pradesh were lashed by rain, bringing the temperature down by several notches.
A man walks with his ponies during the season’s first snowfall at Kufri. (AFP Photo)
Hoteliers cheered up with the timely snowfall in the hope that tourists will come in large numbers this weekend.
Tourist spots near Shimla, such as Kufri, Fagu and Narkanda also experienced mild snowfall, turning the hill stations even more picturesque.
Hills near Manali and Kinnaur also witnessed snowfall, Met Office director Manmohan Singh told IANS.
The minimum temperature in Shimla was recorded at 3.2 degrees Celsius.
Keylong in Lahaul and Spiti district was the coldest place in the state at minus 3 degrees Celsius below freezing.
It was 7.4 degrees Celsius in Dharamsala, minus 0.2 degrees Celsius in Kalpa and 1.6 degrees Celsius in Manali.

Mercedes-Benz dealership outlet inaugurated in MaduraiHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Mercedes-Benz dealership outlet inaugurated in Madurai
L N Revathy
Coimbatore, Dec 13 M:  
Mercedes-Benz's 14th outlet in 2014 and the fourth in Tamil Nadu was inaugurated at Madurai this morning.
“The network expansion is in line with our approach of being closer to customers,” Eberhard Kern, Managing Director and CEO, Mercedes-Benz India said.
Speaking to this correspondent over phone after inaugurating the facility, he said that the company is bullish on India market. “2014 has by far been the best selling year for us. We have sold 10,000 cars till date this year compared to 9003 cars in 2013 and 7000 plus the year before last. We have been growing by 50 per cent YoY over the last three years.”
The company has established a dealership network of 68 outlets in India across 37 cities.
Sundaram Motors' has taken up the dealership for Mercedes-Benz in Madurai. The facility located at South Veli Street in Madurai is the dealer's third outlet in South India.
To a query on the luxury car market, Mr Kern said that the company enjoyed the patronage of over 65,000 customers in India. “The first high end luxury segment car (E63 AMG) was sold in Coimbatore,” he added.
The company has launched 10 products this year starting with its flagship model S-Class in January 2014.
Stating that Delhi and Mumbai accounted for 45 per cent of the company's business, he quickly added “Tamil Nadu is no less. The state accounts for 8 per cent of our business.”
The company has invested about Rs 850 cr in its production facility located at Chakan near Pune.
“The annual production capacity is 20,000 units, in line with our future plan” Kern said.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Book recommendations from me and my colleaguesBy Will Baude December 13, 2014
One University of Chicago tradition I like is that of asking the law school faculty whether they’ve read any good books lately . The answers usually include both fiction and non-fiction, and help me both find good books and learn about my colleagues. My two selections are listed below:
Daniel Abraham, The Dagger and the Coin series .
This is a series of fantasy novels that plays with many of the classic tropes—the reluctant warrior, long-lost deities and dragons, etc.—but it has a sort of law-and-economics twist. The principal/agent problems in governing a kingdom are quickly made obvious and are the source of key plot twists. And it also turns out that the world’s monetary system and its bankers are at least as important as the warriors (hence the “and the Coin” in the title). The place to start is with the first book, The Dragon’s Path; I recently finished the fourth, The Widow’s House. The whole series is excellent.
John McGinnis & Michael Rappaport, Originalism and the Good Constitution .
This is the latest important book on originalism in theory and practice. McGinnis and Rappaport introduce at least three important claims: First, that originalism is normatively valuable because of its connection to the supermajoritarian process used to enact and amend the Constitution. Second, that originalists should use the “original methods” of legal interpretation. And third, that we should imagine a culture of originalism, in which people took the constitutional amendment process seriously, rather than relying on judges to update the Constitution. In my view, the second and third claims are more powerfully demonstrated than the first, but it is a strength of their book that one can engage separately with each claim.
Here’s the whole set .
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

Telangana CM asks Centre for more funds for ITIR projectTelangana CM asks Centre for more funds for ITIR project
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Dec 14, 2014 10:49 PM IST
The Telangana government on Saturday requested Union Minister of Communications and Information Technology Ravi Shankar Prasad for a substantial increase in financial support from the Centre for the first phase development of the proposed IT Investment Region (ITIR) in Hyderabad.
The Union minister met chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao at his office in the secretariat yesterday.
The state government had earlier sought a financial assistance of Rs 4,863 crore —Rs 942 crore in the first phase and Rs 3,921 crore in the second phase — for the creation of external infrastructure in the ITIR. However, the Centre had approved a financial support to an extent of Rs 3,275 crore for the project while earmarking just about Rs 165 crore in the first phase.
“Chief minister K Chandrasekhar Rao made a request to the Union minister that the central government support of Rs 165 crore to the ITIR of Hyderabad is inadequate and needs to be increased  for which the minister responded positively. He said a formal request to be sent to his ministry from the state government,” a release from chief minister’s office stated.
Rao informed Prasad that the IT companies, which already have their operations in the city, would like to expand further and need facilities for education and health in the region for this.

Islamic State s top tweeter Mehdi held in Bengaluru  group vows to free himComments
The young engineer behind a popular pro-Islamic State (IS) Twitter account was arrested on Saturday at his one-room rented accommodation in an upscale Bengaluru neighbourhood, triggering pledges to free him by those subscribing to the terror group’s alarming agenda.
Mehdi Masroor Biswas, the man who operated pro-IS Twitter handle, worked for a MNC. (Photo courtesy- Bengaluru City Police on Twitter)
“On the basis of credible intelligence inputs ... we have apprehended Mehdi Masroor Biswas from his apartment,” said director general of police LR Pachuau.
The mobile phone — the one that he apparently used to tweet thousands of jihadi posts to his 17,000 followers on Twitter — was confiscated along with a laptop and other documents for evidence.
He is religious but not a fanatic: Mehdi’s father
Police said 24-year-old Mehdi from a Kolkata suburb working with ITC in Bengaluru didn’t probably have any direct links with the terror group which controls swathes of Syria and Iraq as part of its campaign to create an Islamic caliphate.
“He appears to have been only majorly active in the virtual world,” said Bengaluru police commissioner MN Reddi.
Police said he used to post Twitter messages after office hours, cheering the IS’s advances in Iraq and Syria, and mocking its enemies. “He was particularly close to the English-speaking terrorists of IS and became a source of incitement and information for the new recruits trying to join IS,” Reddi said.
ISIS twitter case: Accused arrested by police, confesses operating account since many years
A case registered against him for abetting war against the state.
But his parents in Kolkata said he was being framed. “He is religious but not a fanatic to join a terrorist group. He didn’t go to a madrasa and doesn’t even know Arabic,” said mother Mamtaz Begam.
Britain’s Channel4 on Wednesday night revealed Mehdi as the man behind the Twitter handle @ShamiWitness that was described as a “leading conduit of information between jihadis, supporters and recruits” with 2 million views each month.
But Reddi said Biswas never recruited anyone or facilitated any such activity in India, and had never traveled outside India.
Reports suggest Mehdi was seeking cheap thrill as he was drawn into the IS propaganda machine that promotes its conquests, inspires sympathisers and attracts new recruits through the social media. The IS uses Hollywood-style film clips and other elements to attract disaffected but plugged-in young Muslims like Mehdi, a regular man who shares “jokes, pictures of pizza dinners with friends and Hawaiian parties at work” on his Facebook account.
His arrest prompted IS to launch a "Free Shami Witness" campaign while Kurdish fighters in Syria celebrated the news.
“Bengaluru ruthless Police arrest brother Mehdi Masroor Biswas as owner of @ShamiWitness twitter acc,” wrote IS Tweeter handle, @IS_WorldPress, drawing immediate response from the group’s supporters across the world to free him at any cost.
“We all miss #ShamiWitness twitter isnt the same without his news,” tweeted JanissaryFighter ( ?@SaifAlRasheed97 ).
Kurdish fighters, the IS’s bitter enemies, uploaded morphed pictures of Biswas behind the bars, wearing Santa Claus hats.

CEPT flags off 3-day International Conference on energy habitatBy: Express News Service | Ahmedabad |
Posted: December 13, 2014 8:58 pm
Participants from 42 countries are scheduled to present papers on energy and habitat at the 30th International Conference on ‘Passive and Low Energy Architecture’ (PLEA). The seminar, which is to start from December 16, is being conducted by the CEPT University.
While the inaugural session will be attended by state energy minister Saurabh Patel and Ajay Mathur, Director General from the Bureau of Energy Efficiency, Ministry of Power- GoI, the conference will also have CEPT’s Center for Advanced Research in Building Science and Energy (CARBSE) unveil its three year long research report on ‘Indian Model for Adaptive Thermal Comfort’.
“A total of 164 papers, 60 posters have made their way into the conference where deliberations on various topics like passive architecture design, low carbon cities and neighborhood, material and construction technology and integration of renewable energy sources within habitat will be held. One of the reasons for organising this conference is to show that CEPT has arrived and that CARBSE is at the forefront of our activities on energy efficiency helping government take policy decisions with our technical inputs. CARBSE also aids professionals on how to integrate energy efficient technologies into buildings and habitats,” said Nimish Patel PLEA 2014- conference chair.
PLEA, founded in 1981, is an autonomous network of individuals that promotes discussions and debates on learnings and challenges in passive low energy architecture and design in a rapidly growing world.
“The institute by way of CARBSE has given inputs to the ‘National Building Code’ and the ‘Energy Conservation Building Code’ (ECBC) on how to design HVAC (heating, ventilating, and air conditioning) which is the technology of indoor and vehicular environmental comfort system. A few of our inputs for thermal comfort standards for Indian conditions will be published in a report on February 16, 2015. Apart from the Central government, we are also working with the Gujarat and Maharashtra governments on how the smallest urban local bodies can implement building codes for energy efficiency and make these a part of their roadmap. The research facilities CARBSE at CEPT can serve more than just Indian interest and we aim to be a resource for energy efficiency throughout Asia,” said Rajan Rawal, Director, CARBSE at CEPT University.

Hinduja group acquires iconic London building Old War OfficeHinduja group acquires iconic London building Old War Office
Press Trust of India | London Dec 13, 2014 10:40 PM IST
The Hinduja Group has acquired the historic Old War Office building having around 1,100 rooms in Central London for an undisclosed sum for conversion into a 5-star hotel and residential apartments.
The heritage building at 57, Whitehall, close to the British Parliament and the Prime Minister's residence, covers 580,000 square feet spread over 7 floors connected by more than three km of corridors.
The Hindujas, Britain's wealthiest people, acquired the building, where war-time prime minister Winston Churchil plotted Second World War manouevres, in partnership with Spanish industrial company Obrascon Huarte Lain Desarrollos (OHLD).
The building will be restored and redeveloped into a 5-star hotel and apartments. It will also feature a series of private-function rooms as well as a spa and fitness facility.
It was sold on a 250-year lease arrangement following a competitive marketing process.
The Group Chairman S P Hinduja and Co-Chairman G P Hinduja said on behalf of the company, "We will make every effort to honour the heritage and restoration of this national monument, elevate its status and reconnect it with the public."
"We will forge a new future for the site, creating a vibrant and sustainable destination that retains and enhances the historical importance of the building. We are proud to be playing such a crucial role in this new chapter for the Old War Office," they said.
Previously inaccessible to the public, a commitment has also been made to grant new access to the building with an outdoor public space also part of the re-development plans.
Britain's Ministry of Defence confirmed that the Hinduja Group, in partnership with OHLD, who's main shareholder is Grupo Villar Mir, has been successful in the acquisition of the Old War Office.

Gurgaon real estate rejig likely as Haryana seeks info on errant firmsGurgaon real estate rejig likely as Haryana seeks info on errant firms
Mansi Taneja | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 10:11 PM IST
The landscape of Gurgaon’s real estate market, one of the biggest in India, is likely to see a change under a new government at the helm of affairs in Haryana. After the recently formed Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-led state government sought information on errant developers, officials are learnt to have contacted consultants for details. Based on the information procured, sources say, the state wants to adopt a new approach for the real estate sector.
In line with the BJP-led central government’s focus on ‘Housing for all by 2022’, the state government is also concerned about a phenomenal rise in prices of residential property in Gurgaon.
The development comes even as the real estate sector is in the midst of a slowdown and facing sales decline over the past few years. Property buyers have been facing long delays in delivery, mainly in the National Capital Region, resulting in investors moving away.
“To revive faith among buyers, the state government has sought information on specific developers who have been playing truant with customers,” said a person involved in the process. A stern action is also believed to be on the cards for those that have defaulted on delivery.
Gurgaon and Mumbai, the two biggest real estate markets in India, typically draw huge investor interest.
So far known as a destination for premium and luxury properties, Gurgaon is fast emerging as a hub for homes costing between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 20 lakh, with developers lining up a number of projects under the Haryana government’s affordable housing policy.
As of September this year, the state government had received as many as 122 applications from developers for launching affordable housing projects under a policy unveiled last year. Till September, 63 applications had been received for Gurgaon alone, and 16 came for Sohna (extension of Gurgaon).
According to experts, Gurgaon will see a lot of action in the near future, both in luxury and affordable markets. “The new state government in Haryana has to ensure things now move ahead smoothly, with policy changes and other initiatives required to give a thrust to the sector,” a consultant said.

Small tea growers break new ground with major allocation in 12th planUpdated: December 12, 2014 23:36 IST
Small tea growers break new ground with major allocation in 12th plan
Indrani Dutta
A woman plucks tea leaves at a tea estate in Sivasagar, Assam. File photo
TOPICS
economy (general)
Small tea growers, having a share of over 33 per cent in tea output, have been allocated Rs.200 crore in the XII Plan, which was approved on Thursday.
The allocation under the head of Development of Small Holdings for a five-year period beginning from 2012-13 to 2016-17, marks a first for the sector. “This is in recognition of the increasing significance of the small-growers sector” a Tea Board official told The Hindu.
Although the approval for various schemes for the tea industry, crafted by the Tea Board of India, came two years into the Plan, there is cheer within the industry and the regulatory board that the approval has been made without any cuts, keeping intact the Rs.1,425 crore package that was sent.
During the previous Plan, the allocation was pared from Rs.1,000 crore (for which approval was sought originally) to Rs.800 crore.
Bijoy Chakraborty, President, Confederation of Indian Small Tea Growers Association (CISTA), said the fund allocation would help the sector, which now employs two lakh people directly all over the country. “Aspects like training and quality will now get addressed,’’ he told The Hindu.
The Indian Tea Association, representing the organised industry, too cheered the approval of the Plan, which was hanging fire for over two years. “It is a very good development” said Monojit Dasgupta , Secretary General, ITA on the STG allocation. A senior Tea Board official said that within the next few years STG sector would account for 50 per cent of India’s tea output and it was important to improve the quality of their produce and upgrade their skills to enable them to produce in an environment-friendly and safe manner.

CII launches module II of Village Buddha in BengaluruCII launches module II of Village Buddha in Bengaluru
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bengaluru, December 13:  
Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) launched Module II of Village Buddha, a societal project developed by breakthrough management specialist Shoji Shiba.
The project is to bring about a transformation in the Corproate Social Responsbility (CSR) activities of Indian industry with the aim of sustainable holistic development in the Indian villages.
The Module II of Village Buddha launched at Thattahalli Village on Attibele - Anekal Road, Bengaluru, will serve as a model for wider application of the project across the country.
Shoji Shiba, Chief Adviser, Champions for Societal Manufacturing Project, Nobuaki Yamamoto, Head of the Consulate of Japan, Bengaluru, Reva Maini, Gramothan Foundation, Maini Group, Tanaka Akihisa, Director, JICA, Japan, L Krishnan, Past Chairman, CII Karnataka were present at the launch.
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

Pepsico: HC refuses to quash adulteration caseGujarat High Court refuses to quash adulteration case against Pepsico Holdings India Private Ltd
PTI Dec 13, 2014, 06.20PM IST
Tags:
food inspector
(The report of tests, received…)
AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat High Court has refused to set aside a case filed against the Pepsico Holdings India Private Ltd for selling adulterated product.
Justice J B Pardiwala, two days ago, rejected the soft drink major's application seeking quashing of the 17 years old case.
The High Court did not accept its contention that delay in filing of the case caused it prejudice.
Surat Municipal Corporation's food inspector , A S Licensewala, collected six bottles of the soft drink Lehar Pepsi from Kamal Enterprise, a wholesaler , in November 1997, and sent them for testing.
The report of tests, received in January 1998, said the beverage was adulterated, with excessive impurity in the form of "floated feculent gelatin".
SMC filed a complaint against Pepsico and 11 of its employees in September 2000 before a magistrate's court.
Both the magistrate as well as the sessions judge refused to quash the complaint, so the company moved the High Court.
The company contended that there was a delay of more than two years in the filing of the case, and the tested sample might have changed with the lapse of time. But the High Court did not accept this argument.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K elections: NC  PDP in a close contest in both Shopian and WachiWatch
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Clarence Thomas Suggests Amazon Warehouse Workers Should UnionizeJustice Clarence Thomas Suggests Amazon Warehouse Workers Should Unionize
Posted:
Updated:
10/12/2014 04:29 IST
Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas pauses while speaking about his time as a student at College of the Holy Cross after receiving an honorary degree from the college, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2012, in Worcester, Mass. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
Email
Comment
On Tuesday, the U.S. Supreme Court came down unanimously against a group of temporary workers in Amazon warehouses. The workers were required to undergo mandatory, unpaid theft screenings once their shifts ended, and their case, Integrity Staffing Solutions v. Busk, focused on whether they should be compensated for that time.
In the end, even the court's liberal justices didn't believe the workers deserved pay under the Fair Labor Standards Act, the federal statute that sets minimum wage and overtime law. The theft screenings, the justices concluded, were not "integral and indispensable" to the work the employees performed (i.e., running around fetching Amazon items for shipment) and therefore were not compensable under the law -- even if the workers had no choice in the matter.
The ruling is a huge disappointment for workers such as Jesse Busk, a lead plaintiff in the case who told HuffPost last year that he regularly waited up to 25 minutes for his screening before he could go home. Busk earned around $12 per hour.
Addressing the workers' arguments, the court's opinion , delivered by conservative Justice Clarence Thomas, included this curious line:
"These arguments are properly presented to the employer at the bargaining table … not to a court in an FLSA claim."
It's not clear whether the irony was intended. Amazon's U.S. warehouses, of course, are entirely non-union . Workers, therefore, have no bargaining table at which to sit, a fact noted Tuesday by the National Employment Law Project, an advocacy group for low-wage workers.
Amazon, notably, was not named in the Busk lawsuit, even though the case was all about the online retailer's warehouse policies. That's because the workers in question were technically employed by a labor supply firm, Integrity, which staffs Amazon warehouses with a seemingly endless procession of temps . Nevermind bargaining over conditions -- these workers don't even know if they'll still have jobs next week.
The high turnover, the precariousness and the subcontracting arrangement all create significant hurdles to unionizing such warehouses. But as Thomas suggests, it may be the only way for employees such as Busk to change their working conditions.
Also on HuffPost:

iPod Classics Are Selling For As Much As $900 NowThis 80 GB iPod is listed at $550 versus its 2007 list price of $249 :
A flurry of obits for the iPod Classic came out in September after Apple quietly pulled the device from stores. The tech giant said that it was no longer able to acquire certain parts to make it. A redesign was simply not feasible , Apple CEO Tim Cook explained a month later.
But that won't keep fans from holding on to the venerable device as long as possible. Like vinyl lovers in the era of the compact disc, some music aficionados just can't move on.
Back in January 2013, Stuff editor Will Dunn predicted that the iPod Classic would surge in price following its discontinuation. He pointed out that unlike streaming services, the iPod offers a more focused listening experience, making it easier to listen to albums full-length before becoming distracted by other options.
"There's still a huge affection for the iPod Classic and it's not hard to see why," Stuff editor Will Dunn was quoted as saying in The Guardian . "Spotify might offer 20 million songs, but 120 GB of music is more than most people need, and your iTunes library doesn't carry data charges or a subscription fee."
If you're a fan of the iPod Classic, you'd better act fast.
The iPod Classic in its heyday back in 2007.
More:

Harvard Prof Apologizes for $4 Chinese  Food Fightharvard prof apologizes for $4 chinese  food fight
`Consumer protection is lynchpin of all financial legislations`Consumer protection is lynchpin of all financial legislation’
Our Bureau
The Hindu Justice BN Srikrishna
Mumbai, December 13:  
Consumer protection is the lynchpin of all financial legislation in the country, said Justice BN Srikrishna, former judge of the Supreme Court and head of the financial sector legislative reforms commission (FSLRC), at a conference here. 
He was speaking at the annual convention of the Association of National Exchanges Members of India (ANMI) on the theme of financial literacy.
Srikrishna added that the FSLRC was designed with consumer at the centre. Inculcating the concept of financial management through formal education gives investors "the confidence to walk into a financial market and strike a good bargain."
(This article was published on December 13, 2014)
Related

To fight corruption  we have to fight our greed: CBI chiefCBI Director Anil Kumar Sinha (right) speaks at Agenda Aaj Tak 2014 summit, in New Delhi on Saturday. Photo: PTI
TOPICS
corruption & bribery
When gullible people get trapped in ponzi schemes, they are trapped because of their own greed, he says.
Gullible investors get trapped in ponzi schemes because of their own “greed”, CBI chief Anil Sinha said on Saturday on the scam in which an estimated 25 lakh people have lost deposits in West Bengal and Odisha alone.
“They (investors in ponzi schemes) are not suffering because CBI is not investigating these cases. They are suffering because of other reasons,” he said.
The CBI chief was asked whether he would like a policy where the agency is allowed to take up probe cases of ponzi scam in which majority of investors come from poor and lower middle class sections rather than wait for state governments.
“If we have to fight corruption in this country, there is a fundamental requirement that we have to fight our greed.
When gullible people get trapped in such schemes, they are trapped because of their own greed...If we have to fight corruption, we have to have control on ourselves,” he said at the Aaj Tak Agenda.
The 1979-batch IPS officer, who took charge of the agency on December 3, said he would not like to interfere in the work of other agencies who are mandated to probe such cases.
Mr. Sinha said all the steps taken in the case are based on the available “facts and evidence”.
“...We have to work as per mandate given to us. There should be not interference,” the CBI chief said.
The apex court had observed that more than 25 lakh claims have been received in Odisha and West Bengal which is indicative of the magnitude of scam in terms of number of citizens that were “defrauded by the ponzi companies”.
He said he has directed his officers to work without fear and total impartiality without thinking about consequences and also ensuring that “unnecessary harassment” should be avoided.
Indicating that information on investigations will not come out easily in the open, Mr. Sinha said, “I strongly believe that very little information about investigations should come in public domain. Things which should not be in public domain, should not be in public domain at all. I can understand the curiosity of people but I cannot help that. There are very few things which we can put in public domain”.

"Modi village" is Varanasi s new hot spot"Modi village" is Varanasi's new hot spot
Mayank Mishra | Jayapur, Varanasi Dec 16, 2014 12:23 AM IST
Narayan Patel is a busy man these days. Apart from attending to scores of journalists coming from all over the place, he has to take care of the needs of visiting government officials, foreign delegates, representatives from civil society, company executives, scientists and researchers. The de facto Pradhan of Jayapur village in Varanasi district, however, does not mind this sudden change in his life, as “his village” has become part of history after the prime minister decided to adopt it as part of the Sansad Adarsh Gram Yojana (SAGY).
Jayapur, with a population of a little over 4,200, was  like most other villages before Prime Minister Narendra Modi adopted it on November 7. Other than a primary school, the village is short of any amenity a decent habitation should have. A primary health centre is a few kilometres away, the nearest railway station is at a distance of 10 km, secondary and tertiary education centres are miles away, electricity is conspicuous by its absence most of the time and there is nothing called a working public transport system.
“Ab sab kuch badalne wala hai (everything is going to change now),” exudes Patel, with nearly a dozen villagers nodding in agreement. Anticipating achche din, villagers are about to make lifestyle changes. Serving visitors with “sugar-free sweets” is one of these. “Do not worry. You can have them without any apprehension,” a villager sitting near Narayan Patel told us, while serving a plateful of kaju katli.
There are signs of achche din for this village. Within a week of the PM’s announcement about adopting Jayapur, Union Bank opened a solar-powered fully computerised branch. In less than two weeks, the branch has sanctioned a 35-lakh crop loan, with Rs 24 lakh already disbursed. The branch has also arranged for villagers to enrol for Aadhaar cards. All families of the village have opened bank accounts under the Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Scheme.
State Bank of India is looking for a place to open its branch. Life Insurance Corporation of India has done a preliminary survey and is set to launch a special scheme, with a promise of recruiting 15 agents from the village. Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited is set to install a mobile tower. Scientists of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) have provided top-quality wheat seeds to all the families. KRIBHCO has distributed quality seeds of onion and peas, free of cost, to all villagers.
A visiting Japanese delegation has promised to set up a drainage system in the village. A senior state government official told this reporter that an Indian-born American scientist has promised to set up educational infrastructure in the village. And, the village will soon have a vocational training centre for women.
Help is coming from other quarters as well. Baba Ramdev’s disciple, Om ran a three-day yoga camp last week and renowned doctors, including cancer and heart specialists, from Varanasi and Delhi have started holding day-long health camps, providing free health care. Villagers also say they are expecting stars from Bhojpuri films to hold live concerts. Villagers also expect 24/7 power supply soon with the help of a solar energy plant is in the planning stage.
“Modiji to sansar ke maalik hain. Unhe to sab pata hai. Unko batane ki zaroorat thodi hai (Modiji is the lord of the world. He knows everything. Who are we to tell him what to do” says Durgavati Devi, village pradhan. Narayan Patel is her brother-in-law. She shared dais with the prime minister when he had visited the village on November 7. “The prime minister asked for my wish on the dais. What could I tell him” she adds.
The promise of better physical infrastructure is only one of the many changes , recount villagers. What pleases them the most is the attitudinal change in the way government officials approach the village. “Whenever our pradhan calls up a local police officer or a district magistrate or any senior officer, she is heard seriously and her concerns addressed without any delay,” says a villager, who took a lift in our taxi and talked at length about how good things are waiting to happen in the village. “A senior district administration official visited our village recently and inspected our ration shop. He found some deficiency and issued instant instruction to get it rectified.”
Villagers take pride in the fact that Jayapur is one of the few all-Hindu village in the area. According to local legends, when Mughal emperor Aurangzeb was on a temple hunting mission, his army came across an old Hanuman temple in the village. It was unique in the sense that the main deity was black in colour. Villagers recount how their forefathers defeated the powerful Mughal army and kept the temple safe from invasion. Hence, the name Jayapur. The narrative  has perhaps sustained its all-Hindu character. One Varanasi-based journalist, who works for a national news channel, told this reporter Jayapur “has traditionally been a Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) stronghold and one of the RSS prant pracharaks belongs to this village. RSS holds regular sakhas in the village. The RSS may have played a role in adoption of this village by the PM.” He requested not to be named.
For the time being, Jayapur is basking in its new-found glory. For manyof the visitors to Varanasi, it is becoming a must-visit destination in their itinerary. “When I visited the village, I saw a gentleman from Patna who wanted to plant five trees in ‘Modi’s village’. Then there, were people from Uttarakhand and Delhi coming to see this village. I know many taxi operators in Varanasi, who have started showing road maps to their drivers on how to reach Jayapur,” said the journalist.

Sarpanch killed by unidentified gunmen in J-KComments
The body of a sarpanch, who was kidnapped by unidentified gunmen on Friday night, was found in Sopore area of north Kashmir's Baramulla district on Saturday.
Body of Ghulam Mohammad Mir (62) was recovered from a field in Shalabugh area of Sopore town, police said.
Mir was abducted by six gunmen from his residence in Tarzoo area of Sopore town at around 9pm on Friday night, a police official said.
Mir's family lodged a complaint with police following which a search operation was launched. The kidnapping cane three days after Sopore Assembly segment went to polls in the third phase.
This is the second sarpanch killing during the ongoing assembly elections.
On November 30, sarpanch Mohammad Sultan Bhat was shot dead in Shopian district. Another sarpanch was attacked in the run up to third phase of polling.
While the grassroot representatives have always been soft targets of militants in the valley, more than 12 panchs and sarpanches have been killed in Kashmir since panchayat elections took place in 2011.
While condemning the killing,  All Jammu and Kashmir Panchayat Conference chairman Shafiq Mir said that militants and other antidemocratic forces must read the writings on wall and shun the path of violence against the people of the state having opposite ideology. "They (militants) should realize that the people of the state have rejected their ideology and have proven their full faith in the democratic system. We will not let them to kill our leaders any more we will raise a banner of revolt against them soon if they didn’t stop attacks  on our leaders," said  Mir.
The apple town, hitherto known as separatist stronghold, saw a turnout of 30%, which was 10% higher than 2008 assembly elections.

Petroleum regulator draws guidelines for pipeline safetyPetroleum regulator draws guidelines for pipeline safety
Sudheer Pal Singh | New Delhi Dec 13, 2014 10:43 PM IST
Downstream petroleum , Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB) has worked out new guidelines for implementing a safety mechanism for the country’s oil and gas pipeline infrastructure. The new guidelines come close on the heels of the latest 350-tonne oil spill in the ecologically sensitive Sunderbans, giving a tough time to Indian and Bangladesh authorities.
The regulator has floated the draft of the new guidelines — PNGRB (Integrity Management System for Petroleum and Petroleum Product Pipelines) Regulations 2014 — for consultations. They will be applicable uniformly to all oil companies.
“These regulations shall cover all the existing and new petroleum and petroleum product pipelines. This includes the associated facilities required for transportation for petroleum and petroleum products through pipelines, including storage facilities, delivery stations or terminals, intermediate pigging facilities, pumping stations, etc,” PNGRB said in its draft rules.
The new rules, built on a similar mechanism followed in the US to protect oil infrastructure, aim at evaluating risks associated with pipelines and allocating resources for their prevention; improve safety of infrastructure to protect personnel and environment; and having effective systems to minimise pipeline failures.
While the latest oil spill in Sela river,  that runs through the ecologically fragile Sunderbans, resulted from the sinking of an oil tanker after it collided with another vessel, most oil spillage accidents in India have occurred owing to bursting or leaking of pipelines. Such incidents have often resulted in large scale fires. A case in point is the June 2014 fire in gas utility GAIL’s pipeline in East Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh. Over 14 people had died and 15 critically injured in the gas leak-cum-pipeline burst.
Under the new system, all pipeline operators would have to conduct in-line inspection of pipelines to locate deformation, corrosion, detection of pressure loss due to rupture and use of sensors for detecting oil and gas leaks. Also, the companies would have to conduct ground, aerial and electronic surveys at regular intervals to locate and check leakages and pilferage. Satellite imaging methods will also be used to check pipeline disruptions every month.
The IMS was first employed by the US’ Department of Transportation in 1970 which led to the development of Managing System Integrity for Hazardous Liquid Pipelines document. In India, commercial use of petroleum pipelines started in the late 1980s with the commissioning of Guwahati-Barauni petroleum pipeline.

5 questions to ask when shopping for a tutorTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Fri 2 Jan, 2015, 9:47 PM IST - India Markets closed
5 Questions to Ask When Shopping for a Tutor
By Geoff Williams | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Thu 16 Oct, 2014 9:29 PM IST
Print
>
Your child isn't doing well in school. You've thought about hiring a tutor. You've also considered the cost. And then you felt guilty.
After all, tutoring is an expense ready-made for parental guilt. You probably feel lousy that your own brain power isn't enough to help your child power through his or her school work, and you may feel rotten for not wanting to spend money on a tutor. You may wonder if this is going to be money well spent -- or if it will disappear into a black hole.
If tutoring works, your child will see his or her grades and confidence improve, and your own stress levels may decrease. But to get your money's worth, you have your own homework to do before hiring a tutor. Consider the following questions part of your tutor tutorial.
What can I expect to pay for a tutor? According to Care.com, which helps consumers find tutors as well as baby-sitters, nannies and other caretakers, you can expect to pay $75 an hour, on average, for a certified professional teacher; if you hire a local high school student, expect to pay about $10 to $15 an hour.
"Tutoring services will vary in cost from region to region and [are] based upon academic grade level," says Kimberly Kulp, a spokeswoman for Bridgeway Academy, a home schooling academy based in Catasauqua, Pennsylvania. Kulp says at least in her area, parents can find a tutor for $45 to $60 an hour. If that's too high, she suggests hiring a local high school or college student.
Where can I find a tutor? Kulp advises asking around at your school. "Often, schools will have a list of tutors or tutoring programs available for parents," Kulp says. If that doesn't pan out, she suggests asking other parents of kids your child's age or checking online. "There are several reputable, national tutoring services available that can help your child to overcome their learning challenges," she says. Sites like the aforementioned Care.com as well as OwlTutors.com and WyzAnt.com can help you find a tutor in your area.
Once you find a tutor you're interested in, "it's just like hiring anyone else," says Karen Franse, a public relations specialist and mother of three in Palatka, Florida. She and her husband hired a tutor last school year for her son in middle school, hoping it would help him write better history papers. "You need to see some credentials, a résumé, something that tells you what that person's background is. Then, once you've narrowed down the choices, interview them for the job and get a feel for both the person and their teaching philosophy," Franse says.
How can I ensure my child's safety? Whether you hire a certified teacher or a neighborhood kid, remember to keep your guard up. "You don't want someone coming into your home and spending time with your child that you don't know is safe," Franse says. "Many tutors want to have kids meet them at the library or even come to their homes, and we did not select those people."
Franse asked the tutor to come to their house, where either she or her parents were in earshot of her son and the tutor. Another benefit of that, Franse says, is if you notice your tutor and child are spending too much time on a subject you don't think is relevant, you can redirect them.
Slideshow - Entrance exams needed to study abroad
Is the tutor a good match? It isn't enough for your child's tutor to be smart. The human element is important, too. In a lot of ways, how well your student interacts with a tutor is "90 percent motivation," says Anthony-James Green, who owns Test Prep Authority, a tutoring firm headquartered in New York City. If a student and a tutor don't seem like a good match, he recommends the parent "jump ship very quickly."
Green says he wouldn't give it more than two sessions if your child seems underwhelmed by the tutor. "If the kid doesn't like [the tutor] or isn't inspired, that's not going to have anything to do with the tutor's knowledge of fractions," Green says. "It's like working with a personal trainer. You may go to a good gym, but if you don't like your trainer, you won't want to show up and work out."
He adds that if your child does like the tutor, and the two have good chemistry, that should lead to results. "Although you always have to worry that they're too friendly and are chatting more than working on the subjects," he says.
Also make sure the tutor is familiar with the school's curriculum. This is a lesson Susan Miller, a mom and business owner in Pembroke Pines, Florida, learned when hiring multiple math tutors for her two daughters, ages 10 and 12.
"The tutors who have not worked out are the ones who weren't familiar with how the lessons were being taught in school," Miller says. "You can teach the kids your way, but it may not be the way that their teacher or school wants them to learn. These days, that's just as important as being able to work out the problem."
Miller, who has been happily using the same two tutors for two years, says the tutor she hired for her oldest daughter is also a teacher at her school. Her younger child's tutor doesn't work at the school but is willing to communicate with the math teacher to make sure they're in sync.
Does your child need more than a tutor? Every once in a while, Green comes across a student who has such severe anxiety over tests that he'll recommend counseling to help understand where the fear is rooted. It may also be that your child needs a cheerleader: you or your spouse.
"I've had parents say, 'My daughter is bad at math,' or 'She's such a dummy when it comes to reading.' And their daughter will be right there in front of them," Green says. "Any high school student can get an A-plus with the right training, but they're indoctrinating their kids to have no belief in themselves."

Comet Probe Shoots Down Popular Theory About Earth s WaterBut new data from the European Space Agency's Rosetta mission suggest that that theory is all wet.
The data show that the chemical signature of water found on Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko differs significantly from that of the water found on Earth. (Comet 67P's water contains about three times more of the heavy hydrogen isotope deuterium than does terrestrial water.) And that has Dr. Kathrin Altwegg, the principal investigator for the Rosetta instrument that collected the data, arguing that it's unlikely that comets brought water our way.
(Story continues below infographic.)
Rosetta’s measurement of the deuterium-to-hydrogen ratio (D/H) measured in the water vapor around Comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko. The measurements were made between Aug. 8 and Sept. 5.
Instead of comets, Altwegg said in a written statement, it could have been asteroids .
She said that while asteroids today contain limited amounts of water, that probably wasn't the case billions of years ago, according to The Guardian.
Dr. Michael A'Hearn, a University of Maryland astronomer who wasn't involved in the research, called the new finding startling, the Associated Press reported. But he said it doesn't rule out the possibility that other kinds of comets could have brought water to Earth.
But Donald Yeomans, program manager of NASA's Near Earth Object program, told the AP that the finding pretty much does rule out comets.
A paper describing the new data was published online Dec. 10 in the journal Science.
Also on HuffPost:

Mobile phones to drive YouTube growth in India: John HardingMobile phones to drive YouTube growth in India: John Harding
Dev Chatterjee | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 10:43 PM IST
YouTube, a Google product, launched its offline video product in India, Indonesia and Philippines simultaneously to take advantage of the growing cellular phone penetration in these countries and unstable data quality of the cell phone networks. With this product, a consumer can download a video from a hotspot with a Wi-Fi connectivity and watch it later when they are travelling. In an interview with Dev Chatterjee, John Harding, vice-president of engineering for YouTube, talks more about YouTube’s plans on India. Excerpts:
You are launching YouTube offline in India today alongwith with other emerging countries… what’s the market do you see for this product in India?
The infrastructure which is available today in India makes it very difficult for our consumers to experience our product well. The slow 2G connections, lack of access to broadband and high costs make it difficult for the videos to download properly. Even in 3G networks the experience is not so good.
Now with this product, you can download your videos from a hotspot with faster Wi-Fi and watch it later when you are on the go. The product experience is the same when you are accessing videos offline. You can shoot the video and upload later when you connect to a better network.
So no more buffering and you can watch Hi-Def videos saved in phones. We are launching this product simultaneously in three countries today: India, Indonesia and Philippines.
When it comes to most digital products, it is a challenge in India on how to monetise them. How successful you have in India in monetising YouTube?
We are working with all the carriers in India to offer more affordable pricing for YouTube. We worked with all our content creator partners to enable a feature like this. The ads will come on the offline videos like it appears currently in YouTube. The skip ad option will also be there. We have to make sure that our content creators also make money with the videos. Our content creators are incredibly happy with our model. The more a video is watched, it’s good for our content creators to earn revenues as its on per view basis.
Any interesting trend do you notice among the Indian users of YouTube which is different from the global ones, may be in terms of contents, preference?
The smart phones are growing at a phenomenal rate in India. More people are accessing the net on the phone rather than traditional devises. The content is accessed on the phones as more and more people get online with their phones.
That said, in India the biggest draw is Bollywood videos, cooking programs and of course sports events. Many South Indian regional programmes are also doing well.
You have recently launched YouTube music-subscription service called YouTube Music Key, globally. Any plans to bring it to India?
Yes, the product has been received very well in the United States and the product is picking up pace.

Party Your Way to a New Job During the HolidaysOne of the most enjoyable parts of the holidays are attending holiday parties, catching up with people you know and meeting new people.
Conveniently, catching up with people you know and meeting new people is a wonderful opportunity to network.
Coincidentally, networking is the number one way to find a new job.
How to "Party" Your Way to a New Job
If you party the right way, you will leverage the holidays for your job search while you are enjoying them.
Know job title(s) and target employers so you can give a clear answer to the "What are you looking for?" question.
Don't make this the topic that you discuss with everyone. But, when asked, have a clear answer that you share quickly and coherently.
Note: "Anything!" is an absolutely useless answer to the what-are-you-looking-for question, and, also, wrong unless you could be a rocket scientist and a brain surgeon, etc. Some people will interpret that response as a sign of desperation, and desperation is not attractive.
A better response (if appropriate for you) is something like, "I'm looking for a customer service supervisor or manager job with a bank or financial services company like ABC, XYZ, or EFG."
The complete answer is also much more likely to generate useful responses from others. It provides both the possibly job title as well as the names of target employers -- both of which provide the listener with clues to help them think of possibilities for you, now and later.
[More: The Quickest Way to Land Your New Job ]
Bring "networking cards."
Networking cards include your name, profession or target job, personal (not work!) email address, personal (not work!) cell phone number, LinkedIn profile URL, and (possibly) Twitter account. Don't include Facebook unless your Facebook account is completely professional.
Renew some "old" friendships and working/school relationships, people who already know you and your work.
Contact former colleagues, co-workers, bosses, and subordinates. And/or contact former classmates.
Suggest a "holiday alumni reunion" (see Job-Hunt.org's Directory of Corporate Alumni Groups or search LinkedIn Groups), and meet at an old hangout for your reunion get-together. Catch up with what's going on with everyone else, and share what you're doing (or contemplating doing).
To maximize meeting new people, attend at least one party or other holiday gathering you've never attended before.
Check with local professional, charity, or business groups (whatever is most appropriate and appealing) to see if they have a holiday event you can attend.
Be a good networker.
Connect, and catch up with others. Do more listening than talking (2 ears, 1 mouth - for a reason).
Learn what other people are doing before sharing information about your job search. That strategy is both polite and useful. Maybe they work at one of your target employers?
Try to think of some way you can help the people you have met - maybe a contact name for them, recommendation on a great gift for their kids, or something else useful to them.
Consider organizing your own holiday networking event. [More: Holiday Networking Like a Pro! ]
Enjoy yourself, within reason.
Company holiday parties are infamous for the idiot who gets drunk and tells off the boss. This kind of situation is what's known as a "career-limiting move," and you don't want to do that, regardless how deserving that boss or former boss may be. So, monitor your alcohol consumption, even on New Year's Eve.
Bottom Line
Networking is a long-term activity where you help others as much as they help you, sharing information and leads, and the holidays provide a wonderful excuse and venue for expanding your network.
Since networking, like everything else, is very seldom a "quick fix" to anyone's job search efforts, growing the size and strength of your network at holiday parties is a smart strategy.
Any holiday gathering usually provides us with a wonderful opportunity to get back in touch with old friends, and to meet new friends. The opportunity to attend parties translates into an increase in networking opportunities which can provide you with some good job leads!
More Holiday Job Search Tips
New Year, New Job! 101 Top Tips from the Job-Hunt Experts for Your Holiday Job Search: How to Use the Holidays to Advance Your Job Search . Read the reviews! At only 99 cents, this is a no-brainer!
Follow me on GooglePlus and Twitter (@JobHuntOrg) for more job search tips. Join the Job-Hunt Help LinkedIn Group for more help with your job search. This article was original posted on Job-Hunt.org .
Susan P. Joyce is president of NETability, Inc. and the editor and chief technology writer for Job-Hunt.org and WorkCoachCafe.com. A veteran of the United States Marine Corps, Susan is also a Visiting Scholar at the MIT Sloan School of Management. In addition to HuffingtonPost.com, Susan also contributes to AOL Jobs, LinkedIn, YouTern.com, NextAvenue.org, and BrazenCareerist.
Follow Susan P. Joyce on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jobhuntorg
More:
Careers Job Search Tips Careers Business Holidays Parties Careers Job Hunting Advice
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Hinduja Group to turn a World War II building into a 5-star hotelHinduja Group to turn a World War II building into a 5-star hotel
Fire insurance rates to zoom up for corporatesFire insurance rates to zoom up for corporates
M Saraswathy | Mumbai Dec 13, 2014 10:11 PM IST
The insurance regulator’s whip on insurers to better price fire, property and group health risk might prove to be costly for customers. Since heavy discounts up to 90 per cent are being offered to customers in fire portfolio, estimates show that these corporates would see an increase of 200-300 per cent in their rates on an average.
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda), in its guidelines on pricing of risk, has said industry-wise loss cost must be the starting point and should be considered for pricing a product. Burning costs must be looked into. The burning cost is the estimated cost of claims in the forthcoming insurance period, calculated from previous years’ experience adjusted for changes in the numbers insured, the nature of cover and rate of medical inflation. This is a ratio used by insurers to protect themselves from larger claims that exceed premiums paid.
Pavan Dhingra, CEO, Prudent Insurance Brokers, said after applying these discount rates, at times there is a huge difference between the prevailing policy premiums and the burning cost.  “Insurance premiums will go up massively for all customers in 2015 when burning cost is the start point,” he said.
Prudent has done an analysis to gauge how much of an increase customers will be hit with given the existing highly discounted tariffs and the fact that Industry Burning Cost will be the start point for determining tariffs, come January.
Irda has said insurance companies can consider burning cost of a particular risk on its own past acceptances for all available products.
It further said since burning cost for property risks are published by Insurance Information Bureau (IIB) of India for perils other than natural catastrophe, insurers need to consider adequate pricing for the said risks, if offered.
Though this was to be enforced from January 1 next year, it has been postponed to February 1. Dhingra said it needs to be seen as to how companies would implement it.
The insurer’s own experience on procurement and management costs also needs to be considered to a large extent of current levels, said Irda. The regulator said due to aggressive competition in the market, risks are not being adequately priced.
In a bid to retain corporate accounts, certain non-life sector insurers are indulging in this practice of offering high discounts. Industry players said there is not just transfer of accounts from private to public, but also from one private non-life insurer to the other. Industry experts believe that it is not sensible to offer discounts to large profitable firms, since they are capable of purchasing insurance without a subsidy.

Indian Army got 601 officer after POP atIMABy: Express News Service | Dehradun |
Posted: December 13, 2014 9:12 pm | Updated: December 14, 2014 3:09 am
Following the Passing Out Parade (POP) at the Dehradun-based Indian Military Academy, the Indian Army, on December 13, got a total of 601 officers. Apart from this, 64 foreign gentlemen cadets, including 44 from Afghanistan, 12 from Tajikistan, 3 from Maldives, 2 each from Nepal and Mauritius, and one from Kazakhstan, graduated from the IMA.
Chief of the General Staff of Afghan National Army Sher Mohammad Karimi, who reviewed the parade at IMA, termed his presence at the function as “home coming”. Karimi reached IMA on December 12 to attend the function.
“It has been a sort of home coming for me as I have attended a number of courses in India,” Karimi recalled his association with the country at the function. He added the world is in state of flux. “I have seen the changes in my own country. There were difficult times but a soldier is always a soldier, ready to bear the responsibilities,” Karimi mentioned in his speech.
He also said that the bonds of friendship that gentlemen cadets have developed here at the Indian Military Academy will be with them throughout their military career. “It feels great to know that amongst you today are 64 gentlemen cadets from five different countries. I congratulate 44 cadets from my own country Afghanistan, 12 cadets from Tajikistan, 3 from Maldives, two cadets from each Mauritius and Nepal and one from Kazakhstan,” Karimi said at the gathering.
Out of the total 601 officers, who were inducted into the Indian Army, 103 officers are from UP, 73 are from Haryana and 51 are from Uttarakhand. Bhanu Pratap was adjudged as Best All Around cadet during the training and he was awarded sword of honour.

Cold wave intensifies in north India  first snowfall in ShimlaDec 13, 2014 at 08:55pm IST
Cold wave intensifies in north India, first snowfall in Shimla
114
0
New Delhi: Cold conditions intensified in north India on Saturday as Shimla and some other popular tourist spots in Himachal Pradesh received the season's first snowfall while several areas in other states experienced light showers.
In Delhi, chilly conditions prevailed as the sky remained overcast and scattered rains occurred in some parts of the city which was swept by cold winds.
After recording the season's lowest so far on Friday at 5.1 degrees Celsius, the minimum settled two notches above the season's average at 10.4 degrees Celsius though the wind chill factor made life difficult for Delhiites.
The maximum temperature was recorded two notches below the normal at 20.8 degrees Celsius.
#shimla #snowfall #winter season #delhi
The maximum temperature was recorded two notches below the normal at 20.8 degrees Celsius. Humidity in air oscillated between 88 and 51 per cent.
In Himachal Pradesh, state capital Shimla and key tourist resorts of Manali, Narkanda, Kalpa and Sangla received first snowfall of the season, while mid and lower hills were lashed by widespread rains, breaking the prolonged dry spell.
People in Jakoo area of Shimla experienced first snowfall of the season while heavy rains lashed the main town which recorded 20 cms of rainfall.
Manali, Kaza, Kalpa and Khara-Patthar received 10 to 15 cms of snow while Rohtang Pass, Kunzam Pass, Dhauladhar ranges in Kangra and Churdhar ranges in Sirmaur experienced 20 to 30 cms of snow.
High-altitude tribal areas and other higher reaches in the state also experienced another spell of moderate snowfall. The rains and snow caused sharp fall in mercury and the maximum day temperatures dropped by eight to twelve degrees in the state.
About 400 vehicles, including some buses, were stranded between Rohtang Pass and Solang Nallah due to snow and stranded tourists were trying to reach Manali on foot with the help of rescue teams. Vehicular traffic on Hindustan-Tibet National High was also hampered due to snow at Narkanda and Kufri but normal traffic was restored after few hours.
Kargil district in Jammu and Kashmir recorded a low of minus 10.2 degrees Celsius, even as some parts of the state got some relief from the intense cold conditions.
Leh registered a minimum of minus 9.4 degrees Celsius while nearby Kargil town recorded a low of minus 10.2 degrees Celsius becoming the coldest recorded place in the state, local MET department officials said.
Srinagar, the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir, recorded a minimum temperature of 0.5 degrees Celsius.
1156

Ex-BJP candidate  NC city chief join Congress inJammuBy: Press Trust of India | Jammu |
Posted: December 13, 2014 9:42 pm
In a boost to Congress, Jammu’s NC chief and a BJP leader today joined the party in the presence of party’s state chief Saifuddin Soz ahead of the crucial fifth and final phase of polls in the region on December 20.
BJP leader Ram Saroop Sharma and NC’s Kali Dass Verma joined the party along with hundreds of their supporters at an election rally in Akhnoor.
Addressing the rally, Soz pledged to address regional aspirations by forming Regional Development Councils.
“Jammu’s grievances and their denied rights shall be given due regards”, he said and appealed to people to vote for Congress in the Jammu region as well.
He said congress suffered in coalition with the National Conference as Chief Minister Omar Abdullah failed to honour party’s commitments on more powers to panchyats, Food Security Bill and other major issues.
He admitted that at the time of forging alliance with the NC, congress could have asked for rotational Chief Minister to enable itself to fulfil its manifesto.
Soz said his party will not allow communal agenda of BJP to succeed in the state.
The BJP will be force to pack up their mission of division of three regions (Jammu, Kashmir and Laddakh) after the assembly results are declared, he said.
Soz was addressing the rally in support of Congress candidate from Akhnoor Sham Lal Sharma. Sharma was also a minister in Omar’s cabinet.
Sham Lal said Ram Saroop’s exit from BJP has virtually dashed on the ground divisive party’s nefarious designs.
Saroop had lost the last assembly election.
The polling process will come to an end in Kashmir Valley on December 14 and all the 20 seats going to polls on December 20 are in the Jammu region.

Trinamool-CPI(M) clash in Burdwan  2injuredBy: Press Trust of India | Burdwan |
Posted: December 13, 2014 9:26 pm
Arrest of West Bengal Sports and Transport minister Madan Mitra in the Saradha scam on December 13 triggered clashes between processionists belonging to the ruling Trinamool Congress and CPI(M) and police lathicharge leaving two persons injured, police said.
Burdwan Superintendent of Police S M H Mirza said the Trinamool Congress had taken out a procession from the station area to Curzon Gate in the heart of the town where a street corner meeting was being held to protest against the arrest of the minister in the Saradha scam.
Meanwhile, the CPI(M) also took out a procession from the station area towards G T Road to demand arrests of others involved in the Saradha scam, the SP said.
When the two processions came face to face, the processions exchanged heated words and came to blows. The police on getting information, rushed to the area and when the processionists refused to disperse, made a lathicharge, the SP said.
At least two persons were injured in the scuffle and the lathicharge, the SP said adding that the injured were admitted to Burdwan Medical College and Hospital where the condition of both the persons was stated to be serious.
 

Survey of India files complaint against GooglemapsBy: Press Trust of India | Dehradun |
Posted: December 13, 2014 9:26 pm | Updated: December 13, 2014 9:32 pm
Survey of India on Saturday filed a complaint with the police against Google maps for alleged wrong depiction of India’s international boundaries.
Dalanwala Police station in charge Anil Kumar Joshi said that the Survey of India, in its complaint, said that Google maps is depicting India’s international boundaries in a “wrong” manner, that is not justified.
Joshi said the Survey of India has sought police action in the matter.
After verification of the points raised by the Survey of India in the complaint, police will file an FIR, Joshi said.
Survey of India is country’s national survey and mapping organisation under the department of Science and Technology.

Temple gutted in fire due to short-circuit; APMCC demandprobeBy: Press Trust of India | Jammu/srinagar |
Posted: December 13, 2014 9:48 pm
A temple of Mata Jawala ji, revered deity of Kashmiri Pandits, was on Saturday gutted in a fire caused by short-circuit in Pulwama district of south Kashmir, Police said.
Fire broke out in the ancient temple at Khrew, 17 kms from here, in the wee hours of on Saturday, damaging the place ofworship, the police said.
Preliminary investigations revealed that the fire was caused by short-circuit and spread within no time engulfing the wooden structure, causing damage, they said.
A unit of Rashtriya Rifles, stationed within the temple complex, joined the fire fighting operation which lasted for several hours, police said.
Terming it “shocking”, an organisation of Kashmiri Pandits on Saturday demanded a probe into the incident and an immediate reconstruction of the temple complex.
In a statement, All Parties Migrants Coordination Committee (APMCC) Chairman Vinod Pandit said the fire incident at the ancient temple, which is a religious shrine for Kashmiri Pandits, was shocking and demanded a thorough probe to find out the exact cause of the fire.
Pandit said since winter has already set in, immediate steps needed to be taken to prevent further damage to the temple.
APMCC national spokesperson King Bharati demanded an immediate reconstruction of the temple by the government sticking to the ancient architecture, to restore the faith of the community.
He said since the government has initiated steps for reconstruction following fire incidents at religious places in Kashmir Valley in recent past, it was its duty to initiate similar steps for the religious shrines of Kashmiri Pandits.
APMCC team led by Ravi Bhat, a social activist, which has been camping at the temple complex since morning said the temple needs to be reconstructed immediately to prevent further damage from snow as it would be impossible later on due to the height of the temple and the onset of winters.
Meanwhile, APMCC appealed to the government to take preventive steps over reports of “mafia encroaching upon the temple properties” in Habba Kadal and other places in Kashmir Valley.

Survey of India files complaint against Google maps for wrong depiction of India s boundariesDec 13, 2014 at 09:17pm IST
Survey of India files complaint against Google maps for wrong depiction of India's boundaries
80
0
Dehradun: Survey of India on Saturday filed a complaint with police against Google maps for alleged wrong depiction of India's international boundaries.
Dalanwala Police station in charge Anil Kumar Joshi said that the Survey of India, in its complaint, said that Google maps is depicting India's international boundaries in a "wrong" manner, that is not justified.
Joshi said the Survey of India has sought police action in the matter.
Survey of India on Saturday filed a complaint with police against Google maps for alleged wrong depiction of India's international boundaries.
After verification of the points raised by the Survey of India in the complaint, police will file an FIR, Joshi said. Survey of India is country's national survey and mapping organisation under the department of Science and Technology.
7

HC refuses to dump adulteration case against PepsicoHC refuses to dump adulteration case against Pepsico
Press Trust of India | Ahmedabad Dec 13, 2014 10:11 PM IST
The Gujarat High Court has refused to set aside a case filed against the Pepsico Holdings India Private Ltd for selling adulterated product.
Justice J B Pardiwala, two days ago, rejected the soft drink major's application seeking quashing of the 17 years old case.
The High Court did not accept its contention that delay in filing of the case caused it prejudice.
Surat Municipal Corporation's food inspector, A S Licensewala, collected six bottles of the soft drink Lehar Pepsi from Kamal Enterprise, a wholesaler, in November 1997, and sent them for testing.
The report of tests, received in January 1998, said the beverage was adulterated, with excessive impurity in the form of "floated feculent gelatin".
SMC filed a complaint against Pepsico and 11 of its employees in September 2000 before a magistrate's court.
Both the magistrate as well as the sessions judge refused to quash the complaint, so the company moved the High Court.
The company contended that there was a delay of more than two years in the filing of the case, and the tested sample might have changed with the lapse of time. But the High Court did not accept this argument.

Call-taxis to be regulatedUpdated: December 14, 2014 02:11 IST
Norms soon to regulate call-taxis
Vivek Narayanan
Tweet
The Hindu
The government will soon come out with norms to regulate call-taxis. The decision follows the rape of a passenger by an Uber cab driver in New Delhi recently.
TOPICS
Tamil Nadu
The State government will soon come out with norms to regulate call-taxis. The decision follows the rape of a passenger by an Uber cab driver in New Delhi recently.
A separate permit for call-taxis, GPS in call cabs and getting No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the police before appointing a driver are among the decisions expected to be taken by the government. “There are more cabs on the roads than autorickshaws. It is high time they were regulated,” said a source.
At present, the call-taxis in the city are plying on tourist permit.
“Many drivers and car owners often switch between tourist cab operators and call-taxi operators. So there is no clarity for whom they work. Hence, the government is planning a separate permit,” said the source.
When call-taxi drivers commit a crime, it is difficult to fix responsibility as they keep attaching their vehicles to different operators. “Some drivers have attached one car to different cab operators. It is difficult to track them,” said Lalgudi Srinivasan, joint secretary of the Chennai Tourist Taxi Owners Association.
Under the new norms, it is likely that call-taxis will not be allowed to ply out of the city limits. “If GPS is fixed in all cabs, it will be easy for the police to monitor the movement of the vehicles,” said a senior police officer.
Call-taxi operators feel that it is a good move. “The government should also bring out a list of call-taxi operators and the names of drivers attached with them,” said Red Sun C. Ambikapathi, president of the Tamil Nadu Call Taxi Owners Association.
The government may either fix the fare or ask the call-taxi operators to install the meters or monitor the fares.
“As of now, each operator is charging a different fare. This leads to unhealthy competition. It is better if the government fixes Rs.100 as the minimum fare for the first four kilometres,” said Mr. Ambikapathi.

There seems to be no property bubble yet in India: Ratna SahayThere seems to be no property bubble yet in India: Ratna Sahay
Praveen Bose |  Dec 13, 2014 10:46 PM IST
Amid talk of an asset bubble in the country, housing prices overall are not yet a concern. But policy makers should closely monitor and take action if prices begin to rise too fast, Ratna Sahay, deputy director, monetary and capital markets, International Monetary Fund, tells Praveen Bose. Sahay was in Bengaluru to participate in the 'IIMB-IMF International Conference on Housing, Financial Stability and Growth", and notes that the housing market seems to be well regulated. Excerpts:
Is there a bubble in the Indian property market?
A bubble occurs when prices are rising too fast compared to historical trends. We do not yet see this phenomenon in India, though property prices are rising. It could be that bubbles are emerging in some pockets such as in big cities that are still growing fast. In general, a rise in prices indicates that demand is going up more rapidly than the increase in supply.
So are the rising property prices you are seeing good or bad?
It depends. If income levels are rising, one should expect house prices to go up too. This can be positive for the government's budget as property tax revenues will also go up. But if prices are rising because borrowing large sums of money to buy a house is easy, it may be a sign of concern, especially if people cannot afford the mortgage payments later.  
The economic problems of 2008 in the US started in the housing sector. Many people, including those in the middle and low income groups got large mortgages at cheap rates that they really could not afford after some time.
Are the policies of the government helping keep bubbles in check?
India has used several types of macro-prudential policy tools intended to limit systemic risks to control a rapid increase in property prices. Limits have been imposed on 'loan to house value' ratios, called LTVs, which help contain demand. These limits have been imposed in both the household sector and in commercial properties. If the ratio of loan to value of a house is high, risks build up. LTVs around the world have ranged from 20 per cent on certain kinds of loans in Hong Kong to 100 per cent in Argentina.  If the regulators know that loans are being taken for speculative purposes, they should implement policies to prevent the extension of such loans.
How is the Indian economy doing, and what more should the new government do?
With regards to the economy, there is a lot to look forward to. The GDP (gross domestic product)  growth rate is increasing from about 4.7 per cent in the last fiscal year to 5.6 per cent this fiscal year. Next year, the IMF expects it to be more than 6 per cent. Thanks to the efforts of the RBI (Reserve Bank of India) in maintaining a tight monetary policy, CPI (consumer price index) inflation is finally coming down from over 9 per cent last year to around 6.7 per cent this fiscal year, per IMF's expectations.
With the new government's focus on governance and development, business confidence is also rising. Oil prices are falling fast, which is very good news for the energy-importing Indian economy as it will boost the government's fiscal consolidation efforts, further dampen inflation pressures, and narrow the current account deficit (CAD).
There are still many challenges. Inflation needs to fall further - in most countries it ranges between 1 per cent and 3 per cent, while in India the average CPI inflation will still range between 6 per cent and 7 per cent in the next two years. The Budget deficit, at about 7 per cent of the GDP this fiscal year, has come down in recent years, but is still too high and should decrease. In 2003, the government introduced the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act which aims to reduce the fiscal deficit to 3 per cent by 2016-17. But the quality of fiscal consolidation is also important. Rather than cutting capital expenditure, the government should raise revenues such as through the introduction of the GST (goods and services tax).
While fuel subsidies have fallen recently, other general subsidies should also fall, such as those on fertiliser and food. Moreover, the food procurement and distribution systems in India need to be fixed as there is a lot of leakage. There's no benefit from that. At the same time, these subsidies should be replaced with those targeted towards the poor. There are many ways to provide relief to the poor. One is through cash transfers, which will become possible with the introduction of the Jan Dhan Yojana and by identifying the poor through the Aadhaar scheme. Supply bottlenecks in power, coal, and other infrastructure also need to be removed to allow economic growth to rise even further.
Is inflation targeting important?
The RBI's plans to adopt a flexible inflation targeting framework is a welcome step. The RBI has announced an objective of bringing the CPI inflation down to 6 per cent by the first quarter of 2016, which is good. It is important to have a clear nominal anchor, which in India's case is the CPI inflation, and find ways to reach that target.
What initiatives of the new government have been most striking?
Introduction of e-governance, which diminishes the scope of corruption, reducing subsidies, tackling supply bottlenecks in infrastructure, and focusing on health and education of women are impressive. Providing toilets to girls across schools in the country is a very empowering step as it will encourage more girls to attend school.
Is there some point you would like to emphasise?
In addition to raising economic growth and reducing inflation,  the 2008 global financial crisis taught us that preserving financial stability is very important. The non-performing assets of public (sector) banks along with restructured assets make up almost 10 per cent of outstanding advances of the banking system, which is high by international standards. The Indian authorities need to tackle the quality of assets in public sector banks, improve their governance, and further strengthen insolvency frameworks.

