Spurious liquor racket: Election managers  excise officers under CID probePrint
Written by Sreenivas Janyala | Hyderabad | Posted: November 2, 2014 5:21 pm
The involvement of election managers of several political leaders in a spurious liquor racket is being investigated after a CID investigation
found that campaign agents had placed orders for several truckloads of spurious and cheap liquor to be distributed to voters in Kadapa,
Chittor, Anantapur, Nellore, Prakasam and Guntur districts during the general and local body elections in April and May this year.
The State Excise Department had seized some consignments of spurious liquor and booked several cases during the elections. However, they were unable to trace the origin of the cartons of liquor as they had changed several hands before being smuggled into Andhra Pradesh.
“In order to know the source of the non-duty paid cheap liquor and to catch the main suppliers, the Andhra Pradesh Government had ordered a
CID inquiry and the all the spurious liquor cases were transferred from Excise Department to CID. The CID took over 32 such cases and
during the investigation found that the cheap liquor originated in Goa and was transported through Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, and Pondicherry into AP by interstate bootleggers operating in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka.
The consignments changed hands several times and truck drivers also changed frequently,’’ an official said. A Special Investigation Team of CID arrested Rajendra Nirmal Kumar of Bengaluru, who they claim is the kingpin of interstate liquor suppliers, and works on commission basis. Kumar confessed to having sent 10 truck loads of spurious liquor and was helped in procuring and transporting it from Goa by Krishna Swamy of Chennai and Parthasaradhi Suresh of Pondicherry.
Kumar claimed that the liquor was ordered by agents of political parties during the elections. Kumar was produced before a court in
Nellore on Friday and remanded into police custody.
“Kumar is involved in 10 out of 11 cases of Nellore district. He also admitted that the spurious liquor was manufactured in certain distilleries
located in Goa. He conspired with suppliers and commission agents in Chennai and Pondicherry and supplied truckloads of illicit liquor to
political leaders in AP during elections,’’ an official said.
The CID unit at Tirupati also arrested E Vijay Kumar, a Prohibition and Excise Department sub-inspector posted at Chittor, and Govind
Sankaraiah, a retired Excise Department Head Constable, and a bootlegger B Srinivasulu Reddy of Rayachoti, Kadapa district.
The Excise officials connived with the main suppliers and also helped the bootlegger B Srinivasulu Reddy procure two truckloads of liquor, each
truck carrying 600 cartons, from Goa and Bengaluru which was distributed through liquor shops in Rayachoti in Kadapa. The Election
Commission had declared that 1.44 crore litres of liquor was seized in undivided Andhra Pradesh during the elections.

The party and politics of popular protestThe party and politics of popular protest
Review by Richard McGregor
Jessica Chen Weiss’s ‘Powerful Patriots’ is an invaluable record of China’s diplomatic storms
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cfeadd22-5ec4-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russian-backed regions of Ukraine hold poll© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25cbb9aa-6299-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotland to become independent within 20 ye...Scotland to become independent "within 20 years", says defeated nationalist leader
By Reuters | 2 Nov, 2014, 09.08PM IST
0
Share More
In September, 55 per cent of Scots voted to reject independence in a historic referendum after Britain's three main UK-wide parties promised to grant greater devolution to Scotland in the event of a "No" vote.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Scotland will break away from the United Kingdom within 20 years, the defeated leader of the Scots nationalists predicted on Sunday, after a poll showed a majority of voters would back independence if another referendum were held today.
In September, 55 per cent of Scots voted to reject independence in a historic referendum after Britain's three main UK-wide parties promised to grant greater devolution to Scotland in the event of a "No" vote.
But in a surprise poll on Saturday, 52 per cent of those asked said they would now vote for a breakaway.
Disagreements over how much more power Scotland will get and over separate proposals to stop non-English lawmakers voting on matters that concern England in the British parliament have clouded the referendum's aftermath, with the Scottish Nationalist Party (SNP) accusing other parties of backsliding.
Alex Salmond, the SNP's outgoing leader who unsuccessfully spearheaded the independence campaign, said on Sunday the desire for change was so strong, even among those who voted no, that independence was now inevitable.
Asked if he thought Scotland would become independent in the next 10 or 20 years, Salmond said "Yes".
"The destination is set. But the number of stops along the way and the exact timetable I think that's to be determined," he said. "It will actually be determined by the Scottish people."
The SNP lost the referendum but has bounced back and its ratings remain high. A poll last Thursday showed 52 percent of voters planned to vote for the pro-independence party in a UK-wide election in May next year.
By contrast, the opposition Labour party, which campaigned against independence, faced a wipe-out in its traditional stronghold of Scotland, the same poll showed, raising doubts about the left-leaning party's ability to unseat Prime Minister David Cameron's Conservatives.
With the May 2015 election shaping up to be the closest in modern British political history and neither Cameron's Conservatives nor Labour currently looking like they can win an outright majority, the winner may need to rely on support from other parties.
Salmond on Sunday ruled out a coalition with the Conservatives saying there was "no chance whatsoever" of such a tie-up. He said an alliance with Labour was "unlikely" but said circumstances could change.
ANOTHER REFERENDUM?
Nicola Sturgeon, who will take over as SNP leader from Salmond, said widespread distrust of promises of greater Scottish devolution coupled with a desire for change were fuelling a continued appetite for full-blown independence.
"There is a very, very strong mood for change in Scotland," Sturgeon told Sky News.
"If you take the 45 percent of people who voted yes in September and add to that the many people who voted no but did so on the promise of significant more powers for the Scottish parliament then what you have is a majority, arguably a very strong majority in Scotland for substantial change."
Sturgeon has hinted her party might push for another independence referendum as early as 2017 if a European Union membership referendum promised by Cameron takes place and results in a British EU exit.
Most Scots would like to remain inside the 28-nation bloc but Euroscepticism is on the rise in England where the anti-EU UK Independence Party (UKIP) won its first seat in parliament last month.
That sets the stage for a potential political and constitutional tussle if different parts of the United Kingdom vote in different ways in an EU membership referendum which could reopen the Scottish question.
Given that less than two months have passed since Scots rejected independence by a 10 point margin after a lengthy campaign some of the SNP's opponents believe it is getting ahead of itself.
"Listening to the political debate in Scotland in recent weeks, it's as if the referendum result had turned out on a yes vote," Jim Murphy, a Labour lawmaker in the British parliament and a candidate to lead the party in Scotland, said.
"It was a two-horse race. It wasn't even close, there were two million people and more that voted no in the referendum, and yet the horse that lost that two-horse race has spent the last six weeks parading round the winning enclosure."

Two Virgins collide in Californias desertShowmanship and business collide in Virgin’s space venture
John Gapper
As both an entrepreneur and adventurer, Richard Branson must choose which persona dominates
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2efcfa04-6279-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wagah attack in Pak a dastardly act of terrorism : PM NarendraModiPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 11:50 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 8:19 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi tonight strongly condemned a suicide attack in Wagah border in Pakistan, terming it as a “shocking” and “a dastardly act of terrorism”.
He expressed condolences to the families of the deceased and sent prayers for the injured.
“Terror attack in Pakistan near Wagah border is shocking,” Modi tweeted.
“I strongly condemn such a dastardly act of terrorism,” he added.
Terror attack in Pakistan near Wagah Border is shocking. I strongly condemn such a dastardly act of terrorism.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 2, 2014
My condolences to the families of the deceased. Prayers with the injured.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 2, 2014
Approximately 55 people, including 11 women and three security personnel, were killed and nearly 200 injured when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah in Pakistan on Sunday, minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pak land border crossing.

Strategy of lethargyPrint
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 3, 2014 12:06 am
For the past 10 years, Afghanistan’s new Parliament building has been rising across the road from the Dar ul-Aman — the great palace built by the modernising ruler, King Amanullah Khan, in the 1920s, and shelled to ruins by the Islamist warlords who fought for control of Kabul in the 1990s. The building’s magnificent copper dome and Herat marble facades, a gift from the world’s largest democracy to one of its newest ones, were meant to signal the birth of a new Afghanistan. The years-past-deadline building has become, instead, a testament to the greatest weakness of Indian foreign policy: the perception that it is long on promises, and short on delivery.
Last week, a report in this paper revealed that Afghanistan’s new government wishes to revisit its requests for Indian military assistance de novo — putting on ice, at least for now, the first building block of what could have become a genuinely strategic relationship. There are various factors behind the decision, among them, the fact that there are new governments in New Delhi and Kabul, and pressure on President Ashraf Ghani not to antagonise next-door neighbour Pakistan. The unhappy fact, though, is that India failed to deliver the light helicopters it had promised would be in Kabul early in the year, and made little progress on plans to refit Afghanistan’s light transport aircraft. The UPA government, also fearful of irking Pakistan, dithered on meeting Afghanistan’s requests for lethal equipment —  despite having signed a strategic partnership agreement which promised just that. Kabul is thus entitled to wonder if New Delhi is a reliable partner.
Lethargy has long characterised Indian strategy in the neighbourhood: New Delhi has dilly-dallied on oil storage and port investments in Sri Lanka, proved slow in developing trade between Bangladesh and the Northeast states, and is building infrastructure that would give depth to ties with Myanmar at a glacial pace. India, it is true, has won friends with small amounts of development aid, and with low-grade military-to-military training assistance. Its record on things genuinely strategic in their scale, though, can at best be described poor. The lethargy gives reason to fear that India doesn’t have what it takes to play under the spotlight reserved for genuine great powers. For Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s neighbourhood-first initiative to have heft, he will have to rebuild the creaking institutions to which India has entrusted the conduct of its foreign policy.

Often in records  no entries about policemovementsPrint
Written by Aniruddha Ghosal | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 10:28 am
Where were the Delhi police during the 1984 riots? Did they allow the hundreds of killings to take place? Why was the violence more pronounced in some parts of Delhi than in others? These were the questions that Ved Marwah was asked to answer. But three months in, his investigation was stopped.
IPS officer Marwah, then additional commissioner to the CID, was asked to conduct the first inquiry after the riots. He said he worked day and night, gathering documents from individual police stations, the police control room and the commissioner’s control room, and interviewing witnesses.
“One thing had become clear. In the records, in a number of places there was no entry about the movement of police officers. As per police rules, every time an officer is sent to a place, a record is made into the daily diary. I seized these records and it became obvious that the police had a lot to answer for.”
But as his inquiries apparently threatened to put under the scanner the role played by the police, some officers who he said figured in his investigation filed a writ petition in the Delhi High Court against the inquiry. “Officers began hounding me. When the court refused to stop the inquiry, I was asked to do so by the then commissioner of police. It was written order. But I was never offered an explanation,” he said.
He had by then collected evidence that, he says, pointed to the absence of officers in key positions in south and east Delhi. “It seemed that the police had simply absented themselves from the riots in certain areas. No record of movements existed,” he said.
Marwah would become the commissioner of police in 1985. He sensed among many in the police force a distrust of Sikh officers, he said. “There was this general perception that was slowly becoming institutionalised that Sikh officers couldn’t be trusted with key assignments. I attempted to change this and posted a Sikh officer at the Parliament Street police station — which was considered a very important posting.”
Marwah stressed the need for the police to take adequate action during communal violence. “The scars of the ’84 riots can still be seen. It is up to the police in situations like this to contain the violence. At the time, I remember we used to have a directive from the MHA stressing the need for a strong hand to be used whenever there was a sign of communal violence,” he said.
But as Marwah’s inquiry was brought to a close, he felt he had become the victim of constant hounding from a number of people — including officers that he was investigating. “One case after another was filed against me. First there was the writ petition, then there was a case filed at a fast track court in Delhi. Now there’s a civil case of defamation on extremely flimsy grounds.”

Barring wars  never a break in retreatceremonyInternational Indo-Pak, Attari border closed after bomb blast at Wagah (Pakistan) on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Chandigarh | Posted: November 3, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 12:33 pm
By Man Aman Singh Chhina
The retreat ceremony at the Attari-Wagah international border, mid-way between Amritsar and Lahore, shot into prominence in the aftermath of the Kargil conflict, even though it was instituted in the late 1950s and has continued without a break, but for during the 1965 and 1971 wars.
While this may have been the first terror hit on the Pakistani side at the border crossing, the Indian side had seen one such attack in 2009-10. Fifteen home-made rockets had been fired at BSF border posts by “unknown elements” from the Pakistani side then. However, there had been no casualties in that incident.
Sources in the Army and BSF confirmed there had been intelligence inputs of a possible terror strike at the retreat ceremony. Pakistan Rangers had been seen reinforcing their barriers while the BSF was also on alert. A senior BSF official said they had asked for a flag meeting with Pak Rangers to ascertain the ground situation and whether they would want a suspension of the retreat ceremony for the time being.
Widely known as the ‘Wagah retreat ceremony’, the name is actually a misnomer since Wagah is a village on the Pakistani side and Attari is the village on the Indian side where the border is situated.
Till the late 90s, the retreat ceremony attracted visitors only on weekends on the Indian side, numbering a few hundred. An equal number gathered on the other side on Fridays, the holiday in Lahore.
It was after the Kargil conflict in 1999 and the subsequent patriotic rush that tourists started thronging the ceremony. However, the ceremony itself continued during the duration of the Kargil conflict.
Today, roughly 10,000 visitors from India view the ceremony each day while the numbers on the Pakistani side range between 5,000-7,000 on weekdays and 10,000 on weekends.
The highlight of the ceremony is a mutually agreed drill by the Pak Rangers and BSF, before the flags of the two nations are lowered as the sun goes down. Jawans on both sides make aggressive gestures, stamp down feet from impossible angles and glare at each other in faux anger.
Sunday’s attack comes at a time when the BSF was planning to introduce border tourism at Attari. A senior BSF official said these plans may be put on hold for now.

Bodies of hundreds of Sikhs were scattered  some showed signs oflifeJoseph Maliakan in Trilokpuri, 30 years after what was his most heartrending assignment. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Posted: November 3, 2014 12:00 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 7:25 pm
By Joseph Maliakan
The 1984 Sikh massacre in Delhi following the assassination of Indira Gandhi by two Sikh guards  is the saddest and most heartrending event I have covered as a reporter. For three days beginning November 1, 1984, organised armed mobs freely roamed the streets of Delhi, killing Sikhs and looting them of their possessions. The police at best looked on and at worst joined the marauding mobs.
Trilokpuri, a sprawling resettlement colony in east Delhi which is currently making headlines because of the Diwali-eve communal riots, witnessed the mass murder of Sikhs in 1984.
The killings began on the night of November 1 and on November 2 afternoon, I visited Trilokpuri along with my colleagues Rahul Bedi and Alok Tomar. As we reached the colony, an armed mob who stood guard stopped us and ordered us to return because Block 32, where more than 400 Sikhs were killed and set on fire, was out of bounds for outsiders.
ALSO READ: ‘Often in records, no entries about police movements’
We went to the Delhi police commissioner’s office. Then lieutenant-governor P G Ghavai was holding a meeting with senior police officials including commissioner Subhash Tandon. In spite of our accounts of the Trilokpuri massacre, the commissioner maintained absolute peace prevailed in Delhi. On our request, however, commissioner Tandon agreed to visit Trilokpuri. Rahul and I followed in our car. However, instead of turning right for Trilokpuri after crossing the ITO bridge, Tandon turned left and disappeared. Even the commissioner, obviously, was avoiding trouble spots and in no hurry to stop the killings.
We returned to Trilokpuri and managed to enter Block 32 by 5.30 pm. The bodies of hundreds of Sikhs lay scattered around. Some showed signs of life. Rahul and I tied a turban around a bleeding Sikh. A few minutes later, SHO Shoorvir Singh arrived with two policemen. With the help of policemen, we picked up a few more injured from among the dead.
Rahul then left to get help. I stayed on to lend support to the survivors who were thirsty, hungry and frightened. As night fell hundreds of women and children came out of neighbouring Hindu homes where they had taken shelter. Frightened children were running a high fever and some clutched at me, begging me to save them.
Around 8 pm, deputy commissioner of East Delhi Sewa Dass arrived. I urged him to send the injured to hospital in his vehicle. He obliged, and left promising to arrange vehicles for survivors.
I took a few steps into a narrow lane in Block 32 and was horrified to see a huge bonfire of bodies. It dawned on me only later that the police were in Trilokpuri in the afternoon to ensure that the bodies of continued…

Crude oil price fall cheers some  distresses othersCrude oil price fall cheers some  distresses others
FIR against GVK Reddy  his son and 4 othersHi Guest
FIR against GVK Reddy, his son and 4 others
FIRs have been registered against top officials of the aviation ministry, GVK Ltd and police department on a complaint that Mumbai International Airport Ltd (MIAL) received undue benefit to the tune of hundreds of crores of rupees from the government. The basis of the FIRs is a report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) on the Mumbai airport modernisation project. MIAL operates the Mumbai airport. Alok Sinha, the then chairman of Airports Authority of India (AAI), GVK Reddy, chairman ...

AI shortchanges 38 trainee pilots asks them to sign new contractsAI shortchanges 38 trainee pilots asks them to sign new contracts
Editorial: Drone DeliveriesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Secrecy in the name of privacyUpdated: November 1, 2014 07:50 IST
Secrecy in the name of privacy
Arun Kumar
justice and rights
In the pursuit of black money, India has been scoring a self-goal by arguing against taking tough action, citing secrecy and privacy. In contrast, courts in the U.S. went ahead successfully in unearthing black income, ignoring such arguments and despite non-cooperation and threats by Switzerland
The Supreme Court has received a sealed cover from the government with the 627 names of Indians holding black money abroad and it will ask the Registry to pass it on to the Special Investigation Team (SIT) even though the SIT had received this list in June. There was expectation that these names would be made public but that is something not to be till prosecution is launched. While some names have already been revealed or have been leaked, a question that arises is whether there are more names to this list.
Public curiosity about the illegal wealth of Indians, rich and corrupt, in foreign banks, broadly termed as Swiss banks, has been high ever since the Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) campaign during the 2014 general election focussed on the issue of black money and its promise of Rs.15 lakh to every family as a share of the spoils. Public expectation went up further when the Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley recently said that the Congress party would be embarrassed by the disclosures.
The government has not been reconciled to the setting up of the SIT to probe black money held abroad and related matters so it filed an application for clarification of the orders. The Supreme Court, sensing it to be yet another attempt to stall the SIT, ordered that the list of names be handed over to it. The inordinate delay in conducting an investigation of the names received by the government in 2011 has raised suspicions of there being political manipulation which is why the top court has taken a strong stand and rejected the government’s plea that this would violate international obligations under the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA). All this has resulted in further confusion for the public.
Making an estimate
The attention on the issue has created an impression that all black money is being held abroad. According to this writer’s estimates, only 10 per cent of the black income generated annually accrues on foreign shores; 90 per cent is in the country. The annual generation of black income is 50 per cent of GDP or Rs.65 lakh crore. A part of it is consumed and the rest is saved. A part of these savings is sent abroad through hawala transactions, and on mispricing of trade and illegal activities. Thus, a bulk of black savings is in India and not abroad.
The estimate by the Global Financial Integrity (GFI) of the illicit outflow of funds from the country and the interest earned on it is $462 billion for the period 1948 to 2008. The Director of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) scaled it up and gave it a figure of $500 billion (2010). However, these figures are hypothetical because they include interest that would have been earned on illicit funds taken abroad. Further, the GFI figure is a gross underestimate because it does not include the misinvoicing of services, hawala and criminal funds generated in narcotic drug trafficking, human trafficking, etc. This writer estimates it to be around $1.2 trillion for the period 1948 to 2012, if the missing elements are added.
Channels for capital
These are not deposits in Swiss banks. Out of the funds taken abroad, a part returns in the form of “round tripping.” There are several channels for this return of capital, one of which is the Participatory Note (PN) route. Thus, only a part of the money taken out of the country remains there. Out of the money that remains abroad, a part is spent on luxury goods while another portion is invested in real estate and other businesses. Only a fraction of the illicit funds taken out of the country goes into bank accounts. Hence, it is not as if huge sums of money are waiting to be brought back to the country from Swiss banks, as the BJP campaign promised.
There are at least 80 tax havens. Black wealth held in liquid form is parked in the banks of these countries/locations; it is not just in Switzerland even if it is the biggest centre. Thus, estimating how much of liquid black wealth Indians have in banks in tax havens is an almost impossible task. Switzerland has many banks and it is not just in HSBC, Geneva, where most of the 627 Indians in question hold accounts; how much money is deposited in them is not known.
Under pressure from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) to curtail its secrecy laws and cooperate with other countries in catching tax evaders, Switzerland has now made a show of relaxing its secrecy laws. However, its banks have opened subsidiaries in Dubai and Singapore. Multinational (MNC) banks are known to have a large number of subsidiaries in tax havens to facilitate client movement of funds.
Double taxation agreements
Money is also moved via layering. So, identifying who the real beneficiary of an account is is difficult to figure out. For example, the LGT Bank in Liechtenstein list contained the names of little known people.
“The Supreme Court cases on black incomes are a part of court proceedings. So, this information can be legitimately given under the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.”
People are also confused about the provisions under the DTAA. The government has argued that data on foreign bank accounts comes under this treaty which does not allow the revelation of names. Thus, the government has repeatedly argued before the Court that it cannot divulge the names. It has further argued that the privacy of individuals would be violated by the revelation of data. These arguments are only designed to stall the revelation of names of some favoured entities.
DTAA is about declared (white) incomes of entities so that tax may be levied in one or the other country and not in both. Black income is not revealed in either of the two countries so there is no question of double taxation. Further, this data would not be available to either of the two countries to be exchanged. It is no wonder then that till date, no data has been supplied to India by any of the countries with which this treaty has been signed. In brief, DTAA is about white incomes and not black incomes, so it is disingenuous to say that in future no data would be given to us if names are given to courts.
There is a clause in these treaties about the exchange of information regarding incomes. This information can be used for purposes of taxation. However, the Indian government has not yet got any information on this ground to unearth black incomes. Further, this clause has a provision for sharing information with courts. Thus, secrecy is not absolute.
The Supreme Court cases on black incomes are a part of court proceedings. So, this information can be legitimately given under DTAA. Further, if the Court passes on the information to the SIT to investigate black incomes, that would also be legitimate. The government’s argument that this would lead to a drying up of information from other countries does not hold water. Also, if new treaties are signed in the future, they can be examined then; they should not be allowed to hold up information from courts now since the present treaty does not prevent it.
What is under reference is the stolen data of the LGT Bank from Germany and the data of HSBC Bank in Geneva from the French government. Since this data does not pertain to incomes in either Germany or France, the respective DTAA are not applicable in these cases. Therefore, the secrecy clause cannot be invoked. This data was offered by the German and French governments on their own. Initially, the Indian government refused to take this data but under court pressure, it was accepted and investigation initiated.
Global parallel
Some entities who were investigated are reported to have admitted to income tax authorities that they had illegal accounts in these banks but many denied being associated with these accounts in the hope that they would work out a solution to their predicament using political settlement. It is then not surprising that there has not been much headway in investigating these accounts since 2009.
That is the history of investigations in India. Cases are delayed and usually spoiled so that prosecution is rare. Contrast this with the Birkenfeld-UBS case in the United States. Inspite of non-cooperation by the UBS Bank and the threats by the Switzerland government, courts in the U.S. pressed ahead ignoring the argument of secrecy and confidentiality of information. UBS was forced to admit wrongdoing, pay a fine of $780 million and provide a list of 4,500 names of U.S. citizens who had accounts with it. Recently, Credit Suisse was also fined $2.5 billion for such fraud. Thus, investigation and toughness paid off. In contrast, the Indian government has been scoring a self-goal by arguing against taking tough action, citing secrecy and privacy.
Today the focus is on 653 names from the two lists. But lakhs of rich and corrupt people have their wealth stashed abroad and the government has not even taken the preliminary steps to act against them. Finally, one of the banks in question has been revealed to have acted like a hawala operator. Other MNC and private Indian banks also indulge in these activities. Why has the government not initiated action against them and hawala operators? Why is the government not proactive in analysing relevant data from the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) and Julian Assange? No wonder the perception is that the government is stalling on unearthing Indian black money and “Ache Din” is not around the corner.
(Arun Kumar is Sukhamoy Chakravarty Chair Professor, Centre for Economic Studies and Planning, Jawaharlal Nehru University and the author of Indian Economy since Independence: Persisting Colonial Disruption.)

An outrageous penaltyUpdated: November 1, 2014 01:09 IST
An outrageous penalty
execution
The death sentence imposed on five Indian fishermen by a Sri Lankan court for drug trafficking has added an unfortunate dimension to relations between the two countries. The issue has roiled Tamil Nadu, where it is being seen as one more atrocity by Sri Lanka against the State’s fishing community. The Government of India has said the fishermen are innocent and plans to help them appeal the sentence. The five were arrested mid-sea in the Palk Bay region in November 2011 and tried for being in possession of heroin. Three Sri Lankans have also been sentenced to death in the same case. Irrespective of the merits of the case, the sentence seems unduly harsh, especially considering that the men had no previous record of being involved in the narcotics trade. Moreover, there is no instance of Sri Lanka handing down this punishment in any other case of drug trafficking over the last many years. In any case, capital punishment for a drug offence goes against all humane norms. While the two countries have a treaty on transfer of prisoners under which an Indian serving time in a Sri Lankan prison can be repatriated and complete his sentence in an Indian jail — and vice versa — it does not cover those sentenced to death, unless the sentence is commuted. But there are still strong reasons to hope that Sri Lanka will not carry out the sentence. For one, in keeping with its Buddhist traditions, the country has not carried out a judicial execution since 1976. For nearly three decades, though Sri Lankan courts awarded the death penalty in many cases, in every instance the sentence was commuted to life imprisonment. In 2004, the country decided to implement death sentences once again, but to date no execution has taken place. A process of appeals is also available to the fishermen, first in the Court of Appeals, then the Supreme Court, and finally to the President, who has the power of pardon.
While the final outcome may well be positive, the entire episode is a setback in other ways. First, it will complicate efforts to find an early resolution to the issue of how fishermen on both sides can live and pursue their livelihoods without hurting each other’s access to scarce marine resources. Secondly, with political and public passions in Tamil Nadu running high, attitudes against Sri Lanka are certain to harden in the State. In the past, hardline Sinhala ideologues and politicians across the Palk Strait have fed off Tamil Nadu’s anti-Sri Lanka sentiments. With Sri Lanka now in its presidential election season, there is reason to be concerned about the vitiated atmosphere. In the best interests of both countries, the issue must not be turned into fodder for political mileage.

Brazils big problem is Rousseffs pastBrazil’s big problem is Rousseff’s past
By Misha Glenny
Her political style was formed by her life as a revolutionary leftist, writes Misha Glenny
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/439de4fa-6139-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FIRs registered over CAG report on MIAL projectYou are here: Home > Collections > Cag
FIRs registered over CAG report on Mumbai airport project
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 08.39PM IST
Tags:
Airports Authority of India
(FIRs have been registered…)
MUMBAI: FIRs have been registered against top officials of the aviation ministry, GVK Ltd and police department on a complaint that Mumbai International Airport Ltd (MIAL) received undue benefit to the tune of hundreds of crores of rupees from the government.
The basis of the FIRs is a report of the Comptroller and Auditor General ( CAG ) on the Mumbai airport modernisation project. MIAL operates the Mumbai airport.
Alok Sinha , the then chairman of Airports Authority of India (AAI), GVK Reddy, chairman of GVK Ltd, G V Sanjay Reddy , who is the managing director of the MIAL, Deputy Police Commissioner Namdev Chavan, Assistant Police Commissioner Madhukar Sankhye , Senior Inspector Rajendra Nagbhire and Inspector Vijay Sathe have been charged in an FIR filed yesterday at Airport police station here under IPC sections 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 420 (cheating) and 120B (criminal conspiracy), police said.
The second FIR names the four police personnel under IPC sections 166 (public servant disobeying law with intent to cause injury to any person), 217 (public servant disobeying direction of law with intent to save person from punishment or property from forfeiture) for not registering the complaint earlier.
The third FIR has been registered under the Prevention of Corruption Act against these four policemen in the same case.
A court in suburban Andheri had directed the police to register the FIRs and start a probe after the activist Vishwas Bhamburkar approached the court, said Additional Police Commissioner Milind Bharambe this evening.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Should India decriminalise defamationSwamy’s petition triggers fresh debate over criminalising defamation
Satya Prakash , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 02, 2014
First Published: 21:49 IST(2/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:06 IST(3/11/2014)
Comments
Should defamation be done away with as a criminal offence? BJP leader Subramanian Swamy’s petition in the Supreme Court challenging the constitutional validity of Sections 499 and 500 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) has triggered a fresh debate on the contentious provisions, often used against the media and politicians alike.
 
Maintaining that it has been extensively used in India as a tool of harassment, in his petition Swamy contended: “A criminal defamation law, fashioned to be in tune with ancient Anglo-American norms re (concerning) reputation, cannot be used punish a free people in India for having their say in matters of public concern.”
 
This is the second serious challenge to the constitutional validity of criminal defamation law. In 2003, an English daily had mounted an unsuccessful challenge in the top court against the use of criminal defamation on the ground that it violated the press freedom guaranteed under Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution.
 
Defamation is a ground for a reasonable restriction to this freedom under Article 19(2) of the Constitution. But it seems it’s being misused.
 
In the run up to the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, cutting across ideological divide politicians filed criminal defamation cases against each other for comments that should have been left for the people to judge, instead of troubling the courts. (See graphics)
 
Sections 499 and 500 IPC have often been used against media as well to muzzle freedom of speech and expression.
 
The AIADMK government in Tamil Nadu has filed dozens of criminal defamation cases against media houses in various session courts across the state, particularly in Chennai for pointing out lapses on the part of the administration. During her previous term (2002-06), the Jayalalithaa government had filed over 100 criminal defamation cases against the media. The DMK too had filed over 40 defamation cases against the media during 2006-11.
 
No wonder as the Editors’ Guild of India has demanded decriminalisation of defamation as applicable to journalists.
 
According to the Law Commission of India which had invited views and suggestions on the issue, “Respondents overwhelmingly expressed dissatisfaction with the present state of defamation law. All but 3 respondents saw the need for modifications to the law of defamation.”
 
Criminal defamation laws violate international norms on the freedom of speech. According to UN Human Rights Committee (which administers the ICCPR), defamation laws must be crafted with care to ensure that they do not serve, in practice, to stifle the freedom of expression.
 
Many of those who responded to the Law Commission pointed out that criminalising criticism in this disproportionate fashion will have a chilling effect on freedom of speech. Also, the criminal defamation law can easily be abused by filing ‘Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation’ (SLAPP suits).
 
Many countries, including the UK and Sri Lanka, have decriminalised defamation.
 
So, should India decriminalise defamation?
 
“Certainly yes”, says noted jurist Rajiv Dhavan.  “This provision was put in the IPC by Lord Macaulay in 1835 and then enacted in 1860 at the instance of Sir Barnes Peacock (First Chief Justice of Calcutta High Court) and Justice James Fitzjames Stephen (a British Judge).
“It is a 19th century statute to oppress the press and free speech. Although Article 19(2) says that restrictions can be made in the interest of defamation, such restriction has to be reasonable,” Dhavan told HT.
“To criminalise free speech to harass private persons using freedom of speech and expression is abominable. They have the option of civil defamation, which after the Auto Shankar case, is possible even against public figures. “What makes it more unreasonable is that it is used to harass. Apart from the punishment prescribed, the process itself is a punishment,” the senior advocate said.

Aptel delivers Adani a technical knockoutAptel delivers Adani a technical knockout
Nearly 13 000 drug dealers nabbed in China in OctoberNearly 13 000 drug dealers nabbed in China in October
Letters to the editor: Show us themoneyPrint
Posted: November 3, 2014 12:13 am
Over the last few years, the government has been under attack for not doing anything to bring back the black money stored in Swiss banks (‘Black humour’, IE, October 31). This demand culminated in Narendra Modi’s virulent attack on the Congress during the Lok Sabha campaign, and his poll promise to bring back the black money within 100 days of coming to power. Like other promises, this too vanished into thin air. Under pressure from the Supreme Court, the government has submitted a list of all of eight people with accounts in Swiss banks. The government has now laid itself open for blame, as its position is indefensible. Black money will not be an issue in the J&K and Jharkhand elections, but it will be in the Delhi elections, if they happen. No wonder the BJP appears lukewarm about re-elections in Delhi.
— S.R. Purandare
Pune
Make it legal
The chairperson of the National Commission for Women, Lalitha Kumaramangalam, has suggested that sex work be legalised so that the government welfare agencies and medical services can reach sex workers easily. Currently, they work under the radar, which is one of the main reasons that government agencies have failed to monitor and prevent the spread of sexually transmitted diseases such as AIDS. Sex workers are among the most exploited groups in our society and are not reached by welfare schemes. Many countries have legalised sex work with beneficial results.
— C. Koshy John
Pune
Ghosts of 1984
I am  pained to read that the Central government is only now planning to pay compensation to the families of the victims of the 1984 carnage (‘Govt to pay Rs 5 lakh relief to each killed in ‘84 riots’, IE, October 31). It is a tragedy that even after 30 years, the victims have not been given justice or compensation. There are no words to express the plight of survivors who were left high and dry by the very state that was constitutionally bound to take care of them. Successive governments have shown sympathy but done little else. The Modi government also seems hamstrung. It is a travesty of justice and a complete abdication of responsibility by the executive.
— Ashok Goswami
Mumbai
Austerity now
This refers to the Union government’s welcome move to cut expenditure by banning first class air travel by bureaucrats and other curbs. Similar moves were initiated by earlier governments from time to time, but only as part of sudden austerity drives. No one knows what became of such austerity drives after a point. But austerity cannot be restricted to bureaucrats. Similar curbs on first class air travel, foreign travel and study-trips should also be imposed on those in the legislature, including ministers.
— Madhu Agrawal

54 killed in suicide blast at Wagah border in Pak | Pakistani Taliban claim responsibilityDeath toll in Pakistan suicide attack at Wagah Border rises to 61
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 12.23PM IST
Tags:
Lahore
(Nearly 50 people, including…)
LAHORE: The death toll in the horrific suicide attack that shook Pakistan minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah climbed to 61 today, even as security agencies arrested about 20 suspects from the Indo-Pak border area.
Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among the 61 people who have died in the attack that took place yesterday when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah.
Over 100 people were injured in the incident and are being treated in different Lahore's hospitals where emergency has been declared.
The blast took place when a large number of people were returning after attending the flag lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pak land border crossing, which is heavily guarded by the Punjab Rangers.
A young suicide-bomber blew himself up near the main exit gate of Parade Avenue at 6.03 pm (local time), causing colossal devastation.
"The death toll of the devastating suicide attack at Wagah border has risen to 61. The condition of some injured is still critical and the doctors are battling to save their lives," Punjab Emergency Services Rescue spokesman Jam Sajjad told PTI.
About 43 bodies have been handed over to the families while the remaining are yet to be recognised, Sajjad said.
"We have sought the help of the National Registration Database Authority (Nadra) for recognition of 18 bodies," he said.
The law enforcement agencies have launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah and taken about 20 suspects into custody, Lahore police spokesman Niyab Haider Naqvi said.
"A joint investigation team of police, rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and rangers along with police will provide security to Ashura processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday's attack," he said.
Punjab Interior Minister Col (Retd) Shujah Khanzada said the target of the suicide bomber was the venue of the flag hoisting ceremony.
"The suicide-bomber wanted to reach the Parade Avenue to cause maximum devastation but he blew himself up near the entrance of the main gate after failing to reach the Parade Avenue," he said.
At least three militant factions have claimed the grizzly bombing. Al-Qaeda affiliated militant group Jandullah, a splinter group of the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), was first to claim responsibility of the attack.
Shortly afterwards Jamaatul Ahrar said its bomber Hafiz Hanifullah carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
According to a preliminary investigation report submitted to the Inspector General Police Punjab, Mushtaq Ahmed Sukhera, the suicide-bomber, believed to be in his early 20s, had been staying in the Wagah border area since many days.
"It is also suspected that the handlers of the suicide-bomber were also present near the blast site to ensure the execution of their plan," the report says.
At least 15 to 20 kilogrammes of explosives were used in the blast with some of the explosives in the attacker's suicide jacket and the remaining being carried by him.
The blown-up parts of the bomber have been collected and sent for DNA and forensic tests.
Meanwhile, Jammat-ud-Dawah's subsidiary Falah-e-Insaniat shifted nine dead bodies to its headquarters at Chauburji and one of its leaders led the funeral prayers for the deceased before handing over the bodies to the families.
"We have allowed the Falah-e-Insaniat to take the bodies of nine victims to Jamia Masjid Al-Qadsia Chauburji on the request of their families as they wanted to offer their funeral prayers there," Lahore's Mayo Hospital official Maqbool Ahmed said.
Punjab Law Minister Mujtaba Shujaur Rehman has termed the suicide blast a "security lapse".
"Carrying out a suicide blast at the Rangers headquarters is definitely a security lapse and very much alarming," he said, adding that the investigation agencies would have to look into how the suicide bomber managed to cross the security tiers and reached near the main entrance of the Parade Avenue.
A warning had been issued to the security agencies five days ago that "suicide bombers might target their buildings," an official of the home department told PTI.
"It seems all the focus of security has been shifted to protect Muharram processions and Wagah border became a soft target of the terrorists," he said.
An intelligence report had mentioned anti-Shia banned outfits -- Tahrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) and Lashkar-e- Jhangvi - might target Shia processions, important personalities and buildings of security agencies.
There would be no flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah for the general public for three days, a Punjab Rangers spokesman said.
"The decision has been taken to mourn the killings of the Sundays attack," he said, adding that India's BSF also told the rangers that it would also not invite the public for the ceremony for three days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Congresss Sandeep Dikshit first to speak out against Vadra: Such displayunfortunatePrint
Robert Vadra
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 12:47 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 11:05 am
The Congress Sunday went out of the way to defend Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law Robert Vadra, who is at the centre of a political storm over his unseemly behaviour with the media, but in private many party leaders agreed his conduct was inappropriate. At least one leader, Sandeep Dikshit, openly said “basic civility” should have been maintained and Vadra’s behaviour was unfortunate.
The Congress officially issued a statement backing Vadra, seeking to counter the BJP by saying that Prime Minister Narendra Modi, when he was the chief minister of Gujarat, had “removed the mike and walked out of a pre-fixed interview” with a leading journalist when questioned about the Gujarat riots.
Expressing his disapproval of Vadra’s behaviour, Dikshit, a Congress spokesperson and former Lok Sabha MP, said: “I haven’t seen it and I am not responding as a Congress spokesperson because it is a matter between an individual and a cameraperson. All I would say is, for any person, there is a public etiquette and decorum we all maintain, and you can have overbearing media people at times, I can appreciate that, but I think for anybody we must maintain basic civility… And I think if we have some grouse we should just let it go, this kind of public display is unfortunate. I don’t know what the circumstances were and I have not seen the tape, but all of us, specially people who are known in public, must maintain a level of decorum.”
Asked whether Vadra should apologise, Dikshit said it was for Vadra to decide, but it was always good to assuage if somebody’s feelings were hurt. “Who am I advise him? It is up to an individual. I believe if any one of us crossed a particular decorum in terms of public behaviour, it is always good to assuage if you hurt anybody’s feelings,” he said.
Among those who backed Vadra was Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh, who called the row a “minor incident”.
“Why is media making such an issue related to a small incident? I am told the agreement was (that) questions will be asked only about the gym facilities in Ashoka (Hotel), and that’s it. I do not understand the kind of media attention which Robert Vadra is getting on a non-event. Are you all very short of news these days?” he said.
In the party’s official statement, Congress spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said, “The Indian Constitution and our established ethos guarantee right to privacy, personal space and liberty to all individuals, more so when a person is neither in public life nor holds any public office. Unpleasantness of repeatedly asking questions at private functions, like what happened with Shri Robert Vadra yesterday, must be avoided at all times.”
Surjewala added: “The repetitive hounding of an individual on an issue that has been conclusively rejected both by a constitutional body like the Election Commission of India as also high courts and finally the Supreme Court of India is not continued…

In the greater scheme ofthingsAn energetic government can profitably use and improve the MGNREGA.
Written by Rohini Somanathan | Posted: November 3, 2014 12:46 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 8:53 am
Recent announcements on possible changes to the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) and restrictions on its coverage are baffling and worrisome. The passing of the MGNREGA and the Right to Information Act heralded a new vision of citizenship and state responsibility. The former created a safety net for the rural poor. The latter gave taxpayers and voters an opportunity to bridge the gap between state promise and process.
An energetic government can profitably use and improve the MGNREGA. The proposal to restrict access based on whether a household lives in a “backward” block is retrograde. A vulnerable family would then only get benefits if it lives among the poor. This undermines one of the main objectives of the act, namely to provide relief in the face of unexpected disasters. When coastal Andhra Pradesh and Odisha are hit by cyclones, or ethnic or religious conflict erupts in Assam, Bengal or Gujarat, do we really want to ask whether families are living in an MGNREGA block?
Some might argue that the MGNREGA has not achieved its objectives. The report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) last year revealed unspent allocations, unfinished projects and financial irregularities in materials-contracts. It would be hard to find a government programme without these. In contrast, there are reported results from survey of a sample of almost 40,000 listed beneficiaries: three-quarters knew the minimum wage and their entitlement to 100 days of work, two-thirds received wages within 15 days of completing work, 70 per cent reported useful assets in the village as a result of the scheme and the average wait between a job request and employment was only nine days. Although minimum wages have been in force since Independence, rural households in my own surveys prior to the scheme rarely knew of them, since they were never paid.
One of the main advantages of the MGNREGA is that it is self-targeted. As long as transfers are not made to fictitious workers, those with better work options will simply not enrol. Households will opt for unskilled labour at minimum wage only when they cannot do better. This is evident in the CAG sample of beneficiaries: average annual household income is Rs 20,000, 43 per cent are illiterate and a majority live in impermanent structures. Access restrictions are unnecessary in well-designed and self-targeted programmes.
When public education expands and economic growth leads to increases in the demand for skilled labour, spending will decline without executive intervention. This, again, is in contrast to many other government programmes for which the National Sample Survey Organisation data show little correlation between household expenditure and the probability of being classified as “poor”.
The design of the act is innovative because it uses temporary transfers to needy households to bring about long-term improvements in their wellbeing through the better management of village resources continued…

Over the barrel: On oil  lets play the what-ifgameThe international price of crude oil has dropped by approximately 25 per cent from its peak of $115 per barrel in June this year to around $85 per barrel today.
Written by Vikram S Mehta | Posted: November 3, 2014 12:26 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 8:45 am
Now is the time for the government to ask the question, “What should we do if the international price of crude oil were to reverse its current downward trend and start to rise again?” Should it re-regulate the price of diesel and petrol, as did the UPA government in 2004 after having gazetted deregulation in 2002, or should it find some alternative mechanism to shield consumers from the burden of high prices? These are relevant questions because the petroleum market is inherently volatile, and because we know that the decision of the UPA government created distortions that future governments must avoid. An alternative mechanism to safeguard
the interests of consumers should be contemplated now, when the market is soft.
The international price of crude oil has dropped by approximately 25 per cent from its peak of $115 per barrel in June this year to around $85 per barrel today.
This is because of the fundamentals of sagging demand and surging supplies. Demand in North America and Europe has been stagnant and it has slowed in China and the Middle East. Supplies, on the other hand, have received a fillip from the shale revolution in the US; the resilience of Libya, Iraq and Iran which, despite internal turmoil, have sustained and even increased indigenous output; the rise of production outside Opec and the dumping of “paper barrels” by Wall Street speculators who had gone long in expectation of increasing prices. Prima facie and based on these fundamentals, the price of oil can be expected to stay on this downward path for some time. But as anyone who follows the petroleum market knows, market fundamentals have all too often been overwhelmed by geopolitics and speculative sentiment. The Middle East is the repository of the largest accumulation of low-cost hydrocarbons but it sits on a powder keg of ethnic, religious and political conflict. All oil import dependent countries, and India in particular, must consider and prepare for the contingency that this keg may explode and prices may return to triple digits.
In April 2002, the government deregulated the petroleum market and the public sector marketing companies (PSUs) were given the freedom to set the prices of diesel and petrol. At that time, the price of crude oil was around $20 per barrel. Thereafter, the market conditions tightened, and by 2004, when the UPA coalition was elected to power, the price had moved up to around $35/ bbl and was trending upwards. In July 2004, the new minister of petroleum choked off the PSUs’ pricing autonomy. Administrative pricing was reimposed and the PSUs were directed to continued…

It is an article of faith for me  will bring back every penny of black money  says PM NarendraModiPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 12:25 am
Calling the issue of black money an “article of faith” for him, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Sunday said that as per his understanding and the information available to him, the government was on the “right track” in the matter.
“As far as black money is concerned… please believe this pradhan sevak of yours… it is an article of faith for me. It is my commitment that every penny belonging to the poor of India should come back,” Modi said in his second ‘Mann Ki Baat’ address on All India Radio.
Admitting that there may be a “difference of opinion” on the ways and means to deal with this issue, the PM said this was natural in a democracy but the government was progressing in the right direction.
“Nobody knows, not me, not the government, not you, not the previous government, as to how much money is abroad. Everybody gives his own figure depending on own calculations. Main un aankdon mein ulajhna nahin chahta hoon. Meri pratibadhhta yeh hai — do rupaya hai, paanch rupaya hai, crore hai, arab hai ki kharab hai… jo bhi hai, yeh desh ke garibon ka paisa hai, wapas aana chahiye (I don’t want to get caught in the figures. My commitment is that — whether it is Rs 2, 5, a crore or a billion — whatever it is, it is the money of the country’s poor, and must be brought back),” Modi said.
He assured the people that he would leave no stone unturned in the matter. “I will keep on doing whatever I need to do for you, I assure you of that.”
Inviting suggestions on how to tackle drug abuse among youths, the PM said he would talk about this in his next radio address. “I know that I am touching upon subjects that bring the government under a scanner. But for how long will we keep hiding things? For how long will we keep pushing things behind the curtain? We’ll have to take risks at some point for the sake of good endeavours. I am daring to do so… because of your love,” Modi said.
Stating that no one could have imagined that the Swachhta Abhiyaan would become such a “mass movement”, he said that good results were already visible. He also expressed satisfaction that people from all walks of life who come to meet him — from government officers and sportspersons to cine-stars, businessmen and scientists — talk about taking responsibility for social issues ranging from cleanliness to education to social service to how family life was getting destroyed.
The PM said that he was noticing a big change even among businessmen, who could be expected to talk about their self-interest. Now they were talking more about taking responsibilities to improve society, he said.
Modi showered praise on officers of the Ministry of Human Resource Development for coming up with two “innovative” schemes for specially abled children — a thousand scholarships for them to enable them to pursue technical education, and a grant of Rs 1 lakh each continued…

PM strongly condemns suicide bombing at WagahPM strongly condemns suicide bombing at Wagah
Ukraine s Poroshenko calls on Russia to denounce rebel voteUkraine s Poroshenko calls on Russia to denounce rebel vote
Jesse Richman and David EarnestIt’s the best option for getting something done, even if that’s unlikely.
Dec 2, 2014
In which an entertainer provides cogent political analysis.
Dec 1, 2014
A vast and diverse group, by the numbers.
Nov 21, 2014
Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.) might have something to say about that.
Nov 20, 2014
Nevada could soon become the next North Carolina.
Nov 20, 2014
Load More
About
Nia-Malika Henderson writes for The Fix covering the intersection of politics with culture, demography and emerging sources of power. Nia joined The Post in 2010 and has written for She The People, covered the 2012 presidential election and hosted Post TV's "On Background" interview show. Before joining The Post, Nia wrote about education, race and the White House for Politico. In 2008, she covered the presidential election and local government on Long Island for Newsday. She also worked at The Baltimore Sun where she covered city government in Annapolis. A regular guest on Fox, MSNBC, and CNN, Nia has an undergraduate degree in cultural anthropology from Duke University, and graduate degrees from Yale University in American studies and Columbia University in journalism.
Most Read

Catch the  Action Jackson  stars grooveChoreographer-director Prabhudheva's 'Action Jackson' starring Ajay Devgn and Sonakshi Sinha releases this Friday.
Sonakshi Sinha at the special screening.
1 / 30

Editorial: The building-block phoneE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Baghdad area bombings kill at least 24: OfficialsSecurity forces and civilians inspect the site of a double car bomb attack that hit a restaurant in the Shiite-majority district of Talibiya in eastern Baghdad. (FILE PHOTO FOR REPRESENTATION)
By: Agence-France Presse | Baghdad | Posted: November 1, 2014 11:28 pm
Bombings in the Baghdad area killed at least 24 people on Saturday, just days ahead of major Shiite religious commemorations that face significant danger from militants, security and medical officials said.
In the deadliest attack, a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-rigged truck at the checkpoint leading to southern Baghdad, killing at least 20 people and wounding at least 53. Security officials said the suicide bombing was the only attack in the area, while a medical official said a car bomb also hit shops in nearby Yusifiyah also contributed to the toll.
And an explosives-rigged vehicle detonated on Baghdad’s Palestine Street near a tent serving refreshments to Shiite pilgrims, hundreds of thousands of whom will travel to Karbala, south of Baghdad, for the Ashura commemorations, which peak on Tuesday.
Pilgrims taking part in Ashura commemorations, which marks the death of Imam Hussein, one of the most revered figures in Shiite Islam, have been targeted in attacks that have killed dozens in past years.
But with the Islamic State (IS) jihadist group – which considers Shiites heretics and frequently attacks them – in control of large areas of Iraq, the danger is even greater this year.
There are tents serving water and tea to pilgrims across the capital, and the main route to Karbala, the shrine city where Imam Hussein is buried, passes through the checkpoint that was bombed today.

Going for the jugularE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

37 killed in suicide blast near Wagah border in PakistanUpdated: November 3, 2014 11:13 IST
55 killed in suicide attack at Wagah in Pakistan
PTI
Tweet
A woman comforts a man mourning for their relative killed in a suicide bomb attack near the Wagah border on Sunday. Nearly 200 people were injured in the blast. Photo:AP
AP In this file photo, Indian and Pakistani flags are lowered at a ceremony at the Wagah border post. Many were killed and scores injured in an explosion at the parking area of the border post, as the flag lowering-ceremony ended.
TOPICS
act of terror
Bomber targets visitors after flag-lowering ceremony
At least 55 people, including children and security personnel, were killed and nearly 200 injured in a powerful suicide blast at Wagah in Pakistan on Sunday evening, minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pakistan land border crossing.
“A large number of people were returning after watching the Rangers flag ceremony at Wagah border when a suicide bomber blew himself up near one of the exit gates,” Inspector-General of Police, Punjab, Pakistan, Mushtaq Sukhera said. Three Pakistan Rangers personnel were dead.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif condemned the blast. The al-Qaeda-affiliated Jundullah group has claimed responsibility for the attack, according to the Express News newspaper. Ahead of Muharram, the police had made strict security measures at the border crossing where crowds gather every evening to watch the pageantry that marks the closure of the border post. “We had reports that some banned outfits might target Shias, religious personalities, public processions and important buildings,” Mr. Sukhera said. The suicide bomber was stopped at the gate but detonated the bomb.
Ceremony suspended
There will be no flag-lowering ceremony for three days from Monday at the request of Pakistan, BSF chief D.K. Pathak said.
Modi condemns attack
Expressing condolences to the families of the deceased, Prime Minister Narendra Modi condemned the attack in a tweet.
Terror attack in Pakistan near Wagah Border is shocking. I strongly condemn such a dastardly act of terrorism.

Blast at Wagah checkpoint in Pakistan kills 52Blast at Wagah checkpoint in Pakistan kills 52
Retail investors flock to mutual funds againPrint
Posted: November 3, 2014 1:18 am
Mutual funds registered a 4.6 per cent increase in retail folios in the past six months ended September 2014, marking the highest rise since March 2009, according to rating agency Crisil.
* In absolute terms this translated to an increase of 16.6 lakh retail folios. The rise in retail folios was led by addition in equity fund folios.
*  The industry had 3.80 crore retail folios as on September 30, 2014, which is almost 96 per cent of the total folio base (including institutional and high net worth individual or HNI folios) of 3.95 cr folios.
* At the aggregate level, mutual fund folios fell marginally due to a decline in high networth investor (HNI) folios.
*  Of the Rs 1.72 lakh crore of retail investment in equity-oriented mutual funds, Rs 1.10 lakh crore continued for over 24 months.
MONEY FLOWS TO EQUITY: The equity category, which reported a consistent decline in retail folios since the second half of FY11 till September 2014, posted a record addition of 16.89 lakh folios to 2.90 cr folios. Strong rally in the equity market and the consequent rise in investors’ interest led to the sharp increase in retail folios. The CNX Nifty gained 19 per cent in the six months ended September 2014.
HNIs PULL OUT: The HNI (individuals investing Rs 5 lakh or more) segment saw folio closure in all mutual fund categories. The segment saw closure of over 16 lakh accounts in September 2014, a record fall as per data available since March 2009. The equity fund category saw the biggest fall with closure of 11.34 lakh folios.

Britains Islamic finance market widensUpdated: November 3, 2014 01:19 IST
Britain’s Islamic finance market widens
Reuters
United Kingdom
The scope of Britain’s Islamic finance market is widening with several initiatives from the government and private sector, although the country is about to lose one of its six full-fledged Islamic banks.
In June, Britain became the first western country to sell sovereign sukuk (Islamic bonds), helping boost its industry credentials as competition intensifies among global financial centres for a slice of Islamic business.
Britain has 22 firms that offer sharia-compliant financial products and they held an estimated $19 billion in assets last year, according to a report by lobby group TheCityUK. These include six full-fledged Islamic banks such as Bank of London and the Middle East, European Islamic Investment Bank , Gatehouse Bank and the Islamic Bank of Britain (IBB).
Last week a government official said the central bank would look into developing a liquidity management tool for use by Islamic banks, while Britain’s export credit agency expects to guarantee sukuk for the first time next year, an issue by a customer of European plane maker Airbus.
In May, the Bank of England widened the types of sharia-compliant debt that Islamic banks can use in their liquidity buffers, under a policy statement known as PS4/14.
Islamic banking accounts for only a tiny fraction — less than one per cent — of the British banking sector, far below the share of roughly a quarter seen in the Gulf.
But taken together, the new official initiatives seem likely to create a more benign environment for Islamic finance, allowing banks to operate more flexibly and efficiently, and therefore more cheaply. Depending on how quickly it moves ahead, the plan for the liquidity management tool could conceivably put Britain ahead of some Gulf countries in providing options in this area.
“PS4/14 is a strong enabler ... this is very powerful for us,” Sultan Choudhury, chief executive of Birmingham-based IBB, said on the sidelines of an industry conference in Dubai.
The new rules allow Islamic banks to hold a variety of instruments, ranging from sukuk issued by the Qatari government to those issued by Saudi Arabian firms, Mr. Choudhury said.
The IBB, a unit of Qatar’s Masraf Al Rayan, is now moving into the wholesale business and plans to change its name to Al Rayan Bank in December, subject to regulatory approval, as it looks to appeal to a wider customer base.
Alternatives
Despite this, London-based European Islamic Investment Bank is now in discussions with regulators to relinquish its banking licence, the lender said in a regulatory filing.
Under a 2012-2016 strategy, EIIB is exiting legacy private equity investments, seeking more stable income from its asset management and advisory services.
Dropping its deposit-taking licence would remove cumbersome capital and reporting requirements. In July, EIIB failed to secure regulatory approval to appoint a chief financial officer.
Other banks are also adjusting their strategies. London-based Gatehouse Bank aims to generate more deals outside the domestic property market, its recently appointed chief executive said in August.
Bank of London and The Middle East, Britain’s largest Islamic bank, is developing private banking services with Malaysia’s Bank Muamalat.
Non-banks are also spotting opportunities, such as asset management firm London Central Portfolio (LCP), which has launched two sharia-compliant property funds since December.
Last week, London’s Battersea Power Station project announced it had secured a £467 million ($754 million) Islamic syndicated loan, one of the largest Islamic transactions ever conducted in the country.

Virgin Galactic CEO sees new spacecraft ready next yearVirgin Galactic CEO sees new spacecraft ready next year
Air India may face a major pilot shortage by 2015Air India may face a major pilot shortage by 2015
Tushar Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 30, 2014
First Published: 23:58 IST(30/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:00 IST(31/10/2014)
Comments
National carrier Air India (AI) may face a major shortage of pilots next year.
According to an internal analysis done by the airline, AI would need about 260 pilots by October 2015.
The airline would need about 185 co-pilots for its Airbus A320 fleet and about 75 pilots for its Boeing 787 Dreamliner fleet by 2015 winter schedule, the analysis said.
“There will be a need to hire co-pilots very soon,” a senior AI official said.
The state-owned airline has already transferred about 50 Boeing 777 (B777) pilots to its low-cost international arm — Air India Express.
Air India Express has a fleet of Boeing 737 (B737) aircraft and conversion of pilots from B777 to B737 can be done easily.
“Moving B777 pilots to B737 is a good move. B777 co-pilots, who should have become captains long back, will get command on B737 aircraft,” said Rajji Rai, an aviation industry veteran.
However, when contacted, an AI spokesperson said the airline had enough pilots and there was no question of any shortage in the near future.
“We have about 1,600 pilots and there is no shortage in either narrow or wide-body fleets. As far as the Boeing 787 is concerned, we have a training programme so that adequate pilots are available as new planes join the fleet,” he said.

NTPC set to become a coal behemoth in 5 yearsNTPC set to become a coal behemoth in 5 years
Anupama Airy , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 31, 2014
First Published: 00:01 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 00:17 IST(31/10/2014)
Comments
In line with the government’s plans to boost domestic output of coal, India’s largest thermal power producer, NTPC Ltd, could soon become one of the major coal-producers of the country as well.
NTPC plans to produce up to 300 million tonnes of coal within the next four to five years, chairman and managing director Arup Roy Choudhury told Hindustan Times.
“As we expect more coal blocks coming to us, the company is confident of achieving a coal production of 300 million tonnes in the next five years. NTPC wants to be self-reliant in its coal requirements,” he said.
At present, the company meets 90% of its annual coal requirements of 160 million tonnes — or 144 million tonnes — from Coal India Ltd. With a total power generation capacity of over 43,000 MW, NTPC has in its fold ten coal blocks with reserves of around 5 billion tonnes and production potential of 100 million tonnes of coal.
These blocks and those to be allotted would cater to substantial requirement of the company’s generation capacity. “NTPC is making all efforts to extract these reserves as soon as possible to augment generation,” Choudhury said.
According to coal ministry sources, NTPC will be one of the biggest beneficiaries of coal block allocation to government companies, following the recent Supreme Court order on deallocation of coal linkages. “The government will soon sign agreements for 14 coal blocks for supporting capacity worth 30,000 MW,” sources said.
“Another three coal blocks with reserves of 220 million tonnes will be allotted to an eligible company (which could be NTPC) for mining.”

Jubilant FoodWorks Q2 sales up 14.76%Jubilant FoodWorks Q2 sales up 14.76%
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 31, 2014
First Published: 00:04 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 16:02 IST(31/10/2014)
Comments
Jubilant FoodWorks Ltd, which operates Domino’s Pizza and Dunkin’ Donuts food chains, reported a 14.76% year-on-year rise in sales to Rs. 501.08 crore during July-September against Rs. 436.6 crore last year.
Net profit, however, fell 12.76% to Rs. 29 crore during the quarter as expenses rose 18.5% to Rs. 440.12 crore. “Our immediate goals have always been designed in unison with our long-term strategies. By this virtue, we sustained our momentum to develop and equip our brands with the requisite ammunition;  we directed our capital spending towards leveraging existing assets and growing our infrastructure,” said Ajay Kaul, chief financial officer, Jubilant FoodWorks.

ITC Q2 profit up 8.72% to 2 425.16 crLeading conglomerate ITC ltd on Friday posted a 8.72% rise in its standalone net profit to Rs. 2,425.16 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The company had registered a net profit of Rs. 2,230.53 crore in the July-September period of 2013-14.
Standalone total income of the company during the quarter under review also increased 14.76% to Rs. 9,023.74 crore, compared to Rs. 7,862.53 crore in the same period of previous fiscal, ITC Ltd said in a filing to BSE.
Shares of the company were trading at Rs. 355.25 per scrip on the BSE during the afternoon trade, up 0.11% from its previous close.

Gold tanks to multi-month low on global crash; silver sinksComments
Gold suffered its biggest fall in over 15 months and closed below the key Rs. 26,000 per 10 grams mark at the domestic bullion market on Friday on the back of massive selling from speculative traders and stockists.
Silver, too, plunged sharply to hit a four-year low due to panic unwinding by investors coupled with sluggish industrial demand.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) plummeted by Rs. 620 to end at Rs. 25,960 per 10 grams against Thursday's closing level of Rs. 26,580.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also tanked by a similar margin to settle at Rs. 26,105 per 10 grams from Rs. 26,725.
Silver (.999 fineness) nosedived by a whopping Rs. 1,300 to end at Rs. 37,035 per kg from Rs. 38,335 on Thursday.
Domestic sentiment turned bearish and highly volatile after the shiny metal tanked to the lowest levels since 2010 in worldwide trade following strong US economic data amid heightened speculation over an early rate hike a day after the Federal Reserve ended its historic monthly bond-buying plan.
On the global front, spot gold was trading sharply lower at $1165.80 an ounce in early European trade, while silver dropped to $15.88 an ounce.

Test flight of Richard Branson s Virgin Galactic spaceship ends in fatal crash in CaliforniaTest flight of Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic spaceship ends in fatal crash in California
Reuters | Mojave (California) | Published:  Nov 01 2014, 08:12  IST
Nov 01 2014, 08:12  IST
 

Crashes question commercial space flightsTwo crashes pose questions for private companies in space
Robert Wright in New York
Success in space travel needs investment most entrepreneurs are likely unwilling to make
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3032b382-6152-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Space tourism a high risk strategySpace tourism is a high risk publicity strategy
Jonathan Ford
Many of Sir Richard’s problems centre on the technology
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47eaf188-6279-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deal surge boosts Hong Kongs rankingDeal surge to boost Hong Kong’s global ranking
Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3d3ebd44-60e6-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Every penny of black money will be brought back: PMThe government was committed to bringing back "every penny" of black money stashed abroad and it will not be held back in its efforts, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday.
 
"I want to tell the people that please have faith in this pradhan sevak (chief servant) of yours...that this is an article of faith that every paisa that has gone will come back," said Modi in his second nationwide radio speech called 'Mann ki Baat'.
 
"I assure you I will not be held back in bringing back whatever the amount." Modi said there could be a difference in the path and procedure to bring back the black money, "but what I understand and what I know is that we are on the right path", Modi said in his 18-minute address.
 
He said that no one knows the exact figure of the amount stashed abroad, "and nor did the previous government...and everyone gives different figures".
 
He said he does not want to get into figures. "This is the wealth of the poor and should be brought back and I want to assure you that there will be no let-up in my efforts. I just want your blessings."
 
Black money is income that is not disclosed to the government and, therefore, not assessed for tax, and although there is no official fix on how much of it is there, unofficial estimates say it could be as much as $500 billion or Rs. 31 lakh crore (nearly 30% of India's $1.8-trillion GDP).
 
Washington-based think-tank Global Financial Integrity has estimated that India suffered $344 billion in illicit fund outflows between 2002 and 2011.
 
The Modi government last week gave the Supreme Court a secret list of 627 people suspected of stashing black money in foreign banks beyond the reach of tax authorities.
 
After coming to power, Modi set up a team of regulators and former judges to identify illicit fund-holders and repatriate money. But it has encountered difficulty obtaining details of account-holders from foreign nations due to financial confidentiality issues.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MPs at his residence in Delhi. (PTI File Photo)
The Prime Minister thanked the public for their support for his cleanliness mission. “Nobody could have imaged that Swachhta (cleanliness) will turn into such a revolution. The mission has influenced children the most.”
The Prime Minister said he was happy that his radio address had gone down well with the public. In his last address, he had asked people to buy at least one khadi (homespun cotton) garment. “I had not asked people to go khadi all the way…just asked them to buy one khadi outfit. You’ll be happy to know that since then, khadi outlets have report 125% jump in sales.”
Modi also devoted Sunday’s radio address to some social issues, expressing concern over the menace of drug abuse among the youth and promised to speak on it in his next chat.

Unauthorised disclosure of names of black money holders can sabotage investigation: JaitleyUnauthorised disclosure of names of black money holders can sabotage investigation: Jaitley
Naming account holders was under court direction  India tells GermanyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

55 killed in suicide bomb attack at Wagah checkpoint near Lahore in Pakistanprint
The flag ceremony at Wagah is attended by hundreds on both sides of the border and is particularly crowded on Sunday. (File Photo)
As many as 55 people, including women and children, were killed and about 200 were injured in a suicide bomb attack at the Wagah checkpoint near Lahore and along the India-Pakistan border on Sunday evening. No damage was reported on the Indian side.
"A large number of people were returning after watching Rangers flag ceremony at Wagah border when a suicide bomber blew himself up near one of the exit gates," inspector general of police of Punjab Mushtaq Sukhera said. He said three Pakistani Rangers were among the dead.
A militant group close to Pakistani Taliban, claimed responsibility for the deadliest attack to hit Pakistan in a year, saying it was a response to the Pakistani army's actions against their positions in tribal areas.
Indian security establishment had got intelligence inputs suggesting that the flag-lowering ceremony may be targeted, sources told HT in Delhi.
“India’s external intelligence agency, Research and Analysis Wing had got intelligence inputs some 15 days back indicating that the flag-lowering might be targeted by the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan,” a home ministry official said on condition of anonymity.
The bombing took place on the Pakistani side at least 500 meters from the border at 6.12pm. No Indian troops were hurt but the blast left windows and doors of the Border Security Force post shaking. Most of the people who died in the blast were returning from the ceremony.
Read: Flag lowering ceremony at Wagah suspended
The 18-year-old bomber tried to enter the security perimeter of the border area complex but was checked by the Rangers and that is when he detonated the explosives strapped on his body, Sukhera said. He was carrying 20 to 25 kg of explosives.
“I was sitting in my office near the border when I heard the blast. I rushed to the scene and saw scattered bodies, injured men, women and children and smashed cars," a Pakistani intelligence source said.
Security officials expressed fear that the teenager might have been trying to detonate himself further inside the complex that could have caused damage on the Indian side as well.
The dead and wounded were taken to Lahore’s Ghurki hospital, where distressed relatives, weeping and hugging each other in grief, searched for their loved ones.
Live TV footage showed people drenched in blood and crying in pain as they were evacuated to hospitals. At the hospitals, relatives of the dead cried and beat their chests and heads. "My brothers, my two brothers… They both are dead," a man wailed.
"We received 35 bodies including those of women and children and 60 to 70 were wounded," Deputy Medical Superintendent of Ghurki Hospital near the Wagah border crossing, identified only as Dr Khurram, told Pakistani television channels.
 
Lahore police chief Amin Wains confirmed it was a suicide attack. "Ball bearings were found at the scene," he said. TV channels showed images of gutted shops and buildings near the checkpoint. 
 
Every day before sunset soldiers from Pakistan and India gather at Wagah, the only road border crossing between Amritsar and Lahore, to simultaneously lower the two nations' flags.
 
Pakistan has been wracked by a homegrown Taliban insurgency that has killed thousands of people in recent years, but attacks have tailed off since the army launched a major anti-militant offensive in the northwest in June.
Read: Wagah blast: Our side is completely safe, says BSF IG Ashok Kumar
 
An HT team that visited the joint check-post in the night saw ambulances and other vehicles moving on the Pakistani side.
India's Border Security Force (BSF) troopers were put on high alert along the India-Pakistan border after the attack.  
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi condemned the blast. "Terror attack in Pakistan near Wagah Border is shocking. I strongly condemn such a dastardly act of terrorism," Modi tweeted.
 

Ahead of FAA audit  DGCA takes 40 Jet Airways crew off dutyAhead of FAA audit  DGCA takes 40 Jet Airways crew off duty
Army clears protesters  fires warning shots in Burkina FasoArmy clears protesters  fires warning shots in Burkina Faso
India  Mauritius to cooperate to safeguard Indian OceanIndia  Mauritius to cooperate to safeguard Indian Ocean
Central bankers are caught their own trapNovember 2, 2014 7:13 pm
Central bankers are caught in their own trap
Their power to change expectations relies on their power to make them real, says Martin Sandbu
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2af44544-604d-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Swamys petition triggers fresh debate over criminalising defamationSwamy’s petition triggers fresh debate over criminalising defamation
Satya Prakash , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 02, 2014
First Published: 21:49 IST(2/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:06 IST(3/11/2014)
Comments
Should defamation be done away with as a criminal offence? BJP leader Subramanian Swamy’s petition in the Supreme Court challenging the constitutional validity of Sections 499 and 500 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) has triggered a fresh debate on the contentious provisions, often used against the media and politicians alike.
 
Maintaining that it has been extensively used in India as a tool of harassment, in his petition Swamy contended: “A criminal defamation law, fashioned to be in tune with ancient Anglo-American norms re (concerning) reputation, cannot be used punish a free people in India for having their say in matters of public concern.”
 
This is the second serious challenge to the constitutional validity of criminal defamation law. In 2003, an English daily had mounted an unsuccessful challenge in the top court against the use of criminal defamation on the ground that it violated the press freedom guaranteed under Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution.
 
Defamation is a ground for a reasonable restriction to this freedom under Article 19(2) of the Constitution. But it seems it’s being misused.
 
In the run up to the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, cutting across ideological divide politicians filed criminal defamation cases against each other for comments that should have been left for the people to judge, instead of troubling the courts. (See graphics)
 
Sections 499 and 500 IPC have often been used against media as well to muzzle freedom of speech and expression.
 
The AIADMK government in Tamil Nadu has filed dozens of criminal defamation cases against media houses in various session courts across the state, particularly in Chennai for pointing out lapses on the part of the administration. During her previous term (2002-06), the Jayalalithaa government had filed over 100 criminal defamation cases against the media. The DMK too had filed over 40 defamation cases against the media during 2006-11.
 
No wonder as the Editors’ Guild of India has demanded decriminalisation of defamation as applicable to journalists.
 
According to the Law Commission of India which had invited views and suggestions on the issue, “Respondents overwhelmingly expressed dissatisfaction with the present state of defamation law. All but 3 respondents saw the need for modifications to the law of defamation.”
 
Criminal defamation laws violate international norms on the freedom of speech. According to UN Human Rights Committee (which administers the ICCPR), defamation laws must be crafted with care to ensure that they do not serve, in practice, to stifle the freedom of expression.
 
Many of those who responded to the Law Commission pointed out that criminalising criticism in this disproportionate fashion will have a chilling effect on freedom of speech. Also, the criminal defamation law can easily be abused by filing ‘Strategic Lawsuits Against Public Participation’ (SLAPP suits).
 
Many countries, including the UK and Sri Lanka, have decriminalised defamation.
 
So, should India decriminalise defamation?
 
“Certainly yes”, says noted jurist Rajiv Dhavan.  “This provision was put in the IPC by Lord Macaulay in 1835 and then enacted in 1860 at the instance of Sir Barnes Peacock (First Chief Justice of Calcutta High Court) and Justice James Fitzjames Stephen (a British Judge).
“It is a 19th century statute to oppress the press and free speech. Although Article 19(2) says that restrictions can be made in the interest of defamation, such restriction has to be reasonable,” Dhavan told HT.
“To criminalise free speech to harass private persons using freedom of speech and expression is abominable. They have the option of civil defamation, which after the Auto Shankar case, is possible even against public figures. “What makes it more unreasonable is that it is used to harass. Apart from the punishment prescribed, the process itself is a punishment,” the senior advocate said.

Al Qaeda-linked militants advance in Syria countrysideAl Qaeda-linked militants advance in Syria countryside
Unauthorised disclosure on black money hampersprobePrint
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley addresses NDA MP's during a High tea hosted by Prime Minister Narendra Modi at his residence in New Delhi on Sunday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 1:38 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 10:12 am
Finance minister Arun Jaitley on Sunday said that disclosure of names of those with black money stashed in foreign bank accounts is not only unauthorised, but will violate the tax treaties and also hamper investigations to the benefit of the guilty.
“A disclosure in violation of tax treaties helps the account holder. The reciprocating state would treat this as a violation of a tax treaty and refuse to provide any evidence in support of the unauthorised account. The holder of the unauthorised account in the absence of any proof and confirmation from the reciprocating State would get the benefit in any investigation or prosecution,” the finance minister said in a post on his Facebook page, adding that a premature disclosure would also alert the account holder to prepare some documentation or even destroy evidence.
The finance minister explained that India was unable to participate in the recent multilateral pact on automatic exchange in Berlin since a prevalent view is that confidentiality clauses are unconstitutional in Indian law, adding that this needs to be reviewed.
“This view requires reconsideration,” he stressed, pointing out that an automatic exchange of information would relate both to authorised and unauthorised movement of money.
“Why should any information with regard to authorised movement of money be made public? Why should information even in relation of unauthorised movement of money be made public only for political or collateral purposes? Why should the account holder be alerted in advance?” he said.
In a post titled ‘Confidentiality clauses and the battle for tracing black money outside India’, on the same day as Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke on the issue of black money in his radio broadcast, Jaitley further said that an unauthorised disclosure of names could also lead to sanction of withholding taxes.
“They can attract sanctions in the form of withholding taxes. It is obvious that in a choice between unauthorised disclosure and disclosure as per treaties, the latter is both a fair and beneficial proposition. It will help in collection of evidence and exposure of a wrong doing in accordance with law and fair procedure,” he said, adding that the Reserve Bank of India has already cautioned about the adverse impact of non-compliance with the US government’s Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, 2010 (FATCA) that contains a confidentiality clause.
He also questioned the demand for disclosure of names in violation of tax treaties. “The Congress Party’s stand is understandable. It does not want evidence to be forthcoming in support of the names available with SIT. Are some others ill informed, just indulging in bravado or are they Trojan horses,” he said.
The minister also continued…

Bangla media tycoon gets death for 1971 warcrimesBy: Press Trust of India | Dhaka | Posted: November 3, 2014 1:27 am
Top leader of fundamentalist Jamaat-e-Islami party and Bangladeshi media tycoon Mir Quasem Ali was sentenced to death on Saturday by a special war crimes court for atrocities he committed during the 1971 independence war against Pakistan, days after the party’s chief was given capital punishment on identical charges.
“He (Ali) shall be hanged by neck until he is dead,” pronounced chairman of the three-member special tribunal for war crimes, as the 62-year-old Jamaat leader looked bewildered on the dock.
Amid heavy security, the court simultaneously sentenced him to a 72-year imprisonment for several other charges.
The jail terms would be virtually infructuous since he was sentenced to death.
Emerging from the court, the lawyers said the tribunal found Ali guilty of 10 out of 14 charges while under two charges he was sentenced to death for torturing to death two juvenile freedom fighters and throwing their bodies into a river at northeastern port city of Chittagong.
The verdict came as Jamaat activists enforced the second phase of their three-day nationwide general strike which they called after the chief of Bangladesh’s largest Islamist party, Matiur Rahman Nizami was handed down the death penalty on October 29.
Nizami, 71, was sentenced to death for mass killing, rape, loot and for death of several intellectuals during the nation’s independence war against Pakistan 43 years ago.
Meanwhile, life in capital Dhaka and other major cities, remained largely normal as paramilitary Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) and elite anti-crime Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) were deployed to avoid violence similar to the one witnessed after Nizami’s sentencing.
Who is he?
# Mir Quasem Ali is amember of Jamaat-e-Islami’s highest policy making body & one of the party’s top financiers
# Was a leader of Jamaat’s powerful student wing, the third in command of the infamous Gestapo-like Al-Badr militia
# Heads Diganta Media Corporation which owns a pro-Jamaat daily and a television station
His crimes
# Accused of running a makeshift torture camp at a hotel in Chittagong where hundreds of people — freedom fighters and their supporters — were killed.
# Tortured to death two juvenile freedom fighters and threw their bodies into a river, for which he was given death

Retail investors flock to mutual fundsagainPrint
Posted: November 3, 2014 1:18 am
Mutual funds registered a 4.6 per cent increase in retail folios in the past six months ended September 2014, marking the highest rise since March 2009, according to rating agency Crisil.
* In absolute terms this translated to an increase of 16.6 lakh retail folios. The rise in retail folios was led by addition in equity fund folios.
*  The industry had 3.80 crore retail folios as on September 30, 2014, which is almost 96 per cent of the total folio base (including institutional and high net worth individual or HNI folios) of 3.95 cr folios.
* At the aggregate level, mutual fund folios fell marginally due to a decline in high networth investor (HNI) folios.
*  Of the Rs 1.72 lakh crore of retail investment in equity-oriented mutual funds, Rs 1.10 lakh crore continued for over 24 months.
MONEY FLOWS TO EQUITY: The equity category, which reported a consistent decline in retail folios since the second half of FY11 till September 2014, posted a record addition of 16.89 lakh folios to 2.90 cr folios. Strong rally in the equity market and the consequent rise in investors’ interest led to the sharp increase in retail folios. The CNX Nifty gained 19 per cent in the six months ended September 2014.
HNIs PULL OUT: The HNI (individuals investing Rs 5 lakh or more) segment saw folio closure in all mutual fund categories. The segment saw closure of over 16 lakh accounts in September 2014, a record fall as per data available since March 2009. The equity fund category saw the biggest fall with closure of 11.34 lakh folios.

Ebola  political ignorance  and the undeadBy Ilya Somin October 31
I recently put up a guest post at the website of Economics of The Undead , the recent book edited by economists Glen Whitman and James Dow. My post explains how the kind of political ignorance that often leads to catastrophic results in vampire and zombie stories may also be affecting the public response to Ebola. Here’s an excerpt:
My chapter in Economics of the Undead focuses on the ways in which political ignorance undermines efforts to combat zombies and vampires. From Dracula to Buffy the Vampire Slayer to World War Z, a constant theme of books and movies about the undead is that public ignorance and irrationality exacerbate the danger they pose to humans.
Typically, the story begins with a growing undead menace that the ignorant public is largely unaware of. As a result, government does little or nothing to address the problem. When the threat becomes so obvious that voters finally become aware of it, the reaction is an irrational panic that often leads to perverse policies that make the problem worse. In addition, the government and various interest groups often take advantage of the public’s ignorance and bias to use the crisis created by the undead for their own benefit….
The ignorance and irrationality highlighted in stories about the undead are an exaggerated version of the real-world problem of voter ignorance ….
Political scientist Daniel Drezner, author ofTheories of International Politics and Zombies, points out that the kind of public ignorance we find in zombie stories is now affecting efforts to deal with Ebola….
Fortunately, at least for wealthy Western nations, the Ebola crisis is probably only a very minor danger….
Nonetheless, public ignorance could easily make Ebola policy more wasteful and inefficient than it needs to be, and might potentially result in at least a few avoidable deaths. And if Western governments react to ill-informed public anger by banning travel to and from affected nations instead of focusing on more effective and less draconian measures such as temporary quarantines, the result will be extensive needless suffering and a longterm exacerbation of disease risk . Too often, well-intentioned but ignorant humans are more deadly than even the most malevolent vampires and zombies.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

China slowdown to bruise global economyYou are here: Home > Collections > China
China slowdown to bruise global economy
AP Nov 2, 2014, 10.50PM IST
Tags:
China
(A survey has found that 57…)
WASHINGTON: China's roaring economy for years has pulled much of the rest of the world with it, soaking up oil, iron ore and other commodities from developing countries and autos and luxury goods from Europe.
But its role as a global engine is fading as its economy slows and many other nations, in the view of economists, will feel the pain. A survey of 30 economists has found that 57 per cent of them expect China's decelerating economy to restrain growth in countries from Brazil and Chile to Australia and South Korea.
A notable exception is the United States, which the economists see as largely insulated from China's troubles.
China's once-explosive growth has slowed in part because of its government's efforts to restrain its speculative real estate sector and shift its economy toward consumer spending. China's economy expanded 7.3 per cent in the third quarter from a year earlier, its slowest pace since 2009. A growth rate above 7 per cent would be the envy of most major economies. But for China, it marked a sharp slowdown after three decades of double-digit expansion.
Last week, the Conference Board, a business group, forecast that China's growth would slump to 4 per cent by 2020.
China's deceleration is rippling around the world. Brazil and Australia are selling it less iron ore, a key ingredient in steel, as China's construction boom slows. Chile is exporting less copper to China. Indonesia is selling it less oil and lumber.
And South Korea's electronics exports have faltered, hampering its growth, as Chinese consumers buy fewer smartphones or choose cheaper domestic alternatives.
China is also cracking down on corruption, which threatens European designer brands. Sung Won Sohn, an economist at California State University's Smith School of Business, estimates that one-third of luxury Swiss watches are exported to China. In addition, China is the fastest-growing market for Mercedes-Benz and BMW.
  US automakers, particularly General Motors, also sell lots of cars in China. But nearly all are built in China and don't contribute much to the US economy, Sohn said. That's true of many other US goods sold in China, including electronics. As a result, weaker sales in China wouldn't much hurt the United States. Capital Economics, a forecasting firm, calculates that only 6.5 per cent of US exports go to China - equal to just 0.9 per cent of the US economy.
"It's hard to see a slowdown in China having a really significant impact on the US economy, barring a complete collapse," said Paul Ashworth, an economist at Capital Economics.
The AP surveyed a range of corporate, Wall Street and academic economists from Oct. 24 through 29. Among their other views:
If Republicans wrest control of the Senate from Democrats in Tuesday's elections, it would probably cause political gridlock but would have little effect on the US economy. A few economists said such an election result might lead to tax reforms that would boost long-term growth.
Retail sales will pick up during this holiday shopping season. The economists think sales will rise 4.1 per cent from a year ago, up from 3.8 per cent in 2013. Lower gas prices and greater hiring should boost Americans' spending power.
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has done a better job than her counterpart at the European Central Bank, President Mario Draghi. The economists gave Yellen an average score of 3.8 on a scale of 1 to 5, with 5 the best and 1 the worst. Draghi earned 3.2. Most economists say they wish the ECB would take bolder steps to spur growth in the 18-nation eurozone, which may be on the brink of its third recession in seven years.
Most of surveyed economists think the US economy can expand at a respectable annual rate of 2.5 per cent to 3 per cent through next year even if Europe, Japan and China stumble.
On Friday, Japan's central bank unexpectedly intensified its stimulus efforts to try to invigorate its chronically anemic economy. The Bank of Japan will buy more government bonds and other assets lift inflation and spur more spending. That announcement helped lift financial markets around the world.
Oil prices have fallen more than 25 per cent since summer, partly because China is using less of it and thereby reducing global demand for oil. With demand slowing, the national average price of gasoline in the United States fell 33 cents in October to $3.00 even, according to AAA. The average dipped below $3 this weekend for the first time in four years.
Robert Johnson, an economist at Morningstar, an investing service, noted that the United States has been recovering steadily from the Great Recession even as China's economy has weakened. China was growing at a double-digit pace in 2010, when the U.S. was still struggling to escape the recession. Now, the US economy has expanded at a 4 per cent annual pace over the past six months.
Still, if China's growth does slow significantly, eventually it could diminish growth in the United States. "China is such a big market," Sohn said. "Sooner or later, we will feel the impact."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xiaomi continues to reign supreme in Chinese marketXiaomi continues to reign supreme in Chinese market
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 10.57PM IST
Tags:
China
(Xiaomi secured 30.3 per…)
BEIJING: Chinese smartphone manufacturer Xiaomi continued to dominate the country's smart phone market as two of the company's models topped the sales charts in the third quarter.
The company secured 30.3 per cent of the market share in China, followed by Samsung with an 18.4 per cent share in three months ending September, UK-based market research company Kantar Worldpanel Comtech said yesterday.
Xiaomi shipped 18 million units of smartphones in the third quarter, an increase of 18 per cent from the previous quarter, the company's founder and CEO Lei Jun recently posted on his Sina Weibo microblog, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
For the first nine months, Xiaomi, whose name translates into the grain "millet", shipped a total of 44 million units, he said.
The company's Red Rice 1S and Rice Note models have topped the sales charts in China during the third quarter.
The company was founded in April 2010 by Lei and his friends in Zhongguancun, Beijing's technology hub, dubbed as China's Silicon Valley.
Earlier another global market researcher International Data Corporation (IDC) said in a report that Xiaomi jumped into the top 5 manufacturers list for the first time thanks to its focus on China and adjacent markets, which resulted in triple-digit year-over-year growth.
In the third quarter of this year, Xiaomi's global market share stood at 5.3 per cent, following Samsung's 23.8 per cent and Apple's 12 per cent, according to IDC. The key to Xiaomi's success was the launch of its Mi4 smartphone in August, which was positioned as a high-end alternative to the status quo, it said.
"What remains to be seen is how quickly the company can move beyond its home territories to drive volumes higher," the report said.
Earlier the company was in news for migrating data of its non-Chinese customers from its servers in Beijing to Amazon AWS data centres.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Electricity tribunal rejects Adani Power plea on condoningdelayPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 2:09 am
The Appellate Tribunal for Electricity (Aptel)  has rejected Adani Power’s application seeking to condone the “481 days” delay in filing a plea against power regulator CERC’s ruling of April 2013 with regard to tariff issues at its Mundra project. The main case about giving compensatory tariffs, however, continues in Aptel.
After the Indonesian government changed its rules on exporting coal by imposing a minimum export price in September 2010, Adani Power and Tata Power approached the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) asking for relief on grounds of ‘force majeure’ and ‘change of law’.
CERC, however, rejected both last year, arguing that changes in Indonesian law cannot be considered ‘force majeure’. It, however, ordered compensatory tariffs based on Section 61 and 79 of the Electricity Act. While Section 79 gives CERC the power to regulate, Section 61 says CERC has to safeguard  consumer interest while ensuring‘recovery of the cost of electricity in a reasonable manner’.
The compensatory tariff, determined by a committee led by Deepak Parekh. took into account the extra money earned by the companies from their mines in Indonesia as a result of the higher coal export price. The discoms in Haryana, Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Gujarat, however, challenged the CERC ruling at Aptel which, while asking for current charges to be paid based on the new CERC formula, said it would take a call on past dues. Haryana challenged this in the Supreme Court which remanded the matter back to Aptel with instructions to hear the case afresh.

As mineral imports surge  Railways pushes for congestionsurchargePrint
Written by Priyadarshi Siddhanta | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 2:05 am
The Railways have proposed to levy a ‘congestion surcharge’ at all ports in the country due to a surge in imports of coal, fertilisers and iron ore, a move strongly opposed by industry who have said that it would lead to a rise in prices of electricity, steel and farm output.
The railway board has written to the finance and commerce ministries on October 21 proposing that in view of the serious congestion at the ports a surcharge at the rate of 10 per cent of the base rate would be imposed.
This translates into rise of 4 paise on per kg of coal and iron ore, 5 paise per kg on fertilisers, 3 paise per kg on limestone and dolomite and 5 paise per kg of gypsum. The board has asked these ministries to treat this proposed rise “as a small cost to pay for the massive evacuation which is underway at the ports”.
“At the rate which it (imports) is growing, there is no other option but to recover this cost through the surcharge,” the railway board said in the letter.
The board has justified its proposal saying that the spurt in the imports of minerals and fertilisers has led to a situation where the quantity to be evacuated from ports has far exceeded the planned capacity.
Congestion at various ports has resulted in the Railways’ rolling stock getting overstretched. Last month there was a growth of 25 per cent in the traffic loaded at various ports over the last year, it cited.
Opposing the move, Ashok Khurana, director general of the Association of Power Producers, told The Indian Express that the 4 paise hike translates into a hike of Rs 4,00,000 on every million tonne of coal and considering that the country imports currently about 55 MT of coal each year, the thermal power companies will have to shell out Rs 220 crore more each year due to the surcharge.
“This is bound to increase electricity production costs. Since the cost of importing coal is pass through, it would lead to higher power tariffs. The Railways should increase capacity of its rolling stock and construct more railway lines to make movements of its rakes faster,” Khurana said.
Vinod Kumar, director-commercial, SAIL,said the import cost coupled with the proposed surcharge would lead to rise in steel prices. “All steel companies import huge amount of coking coal to fire their furnaces and considering that coal is an essential ingredient in making steel, imports cannot be cut down.”
Firdose Vandrevala, executive vice chairman, Essar Steel, said that the surcharge would only add to the cost burden of Indian steel industry and a cost push increase on the finished steel.
“With Indian steel industry set to grow at faster pace and with lack of adequate supplies of iron ore-coal within the country, imports are bound to increase to meet production requirement. The focus should be on creating necessary infrastructure to handle increased volumes,” he said. A senior steel ministry official said the surcharge would be a double whammy on coking coal continued…

New GDP data with 2011-12 base inJanPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 1:53 am
Seeking to present a more realistic picture of the economy, the government will release a new series of national accounts with 2011-12 as base year for computing the economic growth rate.
The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) data based on the new series will be released for three consecutive years from 2011-12 in January next year. At present, the GDP is computed on 2004-05 base year.
“The new series will better reflect the economy as it would include more sectors. However, it would be difficult to say whether there would be any significant change in growth rates for the previous years,” National Statistical Commission chairman Pronab Sen, who was associated with formulation of the new series, said.
He added that it may take about one year to ascertain about the change in growth rates of different sectors and economy as a whole based on the new series during the previous years.
“As per the revision policy of the national accounts, the estimates for the year 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14, due for release in January 2015, would have been the third revised estimates, second revised and first revised estimates, respectively,” as official statement said.
The government will also be revising the base year for consumer price index (CPI), wholesale price index (WPI) and index of industrial production (IIP).

Evidence of Abundance #16: 1 000 Times Cheaper to Launch a StartupToday, it's 1,000 times cheaper to start an Internet company than 14 years ago. That's amazing!
Today's evidence of abundance is about this plummeting cost of launching an Internet startup.
In 2000, just before the first dot-com bubble burst, it cost a whopping $5 million to launch a tech startup.
Watch what happened, though, as open source communities, cloud computing, and developer-founded companies came into vogue over the next 11 years:
As of 2011, it cost about $5,000 to launch a tech startup.
These days, the barrier of entry to entrepreneurship is even less, thanks to crowd-powered technologies like incentive competitions, crowdfunding and crowd content creation.
It's never been easier to share your ideas and passions with the world. And, as you've heard me say, it's only getting better.
P.S. Please send your friends and family to peterdiamandis.com to sign up for these blogs -- this is all about surrounding yourself with abundance-minded thinkers. If you want my personal coaching on these topics, consider joining my Abundance 360 membership program for entrepreneurs.
Follow Peter Diamandis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/PeterDiamandis
More:

Festivals fail to cheer auto majorsNEW DELHI, November 1, 2014
Updated: November 2, 2014 09:51 IST
Festivals fail to cheer auto majors
Yuthika Bhargava
The Hindu October did not fully deliver on the hopes of turnaround pinned on it.
TOPICS
automobile
Sentiment remains subdued during October
Even as major car makers such as Maruti Suzuki India, Hyundai Motor India and Honda Cars India posted growth in sales in October, the festive month, which usually accounts for 30 per cent of annual sales for automobile companies, did not fully deliver on the hopes of turnaround pinned on it.
Companies such as Mahindra & Mahindra, Tata Motors and Ford registered a decline in sales as sentiments remained subdued.
Maruti Suzuki’s domestic sales rose just one per cent to 97,069 units. The company said less number of working days during the month impacted sales.
Its recently launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz received good response with the company selling 6,345 units during the month.
Hyundai Motor India registered an increase of 5.57 per cent in sales to 38,010 units. Company Senior Vice President (Sales and Marketing) Rakesh Srivastava said there was increase in sales in the additional and replacement buyers segment with demand led by new models like Elite i20, Xcent, coupled with festival buying.
Honda Cars India had a good month, posting 18.08 per cent increase in sales to 13,242 units. “We have clocked excellent sales during the year so far,” company Senior Vice-President (Marketing and Sales) Jnaneswar Sen said.
Mahindra & Mahindra has reported 15.71 per cent decline in sales at 40,274 units last month. “Our sales for October remained subdued on the back of overall sentiment and high interest rates,” its Chief Executive, Automotive Division and International Operations (AFS), Pravin Shah, said.
Tata Motors said the muted market sentiment continued to impact overall sales. Its total sales of passenger vehicles for October stood at 11,511 units, lower by 19 per cent. Toyota Kirloskar Motor said its sales in the domestic market were 12,556 units during the month, down 4.6 per cent. Company TKM Senior Vice President (Sales and Marketing) N. Raja said, “We have maintained the sales volumes as September in the domestic market and hope to see growth in the next two months.”
Ford India’s domestic sales also declined by 26.62 per cent to 6,723 units. Nissan, too, reported a 15.86 per cent decline in sales at 4,106 units.
In the two-wheeler segment, TVS Motor Company posted 18 per cent rise in sales at 1.73 lakh units.

India forces U.N. to review peacekeepingNEW DELHI, November 2, 2014
Updated: November 2, 2014 09:43 IST
India forces U.N. to review peacekeeping
Suhasini Haidar
With 8,132 soldiers on U.N. missions, India is the third largest contributor of peacekeeping forces. File photo
TOPICS
United Nations
New Delhi still upset, says Security Council should have set up panel
Under pressure from India over the safety of United Nations Peacekeeping forces, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has set up a 14-member panel, including an Indian to review peacekeeping operations worldwide.
The panel, headed by Jose Ramos-Horta, the former President of East Timor, will include Lt. General Abhijit Guha, a retired Indian Army officer who now holds a U.N. post.
In a statement, Mr. Ban said: “Peace missions today are increasingly called on to confront politically complex and challenging conflicts, often in volatile security environments where operations are directly targeted.”
While there was no official reaction to the announcement, Indian officials said they were disappointed since the panel had not been set up by the Security Council. “We have been calling for a review of the way the peacekeeping operations are being mandated, for that it should be under the Security Council, as a panel appointed by the U.N. Secretary General is not binding,” an official source told The Hindu, calling for a greater role for India and other contributing nations in the UN process.
In the past few months, India has taken up the issue of “changing mandates” and a lack of consultation by the Security Council that appoints the missions. In particular, India had objected after the killing of three Indian peacekeepers, or “blue helmets,” in South Sudan when rebels attacked their base, while 39 have been killed on peacekeeping duty in the Congo.
At the U.N. General Assembly this year, India had called for a greater role in the decision making about peacekeeping operations, especially in areas of internal political conflict. The government also raised the issue strongly with the U.N. Peacekeeping chief Herve Ladsous when he visited New Delhi in July.
Speaking to The Hindu, Mr. Ladsous had agreed with the Indian contention, saying that, “What used to be monitoring, observing missions are now multi-dimensional. What has happened is unacceptable with people massacred right next to our blue helmets.”
With 8,132 soldiers on UN missions, India is the third largest contributor of peacekeeping forces , after Bangladesh and Pakistan. It has suffered the highest casualties in UN peacekeeping operations, with an estimated 157 Indian soldiers being killed since 1950. The move for a bigger role in deciding UN peacekeeping mandates is seen as part of the bigger push by India for a permanent seat at the Security Council.

Fadnavis keeps home  health; Khadse gets revenueUpdated: November 4, 2014 08:10 IST
Fadnavis keeps home, health; Khadse gets revenue
Vinaya Deshpande
PTI In this October 31, 2014 photo, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and ministerial colleague Eknath Khadse pay tributes to Chhatrapati Shivaji at Mantralaya in Mumbai.
TOPICS
Pankaja Munde will be in-charge of rural development and water conservation, and women and child development.
The new Maharashtra Chief Minister, Devendra Fadnavis, has retained Home and Urban Development portfolios.
Eknathrao Khadse has been given Revenue, Minorities Development and Wakf, Agriculture, Animal Husbandry, Dairy Development and Fisheries and Excise. Sudhir Mungantiwar will be Minister of Finance and Forests. BJP’s only Maratha face, Vinod Tawade, got Education, among others.
Pankaja Munde, daughter of deceased veteran BJP leader Gopinath Munde, has been given the portfolios of Women and Child Development, and Rural Development and Water Conservation. Vidya Thakur has been made the Minister of State for these two Ministries.

Bus services to start between Kathmandu & DelhiNepal, India to start bus services between Kathmandu and Delhi
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 09.01PM IST
Tags:
Bus services
(The agreement envisages…)
KATHMANDU: India and Nepal have finalised a new agreement to boost people to people contacts and promote tourism by planning bus services on three routes from Kathmandu and Pokhara to New Delhi and Varanasi later this month.
The Motor Vehicle Agreement will be signed during the forthcoming visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Nepal during the 18th SAARC Summit which is taking place on November 25, according to Indian embassy sources.
"The officials of Nepal and India held talks in Kathmandu on October 30 to finalise the Motor Vehicle Agreement and other matters related with road transport and infrastructure," Indian embassy said.
The agreement envisages regular bus services on three routes -- Kathmandu to New Delhi, Kathmandu to Varanasi and Pokhara to New Delhi, it said.
The agreement also aims to simplify the movement of private vehicles across the border. The proposed India-Nepal Friendship Car Rally on the Puri-Kathmandu-Delhi route will also get assistance from both governments.
The new bus services is likely to be launched on November 25, the day Prime Minister Modi arrives in Kathmandu, officials said.
While the Nepalese delegation was represented by Physical Infrastructure and Transport secretary Tulasi Prasad Situala, Indian side was led by Vijay Chibber, secretary in Road Transport and Highways Ministry.
The Indian side has imparted technical training to Nepal's highway engineers at the Indian Academy of Highway Engineers to start the new bus services.
During the secretary level meeting both sides also decided to prepare a feasibility report for three motorable bridges on the Mahakali river at Mahendra Nagar, Jhulaghat and Darchula and a suspension bridge at Shirsha in Dadeldhura district.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China tests laser weapon to shoot down dronesYou are here: Home > Collections > Altitude
China successfully tests laser weapon to shoot down drones
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 09.12PM IST
Tags:
China
(China today claimed to have…)
BEIJING: China today claimed to have successfully tested a homemade laser defence system specially targeting small-scale drones flying at low altitude.
The weapon is able to shoot down various small aircraft within a two-kilometre radius and can do so in five seconds after locating its target, said a statement released by the China Academy of Engineering Physics , one of the system's co-developers.
Characterised by its speed, precision and low noise, the system is designed to destroy unmanned, small-scale drones flying within an altitude of 500 metres and at a speed below 50m/s, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
"Intercepting such drones is usually the work of snipers and helicopters, but their success rate is not as high and mistakes with accuracy can result in unwanted damage," said Yi Jinsong , a manager with China Jiuyuan Hi-Tech Equipment Corp , a group under the academy spearheading the project.
According to Yi, small-scale, unmanned drones are relatively cheap and easy-to-use, which makes them a likely choice for terrorists.
In addition, concerns have been raised over drones engaged in unlicensed mapping activities and the affect this could have on military and civil aerial activities.
The new laser system, which will either be installed or transported in vehicles, is expected to play a key role in ensuring security during major events in urban areas, the statement said, adding that a recent test saw the machine successfully shoot down more than 30 drones - a 100 per cent success rate.
The academy said it was developing similar laser security systems with greater power and range.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chit fund scam: Orissa govt forms panel to fixcompensationPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: November 3, 2014 2:50 am
More than a year after it passed an Act to protect the interests of small depositors who were duped of their savings by chit fund firms, Orissa government has announced a 5-member committee headed by additional chief secretary of finance to determine the quantum of compensation to be doled out to the victims.
With the CBI probe into the chit fund scam landing at its doorstep after the arrest of BJD MLA Pravat Tripathy two days ago, the government was eager to return money to the angry depositors, sources said.
Apart from the finance secretary, additional chief secretary of revenue and disaster management department and the home secretary would be part of the committee.
After the scam came to light in 2011, the Naveen Patnaik government framed the Orissa Protection of Interest of Depositors Act, that was made into a law in August last year. The government also announced a Rs 300-crore corpus fund called “Fund for protection of interest of depositors” to compensate the depositors.
Though the detailed procedure is yet to be announced, officials said the compensation would be disbursed after verifying each claim. The compensation would not exceed the principal amount of the depositor.

Vigilance bureau to probe bribe charge against KeralaministerPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 3, 2014 2:48 am
Kerala Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala said on Sunday that the Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau will probe the allegation that Finance Minister K M Mani took a bribe from bar hotel owners to renew their liquor licences.
Speaking to media in Thrissur, he said a prima facie probe will be held based on the complaint of Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan. However, a decision on whether a case should be registered against Mani would be taken only after the preliminary probe.
Achuthanandan had written to the Home Minister on Saturday seeking a probe into the matter. “The government gives due respect to the letter from the Opposition leader. There is no politics in the decision. The government is sticking to the legal route only,” Chennithala said.
The bar owners association’s representative Biju Ramesh had threatened to move the High Court seeking a CBI probe if the state government did not probe the matter. Although Mani refuted the allegation, several other bar owners disclosed that they handed over money to the association leaders to pay political leaders to get the licences renewed.
Government chief whip P C George had also alleged that bar owners had collected Rs 15 crore to get licences renewed.
On Sunday, Achuthanandan said a CBI probe should be ordered into the issue.

Attack in Pak Punjab meant to sendmessagePrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 2:42 am
The  jihadist group Jundallah, an affiliate of al-Qaeda and the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan, is among those that has claimed responsibility for Sunday’s attack.
Led, until his killing in a November 1, 2013 drone strike by Hakimullah Mehsud, the organisation has been held responsible for a number of spectacular strikes in the past — among them, the near-successful assassination of pro-establishment Islamist politician Maulana Fazlur Rahman last month.
The terrorist group, whose ranks included 26/11 reconnaissance agent David Headley and is thought to have had contact with elements of the Indian Mujahideen’s leadership, is also accused of the 2013 suicide attack on a Peshawar church which left 127 dead, the killing of foreign hikers at Nanga Parbat in the same year, and several attacks on Pakistan’s minority Shia community.
Sushant Sareen, a Pakistan expert at the Vivekananda International Foundation, noted that the attack came after weeks of claims by the Pakistan army that its operation Zarb-e-Azb had decimated terrorists operating in North Waziristan, and made it impossible for them to launch attacks in Punjab. “I’m guessing this bombing has a pretty simple message,” he said.

Student at Hyderabad institute allegesrapePrint
By: Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: November 3, 2014 2:42 am
A post-graduation student of English and Foreign Languages University has lodged a police complaint alleging that four persons sexually assaulted her during a party at the boys’ hostel on Friday night. The victim stated she was traumatised and it was only after her friends comforted and supported her that she managed to gather courage to lodge a police complaint.
The Osmania University Police Station confirmed they received a complaint from a 23-year-old PG student living in the hostel. “We registered the complaint. She stated that she was invited to a party at the boys’ hostel on Friday night. She said they gave her drinks which intoxicated her and named four persons who raped her when she was in that condition. The four have been taken into custody,’’ an official said.
The victim has been sent for medical examination.

Except for wars  no break in retreatceremonyThe gate at the Attari border was closed after the bomb blast on Sunday. (PTI)
Chandigrah | Posted: November 3, 2014 2:39 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 8:21 am
By: Man Aman Singh Chhina
The retreat ceremony at the Attari-Wagah international border, mid-way between Amritsar and Lahore, shot into prominence in the aftermath of the Kargil conflict, even though it was instituted in the late 1950s and has continued without a break, but for during the 1965 and 1971 wars.
While this may have been the first terror hit on the Pakistani side at the border crossing, the Indian side had seen one such attack in 2009-10. Fifteen home-made rockets had been fired at BSF border posts by “unknown elements” from the Pakistani side then. However, there had been no casualties in that incident.
Widely known as the ‘Wagah retreat ceremony’, the name is actually a misnomer since Wagah is a village on the Pakistani side of the border and Attari is the village on the Indian side where the border is situated.
Till the late 90s, the retreat ceremony attracted visitors only on weekends on the Indian side, numbering a few hundred. An equal number gathered on the Pakistani side on Fridays, the holiday in Lahore.
It was after the Kargil conflict in 1999 and the subsequent patriotic rush that tourists started thronging the ceremony, necessitating expansion of infrastructure including new viewer galleries and souvenir shops on both sides of the border. However, the ceremony itself continued during the duration of the Kargil conflict.
Today, roughly 10,000 visitors from India view the ceremony each day while the numbers on the Pakistani side range between 5-7,000 on weekdays and 10,000 on weekends.
The highlight of the ceremony is a mutually agreed drill by the Pak Rangers and BSF, before the flags of the two nations are lowered as the sun goes down.
Jawans on both sides make aggressive gestures, stamp down feet from impossible angles and glare at each other in faux anger, much to the delight of the crowds.
Sunday’s attack comes at a time when the BSF was planning to introduce border tourism at Attari. A senior BSF official in Punjab Frontier headquarters said these plans may be put on hold for now.

Top 10 blue-chips add Rs 97 648 crore to m-capCoal India
NEW DELHI: As the BSE Sensex gained over 1,000 points last week, the top 10 companies saw a combined addition of over Rs 97,648 crore to market capitalisation during the past week.
Each of these firms saw its m-cap rise but the biggest gainer was TCS which added Rs 27,255.70 crore to its market worth. Its m-cap swelled to Rs 5,10,160.5 crore.
TCS remained at number one, followed by ONGC, Reliance , ITC, Coal India , Infosys, HDFC Bank, State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
After TCS, RIL and Infosys added the most to their value during the week ended October 31. Both RIL and Infosys added over Rs 14,000 crore to their market capitalisation.
RIL added Rs 14,960.02 crore, with its m-cap swelling to Rs 3,23,201.52 crore.
Infosys' valuations improved by Rs 14,106.10 crore to Rs 2,32,648.91 crore, while Coal India's m-cap moved up by Rs 10,485.15 crore to Rs 2,33,294.92 crore.
Country's leading public sector lender SBI added Rs 8,906.60 crore, following which its valuation improved to Rs 2,01,697.92 crore, while Sun Pharma's market capitalisation swelled by Rs 7,331.70 crore to Rs 1,75,122.21 crore.
ICICI Bank added Rs 5,695.60 crore during last week. Accordingly, its m-cap improved to Rs 1,88,129.8 crore. ITC added Rs 3,790.85 crore to its value; HDFC Bank - Rs 3,790.52 crore and ONGC - Rs 1,326.07 crore.
During the week, Sensex added 1,014.78 points to close at 27,865.83 points.
The NSE Nifty, comprising 50 scrips, breached the 8,300- mark for the first time to touch lifetime high of 8,330.75. It closed the week on Friday at a new high of 8,322.20, surging 153 points, or 1.87 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bullishness in mkts to continueBullishness in mkts to continue
LIC offloads shares in 14 Sensex firmsLIC offloads shares in 14 Sensex firms
Editorial: Constructing a new storyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Delhi Confidential: InCurrencyPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:08 am
He may have been voted out of power in India but it seems he remains sought after internationally. On Monday, Manmohan Singh will leave for his first visit aboard after stepping down as Prime Minister. He will travel to Japan to receive the highest civilian honour of Japan bestowed by the Emperor of that country.  He will be in Japan for five days.
DELHI POSTING
Like all other government departments, a posting in Delhi remains much sought-after at the Central Administrative Tribunal as well. And it is not always that a position is vacant in Delhi. These days, a lot of jockeying is going on for a Delhi-based post of Member, CAT. The position has fallen vacant because a former High Court judge, who was selected for the post, is keen to shift to Chandigarh. Sensing his opportunity, a former law secretary, posted in CAT, Chandigarh Bench, is lobbying hard to get a transfer to Delhi. All eyes are on the CAT chairman for a final decision on the issue.
TWITTER TREND
That the NDA government is trying to reach out to citizens through social media in a big way is no secret. Congratulatory messages were circulated between senior officers of Information and Broadcasting Ministry last week when the number of ‘followers’ of the  Twitter handle of the government’s public relations wing, PIB, crossed the three-lakh mark. PIB officials were quick to point out that while it took over two years for the handle to reach the two lakh mark, the third lakh came in just about three months.
OPERATIONAL WOES
There is no end in sight for operational woes of NIA, which is probing the Burdwan blast case. After the West Bengal Police refused to help them fearing backlash by the state government, the investigating agency was given a company of BSF personnel to accompany them during raids. However, BSF being a border guarding force and owing to its nature of duty which involves minimal public interaction, moved around with heavy guns and other armed paraphernalia. NIA, which is conducting raids in villages, landed in some uncomfortable situations where the presence of such large group of armed personnel was not required. Keeping this in mind, the BSF has now been replaced by CRPF, who have a better record of public interactions. Meanwhile, with local police keeping its hands-off approach, the NIA is having to make do with just two official vehicles. It has already run-up a bill of about Rs 12 lakh in hiring additional vehicles.

Medical education curriculum set forreviewPrint
Written by Abantika Ghosh | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:03 am
For the first time since 1956, the year in which it was set up, the Medical Council of India (MCI) has begun a comprehensive revision of the medical education curriculum in the country.
An MCI expert committee is looking at incorporation of the latest medical technology and teaching aids in subjects such as anatomy, pathology and biochemistry at the MBBS level and introduction of new specialities and super-specialities for postgraduation and beyond.
The new specialities under consideration include allergy medicine, paediatric neurology and marine medicine. As per some estimates, one in every three persons suffers from some form of allergy, but India does not teach it as a speciality.
The new courses at postgraduate and Ph.D levels will keep in mind the disease profile of India and the gaps in the present system.
The medical education regulator is also keen to revive the lost institution of general practitioner by starting a postgraduate course to train general physicians.
Work on finalising the new curriculum and new courses is in the final stages.
For the first time, the council is also planning to obtain a copyright for the curriculum — a process it hopes to complete by June 2015. The curriculum will then be distributed to medical colleges, which will be required to conduct teachers’ training for the next one year so that by the 2016 session, medical undergraduates can move away from the 58-year-old curriculum.
“Medical science has made some very important leaps in these 58 years. While doctors do keep abreast of latest developments through medical journals etc — many of them have foreign degrees — our colleges continue to teach an outdated syllabus. Many of the techniques that we teach are obsolete. Even simple things like segregation of physiology and biochemistry into discrete fields is not accounted for at the MBBS level. There are simulators that can replace cadaver dissections at least in part, but we don’t use them.
The new curriculum will incorporate all these things,” MCI president Dr Jayshreeben Mehta told The Indian Express.
The idea behind getting a copyright for the curriculum is that only colleges or educational institutes expressly permitted by the MCI to teach it can do so, she added.
Given the disease profile of India, a priority for Ph.D courses is infectious diseases, as well as cardiology and neuro-anaesthesia, which are currently not available in the country.
The module on medical ethics will be expanded, making it one of the cornerstones of the syllabus. This, the MCI hopes, will go some distance in reducing medical malpractices.
As for introduction of rural postings for MBBS students, the MCI is treading cautiously. While there is a growing opinion to bring it in, there is stiff opposition from the medical community. The agitation in Andhra Pradesh against the state government’s decision to make rural postings compulsory has further made it cautious.
With rural health centres lacking even basic health amenities, it is felt that pushing medical students to work under such conditions would not go down well.

Apna Dal faction cancels AllahabadfunctionPrint
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:02 am
Apna Dal’s foundation day programme in Allahabad on November 4, which had threatened to push the party a step closer to split, has been cancelled. Party MP Anupriya Patel, apparently unhappy with her mother and party president Krishna Patel’s decision to remove her as general secretary and elevate sister Pallavi Patel to the post of vice-president, had earlier decided to skip the official party programme in Varanasi.
“We concluded that differences are in the family and we as party workers should keep away from aggravating the situation,” said Jawahar Lal Patel, party’s Allahabad district president and considered part of Anupriya Patel faction.

Being a woman should not be adrawbackPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawi | Posted: November 3, 2014 2:56 am
At workplace there is no gender, says L Tochhong, who was the first Mizo woman to join the Indian Administrative Service in 1979 and who completed her last day in office on Friday. Dressed in a green t-shirt and track-pants, L Tochhong sits in the living room of her official residence on her last day of work and says, “I do not like to feel that I am a woman because that means I am insecure and I do not want that to be a drawback for me.”
Two years after she joined the service, L Tochhong became not only the first woman to become the Chief Secretary of Mizoram but also the first Mizo woman to hold the post. Upon her superannuation, she has been appointed as the State Election Commissioner.
During her career she also served in Maharashtra (as a probationer in Thane), Goa, Delhi (first as Sub-Divisional Magistrate, Tiz Hazare, and as director in the MHA) and later in her home-state of Mizoram.
At work she follows a difficult thumb rule, “I have never felt my gender, frankly speaking… Maybe at times, on some rare occasion. But I always quickly discourage that kind of feeling.”
“I would advise women to never let that be a drawback. In a workplace there is no gender. Even if they try to put you down… I think one should build up that barrier so that you are never touched by these things,” she adds. L Tochhong has almost always worn the traditional Mizo wraparound called puan to work. “Everyday!” she says of her attire, “even when I was posted outside Mizoram. I thi-nk puan is very elegant. I suppose I stood out among fellow female officers sometimes.”

Suicide bomber kills 55 in Pakistan near Wagah borderSuicide bomber kills 55 in Pakistan near Wagah border
What Political Reform Looks Like in Chinareddit
BEIJING -- The Fourth Plenary Session of the 18th Party Congress of the Chinese Communist Party, completed last week, decided that modernizing the state governance system and the state's governing capacity will be the general goal of further reform in the near future.
This is of great theoretical and practical significance for China's political development and the entire modernization drive in the future. Theoretically speaking, modernizing the state governance system and the state's governing capacity is an entirely new political idea, and it is an important theoretical sign of the transformation of the CCP from a revolutionary party into a governing party.
Practically speaking, it shows that the CCP has formally incorporated political modernization into the reform agenda. Modernizing state governance will necessitate a change in the relationship between the government, the market and society.
CHANGE WITH CHINESE CHARACTERISTICS
The Chinese government constantly reiterates that it will not slavishly follow the Western political model of multi-party competition, general elections and the separation of powers. At the same time, it stresses political reform, particularly the reform of state governance.
If you look at Chinese politics over the last 30 plus years solely from the Western perspective of multi-party competition, general elections and the separation of the three powers, you could well conclude that nothing has changed. However, if you look at it from the perspective of modernizing state governance, you will discover that Chinese political life has undergone tremendous changes during that time.
We can see enormous changes, for example, in terms of the rule of law, public participation, democratic decision making, social governance, public services, government accountability, political transparency, administrative efficiency, government approval procedures, decentralization and the development of social organizations. There is a clear direction here: from unity to diversity, from centralization to decentralization of power, from the rule of man to the rule of law, from being closed to being open, and from regulatory government to service-oriented government.
The success of China's economic development and social transformation, and its ability to continue its long-term economic development while maintaining basic stability, derives to a large extent from successful reform over the years of China's governance.
A BALANCE BETWEEN STATE, MARKET AND CIVIL SOCIETY
There are three important findings from China's experience of reform to bear in mind in the years ahead.
First, the structural foundation of modern society is the differentiation between the political, economic and civil system.
In pre-modern society, the government, the market and society were intimately integrated; there was no clear boundary between political, economic and social systems; civil society and economic society were obliterated by political society, and the state controlled everything in society. However, after the human race entered the modern age, society began to be segmented into three mutually independent realms: the state system, which has government organizations as its foundation and officials as its main representatives; the market system, which has business organizations as its foundation and business people as its main representatives; and civil society, which has nongovernmental organizations as its foundation and citizens as its main representatives.
The basic function of the modern state is to demarcate boundaries of the powers and responsibilities of the government, the market and society. Its basic mission is to render unto the government what belongs to the government, render unto the market what belongs to the market and render unto society what belongs to society.
Second, the state governance system is a set of institutions and procedures for standardizing the functions of social powers, and safeguarding public order. It includes a set of institutions and procedures for standardizing administrative, market and social conduct.
Correspondingly, government, market and social governance are the three most important sub-systems of a modern governance system. That is to say, a state governance system is a system of institutions made up of the state's administrative, economic and social systems.
Effective state governance requires the answer to three questions: Who governs? How do they govern? And how well do they govern? These three questions pertain to the three main elements of state governance: the governing body, governing institutions and governing tools.
Third, neither the government, the market nor society is omnipotent; it is necessary for them to be complementary and balanced. In pre-modern society, government was effectively omnipotent and its powers were unlimited. However, in modern society, not only is government not omnipotent, but the scope of its powers is also constantly contracting and the constraints civil society and the market system impose on it are constantly increasing.
It is not only the government that is not omnipotent; but also the market and society.
As this situation is prone to result in human error, two things need to be done to overcome failure: one, the government, market and society need to cooperate and use their strengths to compensate for the others' weaknesses; and two, there should be equilibrium among the three.
"State governance fails if the government becomes too powerful and also if it becomes too weak."
State governance fails if the government becomes too powerful and also if it becomes too weak. However, the allotment of powers between the government, the market and society in state governance should be expected to vary between different countries and within the same country at different stages when national conditions differ. Today, in China, the CCP and the government play an overwhelming role in the country's governance.
Stated simply, the ideal of good governance is governance in which public interests are maximized. Its basic characteristic is that the relationships between the state, the market and society are the best they can be so that each segment can coordinate in governing social and political affairs.
However, governments have always been without question by far the most powerful segment of society, and no other can be considered their equal. Therefore, in modern state governance, the government, still plays a larger role than the market and society. In other words, the key to good governance is good government, and if you want to have good governance you must first have good government.
This article is adapted from a longer piece in China US Focus. See more here .
More:

Congress heads for split in T.N.Updated: November 2, 2014 03:10 IST
Congress heads for split in T.N.
Sruthisagar Yamunan
Tweet
The Hindu Congress leader G.K. Vasan greets his supporters after a press conference in Chennai on Saturday. Photo: K. Pichumani
“I will announce my next plan of action on November 3,” Tamil Nadu Congress leader and former Union Minister G.K. Vasan said in Chennai on Saturday after holding consultations with his supporters for the second day. File photo: B. Velankanni Raj
TOPICS
state politics
Former Union Minister G K Vasan hinted at the revival of the Tamil Maanila Congress (TMC), launched by his father, the late G.K. Moopanar
The Congress in Tamil Nadu looks set for another major split with the former Union Minister G.K. Vasan on Saturday hitting out at the All India Congress Committee (AICC) for neglecting issues of the State and hinting at the revival of the Tamil Maanila Congress (TMC), launched by his father, the late G.K. Moopanar, just before the 1996 general elections.
Mr. Vasan’s outburst on Saturday came after Congress president Sonia Gandhi accepted the resignation of B.S. Gnanadesikan as TNCC president and replaced him with Mr. Vasan’s long-time rival and former Union Minister, E.V.K.S. Elangovan.
Invoking the ‘Valamana Tamizhagam, Valimayana Bharatham’ (Prosperous Tamil Nadu, Strong India) slogan — coined by Moopanar during the launch of the TMC in 1996 — Mr. Vasan told reporters here shortly after the appointment of Mr. Elangovan that the actions of the AICC over the last few years had been “against the sentiments” of party workers and the people of Tamil Nadu.
Asked if he would launch a new party, Mr. Vasan said he would hold discussions with his supporters and announce the next step on Monday.

New insider trading norms on the anvilNew insider trading norms on the anvil; delisting to get easier
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 03.35PM IST
Tags:
Delisting
(Sebi is also in favour of…)
NEW DELHI: In its efforts to make listed firms more responsible towards investors, Sebi may announce new insider trading norms as early as next week and also revamp the listing as well as delisting regulations.
The changes are being made after taking into account suggestions made by the industry and other stakeholders -- including market entities and investors -- and are aimed at protecting the interest of minority investors without making the regulatory compliance cumbersome for the companies.
These new norms -- to check insider trading menace, to enforce better compliance to continuous listing regulations and to revamp delisting norms for a faster and easier process for those desiring to delist from the stock market -- will be put up for approval of Sebi's board in its next meeting.
Sources said that the final sets of regulations in all these areas may be in place this month itself, beginning as early as next week.
The proposed tightening of norms assumes significance in the wake of Sebi coming across cases of insider trading at not just small companies, but at big corporates as well.
Besides, another set of new regulations would help Sebi take prompter and stricter action against the entities found to be violating listing norms.
"We are revising our prevention of insider trading regulations because we have discovered cases ... unfortunately the cases are not just from small companies but also from big ones," Sebi Chairman U K Sinha recently said.
The new insider trading norms, which would replace nearly two-decade-old rules in this area, would be substantially based on recommendations of an expert committee constituted by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and the suggestions made thereafter to this panel's draft proposals.
The panel, chaired by former Chief Justice of Karnataka and Kerala High Courts, K Sodhi, was set up to review the Sebi (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992.
The new listing regulations would focus on dealing with possible violations of corporate governance norms by listed firms, including those about inadequate or faulty disclosures, related party transactions, anomalies in board constitutions.
Besides Sodhi panel, Sebi's International Advisory Board (IAB) has also suggested significant changes in insider trading norms to bring them at par with global best practices.
Insider trading -- dealing in securities with prior access to unpublished price-sensitive information -- has been attracting regulatory attention worldwide. However, certain outdated provisions of existing norms have been misused by the offenders to escape regulatory action.
The new norms can also put in place specific guidelines for holding of AGMs, about which Sebi Chairman recently said that there was a need for better governance practices at listed companies and shareholders' meetings should not be like "chai and samosa parties".
Sebi is also in favour of onus being put more on the promoters or the top executives, rather than the companies as a whole, when it comes to penalties.
Under the new regulatory regime, the listing agreement would be replaced by 'listing regulations'. The existing listing agreement is an agreement with companies and exchanges, but it would now have "a force of regulations" for more effective compliance.
The new delisting norms, on the other hand, would make it easier for those companies with limited trading in their shares to exit from the stock market arena. It has been proposed to considerably shorten the entire delisting process.
The current delisting regulations were put in place in 2009 and facilitates removal of the securities of a listed company from a stock exchange with promoters buying out shares held by minority shareholders.
The changes in Sebi's delisting norms are being considered to harmonise them with other regulations, including the new Companies Act and other regulations of Sebi itself such as takeover and buyback norms.
Sebi has also received representations from industry bodies and various companies to make delisting norms easier and cost-effective for them.
The main area of concern for the companies has been the norms related to offer price at which promoters are required to buy out the shares of public shareholders.
There is a view that the process can be made easier and more cost-effective for cases when promoters are forced to delist their companies on account of factors like persistent losses, long-running trading suspension and major violations to regulations.
The grounds on which delisting are allowed include: the company having incurred losses during three consecutive years and having a negative networth, trading in shares having remained suspended for more than six months, infrequent trading for three years, and promoters or directors having been convicted for various rules with considerable penalties.
Besides, the companies are also required to get delisted in the event of their public shareholding falling below minimum threshold limits, which is 25 per cent for private sector and 10 per cent for public sector companies.
A voluntary delisting needs a special resolution to be passed by public shareholders, where votes cast in favour of the proposal requires to be at least two times the number of votes cast against it. The company promoters are required to purchase all outstanding shares of willing shareholders at a price determined in accordance with various norms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Action on climate can boost economy: Ban Ki-...After years of preparation, negotiations are heading for a climax in Paris in Dec 2015, where hope is to seal a global pact that will effect from 2020
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
COPENHAGEN: UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon today threw his weight behind a massive report on climate change, saying that putting the brakes on carbon emissions would help economic growth and health.
"Human influence on the climate system is clear, and clearly growing," Ban said at a press conference marking the final chapter in a major report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).
"I am really adding my political voice to what scientists have been working very, very hard (on)," he said.
"Action on climate change can contribute to economic prosperity, better health and more liveable cities."
Ban has made climate change a hallmark of his tenure at the United Nations .
On September 23, he hosted a special summit to pique top-level interest in negotiations under the UN's Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).
World talks have been troubled for years over which countries must shoulder the burden for reducing greenhouse-gas emissions - the heat-trapping fossil-fuel gases driving global warming.
After years of preparation, the negotiations are heading for a climax in Paris in December 2015, where the hope is to seal a global pact that will take effect from 2020.
An important stepping stone in the process will be a new round taking place in Lima from December 1-12.
UNFCCC chief Christiana Figueres said the IPCC report - issued in volumes over the last 13 months - was a powerful contribution.
"There is a strong head of positive steam building towards Lima and Paris," Figueres said in a statement.
"The IPCC has and will continue to play a crucial role in bringing forward the science upon which the transformational policies needed to realise a low-carbon, and ultimately climate-neutral world in the second half of the century, can be forged."

India  Mauritius to cooperate to safeguard I...You are here: Home > Collections > Mauritius
India to cooperate with Mauritius to safeguard Indian Ocean
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 10.57PM IST
Tags:
External Affairs Minister
("Maritime security is of…)
PORT LOUIS: The Indian Navy is committed to ensuring the safety and security of the strategically vital Indian Ocean region in cooperation with the coast guards of Mauritius, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said today.
"Maritime security is of vital significance for an island nation like Mauritius as well as for a country with a vast coastline like India," Swaraj said in her speech here.
"A large part of our trade passes through the vast expanse of the Indian Ocean. Safety and security of the sea-lanes is thus indispensable for our territorial, economic and energy security," she added.
"The Indian Navy is committed to ensuring the safety and security of these sea-lanes in cooperation with the National Coast Guard of Mauritius," she said.
Swaraj is on a three-day visit to the Indian Ocean nation, to celebrate 'Apravasi Divas', marking 180 years since the first Indian indentured labourers arrived in Mauritius.
Three ships from the Western Fleet of the Indian Navy namely, INS Mumbai, INS Deepak and INS Talwar were also docked in Mauritian waters today to enhance and deepen security ties.
"These ships have been deployed to Mauritius with a view to qualitatively enhancing our long standing and multi-faceted cooperation in ensuring peace, stability and maritime security in the Indian Ocean region," Swaraj said.
"This will go a long way in further strengthening our deep-rooted cooperation and that our friendship, including in defence sector, will grow from strength to strength in times to come," she added.
Earlier in the day Swaraj met Mauritian President Rajkeswur Purryag and Prime Minister Navinchandra Ramgoolam and discussed bilateral and regional issues of common interest.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIC cuts stake in Tata Chem by over 2%LIC cuts stake in Tata Chem by over 2%
IDFC plans to hire 1500 personnel for bankin...You are here: Home > Collections > Lenders
IDFC plans to hire 1500 personnel for banking operations
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 12.23AM IST
Tags:
Banking operations
(IDFC was selected along…)
MUMBAI: As it readies to convert itself into a full-fledged bank, IDFC has said it will be hiring around 1,500 professionals in the run-up to the launch.
"At present we are 600 at the group level and are looking at hiring 1500 more before launching our banking operations ," the infra lender's group chief financial officer Sunil Kakar said over the weekend.
He said a bulk of the hiring will happen in the next fiscal, as the company approaches the October 1 deadline it has set for itself to launch the bank.
Managing director and chief executive Vikram Limaye said the senior management team, which includes a majority of the department heads, has already been hired and the company will be recruiting the remaining talent in a structured manner so as to not affect its costs.
Justifying the massive hiring, he claimed that the company's cost-to-income ratio at around 16 per cent is very low.
IDFC was selected along with micro-lender Bandhan to start a bank with universal offerings by the RBI in April in the first round of bank licensing that came in after 2002-03.
The in-principle nod, given in April, is valid for 18 months. There have been doubts about the new players poaching talent from the existing lenders. However, all the existing lenders, especially those from the private space, have dismissed such concerns till now.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IS jihadists carry out mass killings of Iraq...Islamic State  jihadists carry out mass killings of Iraqi tribe
By AFP | 3 Nov, 2014, 01.03AM IST
0
Share More
Women and children were said to be among scores of Albu Nimr tribespeople executed over the past 10 days in western Iraq's Anbar province.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BAGHDAD: The Islamic State group has carried out a fresh wave of mass killings, officials said Sunday, executing more than 200 members of an Iraqi tribe which took up arms against the jihadists.
Women and children were said to be among scores of Albu Nimr tribespeople executed over the past 10 days in western Iraq's Anbar province.
Reports of the killings came with the country on edge as hundreds of thousands of Shiites prepare to travel to shrine city Karbala this week for a major annual pilgrimage.
IS, a Sunni extremist group that has seized large parts of Iraq and Syria, is expected to target Ashura pilgrims, and 13 people died in an attack on Shiites on Sunday.
The executions in Anbar came after Sunni Albu Nimr tribesmen took up arms against IS in the province, large parts of which have been overrun by the jihadists.
Accounts varied as to the number and timings of the executions, but all sources spoke of more than 200 people murdered in recent days.
Police Colonel Shaaban al-Obaidi told AFP that more than 200 people were killed, while Faleh al-Essawi, deputy head of Anbar provincial council, put the toll at 258.
The killings are probably aimed at discouraging resistance from powerful local tribes in Anbar.
IS also detained dozens of members of the Jubur tribe in Salaheddin province, north of Baghdad, officials and a tribal leader said.
Jubur tribesmen and security forces have been holding out for months against IS in the provincial town of Dhuluiyah.
Pro-government forces have suffered a string of setbacks in Anbar in recent weeks, prompting warnings that the province, which stretches from the borders with Jordan and Saudi Arabia to the western approach to Baghdad, could fall entirely.
Security forces who wilted before a lightning IS offensive in June are fighting to retake territory seized by the jihadists in Iraq's Sunni Arab heartland.
IS has declared an Islamic "caliphate" in territory it controls, imposing its harsh interpretation of sharia law and committing widespread atrocities.
Like other Sunni extremist groups, IS considers Shiites to be heretics and frequently attacks them, posing a major threat to the Ashura religious commemorations which peak on Tuesday.
A car bomb targeting Shiites in Baghdad ahead of Ashura killed at least 13 people on Sunday, officials said, while a city centre car bombing near a police checkpoint killed at least five.
The pilgrimage is a major test for the new government headed by Prime Minister Haidar al-Abadi and for the security forces.
On the Syria-Turkey border, meanwhile, some 150 Iraqi peshmerga fighters were preparing to bolster fellow Kurds in battling IS for the town of Kobane, after crossing the frontier late on Friday.
Syrian Kurdish militia have held off an IS offensive there for more than six weeks, and Kobane has become a crucial symbol in the anti-jihadist struggle.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a Britain-based monitor, reported fierce clashes in the town's centre, north, south and Kurdish fighters shelling IS positions to its east.
Page 1 of 2

India s shrinking democratic spaceIndia s shrinking democratic space
BoJ battles entrenched  deflation mindsetCheaper tomorrow? Bank of Japan battles entrenched 'deflation mindset'
By Reuters | 3 Nov, 2014, 03.12AM IST
0
Share More
'It won't do much good in trying to shake off the public's deflation mindset if you just say inflation will reach 2 per cent some day.'
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda does not need to convince Japanese people like Kazue Shibata that deflation brings problems, but getting them to believe that higher prices will make things better is proving to be a harder sell.
Shibata, 65, who runs a small dress shop in central Tokyo, worries the BOJ's mission to hit a 2-percent inflation target could end up driving business away unless people also have more money in their pockets.
"If prices rise, people might not buy as much," she said, echoing a concern of many private-sector economists.
On Friday, Kuroda's BOJ doubled down on a high-stakes bet that the central bank can shake Japan's consumers from a defensive set of expectations hardened by a decade and a half of era of falling prices, lower incomes and stop-and-go growth.
"It's important for the BOJ to strongly commit to achieving its price target to get that price target firmly embedded in people's mindset," Kuroda said at a news conference on Friday, after the BOJ stunned markets with an unexpected expansion of its monetary stimulus programme.
"It won't do much good in trying to shake off the public's deflation mindset if you just say inflation will reach 2 percent some day," Kuroda said.
At the core of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's "Abenomics" agenda is the assumption that the outlook for sustained inflation will prompt consumers to anticipate rising prices, and that consumption will rise as a result.
That represents a sea change for a country used to deflation, where clinging to cash today meant greater buying power tomorrow, a set of expectations that has proven hard to shake a year-and-a-half into an unprecedented easing by the BOJ.
Japan's economy, which has been hit by four recessions since 2000, is now on track to grow just 0.5 percent in the year to March, according to a revised projection by the central bank.
Shibata, who has run a shop in Tokyo's Higashi Azabu neighbourhood offering ready-to-wear attire and custom-made items for about three decades, has seen the pain from that kind of slow growth - and falling prices - on her business.
"The prices people were willing to pay for order-made clothes fell, until they were almost the same as ready-to-wear," said Shibata, sitting in a cushioned chair next to her sewing machine.
BEEN DOWN SO LONG
In announcing its programme of expanded asset purchases, the BOJ stuck with projections that it could hit Kuroda's 2-percent inflation in the fiscal year beginning next April.
But Japan's annual core consumer inflation slowed for a second straight month in September, adding to scepticism among economists that goal is within reach.
Moreover, the UTokyo Daily Price Index, a gauge maintained by economists at the University of Tokyo that tracks point-of-sales data for as many as 200,000 food items and daily necessities, has trended downwards after a spike in spring linked to a hike in the sales tax. That means that the falling prices people see every day reinforce the kind of "deflation mindset" that Kuroda hopes to break.
Kaoru Sakai, 65, who runs a hair salon in Tokyo's Nakano district, did not raise prices even after the national sales tax was raised to 8 percent to 5 percent in April, worried the sticker shock could scare away business.
"The fact is that people don't feel confident about the future," Sakai said. "Our society and economy has tilted people towards lower-end options. For example, it's like people choosing to eat at fast-food places, or standing-only soba shops even when they could, realistically, eat at proper restaurants."
Unless Japanese people see real progress in solving fundamental problems, such as lack of wage growth, a shrinking manufacturing base, and an unsustainable welfare system, many might prefer the problem they know to the one Kuroda hopes will replace it.
Classical economics would argue that consumers should welcome deflation, because it increases their purchasing power, an argument some consumers echo.
"Deflation reflects the underlying economy. Our population is decreasing, production is low and we're not seeing innovation. We are losing power compared with other countries," said Yohei Tanaka, 33, an accountant in Tokyo, who said his salary has not risen since Abe took office in December 2012.
"I don't think this is the time to drive the economy to inflation. I don't think inflation is the end solution. Deflation, in a certain way, is good."

Saudi bank ends  mother of all  share offersMother of all IPOs: Saudi Arabia's National Commercial Bank's share offer oversubscribed by 16 times
By AFP | 3 Nov, 2014, 02.44AM IST
0
Share More
The initial public offering by the NCB, which was hoping to raise $6 billion, is one of the largest in the world this year and the biggest in the kingdom's history.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
RIYADH: A share offer by Saudi Arabia's National Commercial Bank was 16 times oversubscribed late Sunday, in what one financial analyst called "the mother of all IPOs".
The initial public offering by the NCB, which was hoping to raise $6 billion, is one of the largest in the world this year and the biggest in the kingdom's history.
In preliminary figures on the final day of the offer, NCB said subscribers had reached 1.166 million for a value of 215.76 billion riyals ($57.54 billion).
Beginning on October 19, NCB offered 300 million shares to the Saudi public at 45 riyals each.
Final figures from the offer will be released within a few days, the bank said in a statement obtained by AFP.
"This is the mother of all IPOs," said Beshr Bakheet of the privately held Osool and Bakheet Investment Company.
But he cautioned that the value is exaggerated because banks offered generous loans to people wishing to buy the shares.
They are expected to begin trading on the country's Tadawul All-Shares Index, the largest Arab bourse, within one or two weeks.
Bakheet said the shares were sold at a discount and he expects their price to double from the offered 45 riyals when trading starts, potentially valuing the public portion of the issue at $7.2 billion.
An additional 200 million shares are allocated to the state pension fund.
While the value was unprecedented, the number of subscribers was slightly below normal for the kingdom. That figure could still rise to two or three million when final figures are in, Bakheet said.
NCB is the last of 12 Saudi banks to go public. Only three of them are fully compliant with Islamic sharia laws.
The investor interest came despite a ruling from the kingdom's top Muslim cleric that the share offer is forbidden under Islam, which bans usury.
Chinese online giant Alibaba, which made its market debut in September, broke the record for the largest IPO offering when it raised $25.02 billion.

Column: Why does black money matterColumn: Why does black money matter
Hong Kong police charge British banker with double murderHong Kong police charge British banker with double murder
UK trip to be Mistrys litmus testE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Confused Indian spectators told Chinese tyre has burstVisitors at Attari after the explosion Sunday. (PTI)
Written by Navjeevan Gopal | Amritsar | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:51 am
As indian’s gathered on this side of the border for the retreat ceremony at the Attari-Wagah border panicked on hearing a loud explosion Sunday evening, the BSF personnel present there assured them saying it could be a tyre blast. Pakistani traders bringing in trade consignments used “Chinese tyres”, they explained to scared spectators.
A sports teacher, Lakshami Kant Bhandari was accompanying a group of students from a Mumbai school for the ceremony. She said they could not watch the ceremony as they were told the spectators’ gallery was full. “After the retreat ceremony was over, we were allowed to go near the gates as those who had witnessed the retreat ceremony were returning. As we were heading towards the gates, there was an explosion. The ground beneath our feet shook. We suspected it was an attack on the Pakistani side. A BSF official told us it was a tyre blast as trucks bringing consignments to India through the Attari Integrated Check Post used Chinese tyres. I was not convinced, however, as I had seen flames erupting on the Pakistani side. Then a woman BSF official told us to go back for safety.”
Sana, who is in Class IX of the school, said they had heard “as many as three blasts”.
The blast occurred at 6.12 pm. The retreat ceremony was over by about 5.30 pm.
The stadium at Attari border, from where visitors see the retreat ceremony, can house about 5,000 visitors, but most days it gets many more people.
BSF officials said they had already stepped up security measures after learning about heightened alert on Pakistani side following threats from the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan.

13 Muslims in BJPs J&K list of 4513 Muslims in BJP’s J&K list of 45
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar |       November 3, 2014 3:39 am
Comments
The BJP on Sunday released the list of 45 candidates for Assembly elections in the state. Having decided to contest on all the seats, the party has given a chance to several fresh candidates. Among those who figured in the list are 13 Muslim candidates including a woman Hina Bhat.
The BJP’s central election committee meet in New Delhi under the presidentship of  Amit Shah was also attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
The party has also awarded ticket to former Congress MP Lal Singh from Basholi and former Congress leader R S Pathania from Ramnagar. In Jammu, sitting Assembly members have been given tickets.
In Srinagar, the party has chosen fresh candidates and migrant pandits besides four senior Muslim leaders Fayaz Bhat, Sofi Yosuf, Nazir Raina and Mushtaq Noorabadi who will contest from Devsar, Pahalgam, Kangan and Noorabad respectively. Hina Bhat, daughter of former NC leader Shafi Bhat, who joined BJP recently has been given ticket from Amira Kadal. From Habba Kadal, which has over 16,000 migrant pandits, the party has fielded Moti Kaul.
“We had sent four names for each constituency and the party has decided to field candidates who can win,” BJP media incharge Altaf Thakur said. He said candidates for the remaining seats will be decided in a few days.

BJP names 63 candidates in Jkhand  skips 5 AJSU seatsBJP names 63 candidates in J’khand, skips 5 AJSU seats
Written by Deepu Sebastian Edmond | Ranchi |       November 3, 2014 3:40 am
Comments
The BJP on Sunday evening released its first list of 63 candidates for the Jharkhand Assembly polls. The list included the name of an outgoing Congress MLA who had featured in the Congress’s list on Saturday. The leader had defected to the BJP earlier on Sunday.
Party sources say the rest of names for the House of 81 will be announced later as the discussions for a pre-poll alliance with the AJSU Party are on. The AJSU, which has demanded 10 seats, currently has six legislators. The BJP’s list does not mention candidates in five of the six AJSU seats – in Hatia, which the latter won in a bypoll, the BJP has named Seema Sharma.
All the major leaders of the state have been awarded seats, including Arjun Munda, Raghubar Das and Saryu Rai. The party has decided to retain 12 of its 18 MLAs. Two of the six were not given seats for extraneous reasons – Laxman Gilua became an MP after the Lok Sabha elections while Jharia’s Kunti Singh has managed to get son Sanjeev Singh to replace her. Baidyanath Ram of Latehar, a minister in the Arjun Munda cabinet, is one of the four to lose his ticket.
Of the four former bureaucrats who joined the party ahead of the polls, former cabinet affairs secretary J B Tubid will contest from Chaibasa while former ADGP Amitabh Choudhary, IG Laxman Singh and IG Sheetal Oraon have been ignored. The BJP has not yet announced anyone for Lohargada – the seat Oraon wants – as it is held by the AJSU.
Among those who got tickets are six outgoing MLAs who have defected: Anant Pratap Deo who was the Congress MLA from Bhawanathpur, two former JMM MLAs and three from the JVM(P). Deo, who also featured in the Congress list of 14 names released on Saturday, had defected to the BJP on Sunday afternoon.
JPP releases first list of candidates
Jamshedpur: The Jharkhand People’s Party (JPP) Sunday released its first list of candidates for the 10 Assembly constituencies, including six ST seats, for the upcoming Assembly elections in the state. JPP, which has already announced to contest all the 81 Assembly seats on its own, declared party chief Surya Singh Besra as its chief ministerial candidate. Addressing a press conference, Besra said the first list of 10 candidates had been finalised while screening of candidates for the remaining seats is on.    (PTI)

Suicide attack at Wagah border in Pak kills 55Suicide attack at Wagah border in Pak kills 55
Tunisia police kill six ahead of pollTunisia police kill six militants in operation ahead of election
Heba Saleh in Tunis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b12f76e-5b7c-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tunisians vote in landmark electionsTunisia goes to polls in landmark elections
Heba Saleh in Tunis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/862fb824-5cf8-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tunisia secular party claims poll victoryTunisia secular party claims victory in parliamentary polls
Heba Saleh in Tunis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c285f20e-5dd7-11e4-b7a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Standard Chartered profits slide© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bad82c58-5e71-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

StanChart faces US sanctions probeStanChart faces US sanctions probe
Kara Scannell in New York and Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24b84534-604a-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

StanCharts NY settlement draws UAE ire© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c1fa566-2949-11e4-baec-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China bonds draw interest despite defaultsChina bonds draw interest from foreign investors despite defaults
Madison Marriage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16117a10-6026-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jefferies chiefs take drug testsJefferies chiefs take drug tests to refute allegations
Tom Braithwaite and Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4d75d8fe-6137-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nokia Chennai shutdownchennai...november    Cached
While India’s new government is putting focus on ‘Make-in-India’ norm, Nokia said that it will shut down its Chennai plant from November 1 owing to tax disputes.

Jefferies revenues hit record $835mJefferies revenues hit record $835m
By Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b0101ac8-32df-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former Jefferies bond trader convictedFormer Jefferies bond trader convicted
By Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/455bdcce-a646-11e3-9818-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lieutenant Colonel takes control in Burkina FasoNovember 1, 2014 3:26 pm
Burkina Faso army backs presidential guard to lead transition
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/676e3e8a-61d8-11e4-811b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Branson path offers few destination cluesBranson’s familiar path offers limited clues into the future
Robert Wright in New York
Virgin Galactic founder shows a preference for industry partners
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/79e0fcb4-61f7-11e4-95f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

People making profits: The best-performing CEOs in the worldTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Bob Dylans legendary Basement TapesBob Dylan’s legendary Basement Tapes
Peter Aspden
Almost 50 years after they were recorded, the songs from the famous Big Pink sessions can be heard in full for the first time
©Elliott Landy/Magnum Photos
Bob Dylan in Woodstock, 1968
Wired, pale, exhausted and curdling in cynicism, Bob Dylan cut a sorry figure at the end of his 1966 tour of Europe. The near-hysterical polemics over whether he should be playing acoustic or electric guitar were being played out as if the cultural destiny of the world were at stake. Dylan had had enough. “I’m gonna get a new Bob Dylan,” he says in a bitter backstage moment captured in Martin Scorsese’s bio-documentary No Direction Home. “Use the new Bob Dylan – see how long he lasts.”
The old Bob Dylan seemed intent on further self-destruction on his arrival back in the US. In July he was seriously injured when the wheel of his Triumph Tiger motorcycle locked and sent him hurtling to the ground near his home in Woodstock, New York. It was a turning point in his life. He wasn’t to tour again for eight years. Rumours abounded that he was a spent creative force; or that he had been hideously disfigured, or killed.
More
To sell or not to sell
What Dylan did next was much more interesting than that. In the beginning of 1967, he called the musicians with whom he had been touring, the Hawks, and asked them to come to his house to work on some new music. Within weeks, they moved to Big Pink, a rented house in nearby West Saugerties. In the next few months, they recorded more than 100 songs, many of them newly written by Dylan himself. Far from being spent, he was reborn.
The music made during that sojourn has become known as the Basement Tapes, after the cramped space in which the songs – nine tape reels’ worth – were recorded. The sessions acquired instant fame, not because they were released to an expectant public, but because they weren’t. It was never Dylan’s intention, nor that of his fellow band members, Robbie Robertson, Garth Hudson, Richard Manuel, Rick Danko and later Levon Helm, to expose this work to the crazed audiences which had nearly destroyed him a year earlier.
Instead, recording the Basement Tapes became an act of therapy. Dylan, in a phrase which has since become a rock-music cliché but wasn’t then, went back to his roots. This was the first time that a major rock star had wilfully stopped his world because he wanted to get off. The rest of the rock scene was, in 1967, entering its baroque phase. It was stretching itself to the limit: it celebrated psychedelia and hippiedom; it swirled self-indulgently around musical virtuosity and lyrical obtuseness (to which Dylan himself, in his 1966 album Blonde on Blonde, had contributed in no small measure).
©Elliott Landy/Magnum Photos
Dylan and the Band at Carnegie Hall, New York, in 1968
At Big Pink, however, Dylan travelled in precisely the opposite direction. He and his sympathetic comrades, who would catch the newfound mood of stripped-back simplicity by renaming themselves the Band, dived into the back catalogue of American folk, country, blues and gospel music. Through their workout, they made new music, some of it among the very best that Dylan has ever written.
Some of that music was subsequently released, either in official form, notably on 1975’s double album The Basement Tapes, which brought together 16 Dylan-sung tracks with eight new recordings by the Band, or in the countless bootlegs that leaked from the sessions. One of those, Great White Wonder, became the most sought-after illegal recording in rock history. It was, if you were in the know, not so difficult to find. But as a young schoolboy, I wasn’t, and hankered after it throughout the early 1970s with a solemn desperation. Subsequent releases were sporadic and incomplete. Many of the songs recorded at Big Pink have not been heard to this day.
The access-all-areas culture of the 21st century does not much care for the unavailable, however, and Dylan’s record company, Columbia, has now, 47 years after the recording of the Basement Tapes, finally succumbed to frustrated demand by releasing The Basement Tapes Complete, a definitive release of every usable track from the legendary sessions. Here in six CDs is everything that happened in those fertile months of Dylan’s rehabilitation. It is a vital document of postwar musical archaeology.
. . .
©Getty
The singer in London in 1966
Many of the novelties contained in the set, compiled under the supervision of the Band’s organist Garth Hudson and record producer and archivist Jan Haust, are, ironically, technological. Ironic, because quality of production was never a serious consideration while these songs were being recorded. While the music world was getting increasingly obsessed by the sophisticated sounds of the studio, Dylan and his fellow musicians were focused almost entirely on “feel” at Big Pink.
And yet the colourful history of the reels, told in detail in the accompanying booklet by Clinton Heylin, Dylan’s most capable biographer, took its toll. One reel spent several years in Neil Young’s ranch, just about the right vibe for it but perhaps not kept under ideal storage conditions. The tapes have been stripped and cleaned, any extraneous overdubs removed, and mono mixes rebalanced to reflect the original recordings. While they still sound like demos and tryouts, they sound like they matter. The Band’s playing, not least Hudson’s playful keyboard embellishments, is revealed in all its elegance.
There are more treats: we get one of Dylan’s greatest middle period songs, “I’m Not There”, previously released in 2007 for the eponymous Todd Haynes movie but sounding more splendid than ever here. There is the gospel-infused “Sign on the Cross”; alternative takes of the magnificent “Tears of Rage” and the cheerful “Open the Door, Homer”.
There is the simple, and sadly unfamiliar, sound of Dylan having fun. He bursts out laughing in mid-verse on more than one occasion. He plays with nonsense lyrics, as on an early version of “You Ain’t Goin’ Nowhere”:
Now look here dear Sue,
You best feed the cat,
The cat needs feeding,
You’re the one to do it,
Get your hat,
You ain’t goin’ nowhere.
©Elliott Landy/Magnum Photos
The Band in Woodstock, 1969
No one is going to put that forward in support of Dylan’s award of the Nobel Prize for literature but you can’t help smiling. This is Dylan the anti-eloquent; the folk musician, as he put it in 2004 in the first part of his autobiography Chronicles , “who gazed into the grey mist with tear-blinded eyes and made up songs that floated in a luminous haze”. The spokesman for his generation, who wished for nothing more passionately than his dethroning.
In “Clothes Line Saga”, to a slothful backing, Dylan both advertises and satirises his newfound contentment with domestic minutiae:
After a while, we took in the clothes,
Nobody said very much.
Just some old wild shirts and a couple of
pairs of pants,
Which nobody really wanted to touch.
He sounds happy. Bored and happy.
Dylan’s reverence for America’s musical history is clear. He and his group try their hands at sea shanties, antebellum saloon songs, Mississippi work songs, blues and country standards. They performed covers of songs by Hank Williams, Curtis Mayfield, Johnny Cash, Woody Guthrie, Patsy Cline, John Lee Hooker, Fats Domino and Pete Seeger. Dylan takes on Cash’s “Folsom Prison Blues”, perhaps just to try out the song’s most chilling line for size: “But I shot a man in Reno, just to watch him die”.
. . .
Cover of the 1975 double album of The Basement Tapes
The Basement Tapes Complete is a box set for the already-converted. I would never recommend it to anyone unfamiliar with Dylan’s work, who is in the fortunate position of having much greater treasures to discover. And yet, if nothing else, the set stands as a testament to what has happened to rock music since its recording. As it becomes increasingly difficult to imagine how it happened in the first place, the story behind its making assumes a near-mythological status.
None of the circumstances that led to Dylan’s retreat makes any sense today: the pressures that prompted his near-breakdown, not the mere pressures of celebrity but a sense of cultural expectation that must have been unbearable; the subsequent hiding away with friends, and his engaging of a reverse gear that would take his own music into a new direction; his wilful refusal to commit any of this process to public scrutiny.
Today’s popular music landscape is the polar opposite of Dylan’s experimental sideshow in Woodstock. In the television talent shows that dominate the sales charts, there is an obsession with process, a scrutiny of the brittle architecture of pop stardom, a disregard for genuine innovation. Not only are the programme-makers unembarrassed by lack of originality, they make a virtue out of it: Lennon-McCartney week, Motown week and so on.
Hardly fair, you may think, to compare what Dylan was doing and the impulses behind The X Factor. And yet: at the end of 1967, Hudson made a reference copy of 15 of the best songs from the Basement sessions, which was sent around to assess if there was any interest from others to cover them. This, Dylan said in 1984, had been the intention all along. “They were just songs we had done for the publishing company . . . for other artists to record those songs. I wouldn’t have put them out.”
Much as the pop world remained confused by what Dylan was up to, it responded. And so it came to pass that two Basement Tapes songs, “Quinn the Eskimo” and “This Wheel’s on Fire” found their way to the top five of the UK singles charts in early 1968, covered by Manfred Mann and Julie Driscoll respectively. The latter song became the theme tune of the 1990s sitcom Absolutely Fabulous. As well as everything else, the Basement sessions were also the tentative beginnings of a hit factory.
Today that synergy between the relaxed musings of a genius-at-rest and the sharp edge of commercial hit-making has been lost, and it is hard not to lament its passing. But the Basement Tapes had a still wider impact on the rock scene. It encouraged many acts who had sprung to improbable levels of fame so quickly, to sit back and retrench. Hence The Beatles’ “Get Back” project; the Rolling Stones shacking up in the south of France to make Exile on Main Street; Led Zeppelin’s recordings at Bron-Yr-Aur in rural Wales.
Dylan’s musical investigations also prompted rock music to arrest its headlong rush and study its own history. From the Basement Tapes came the alt-country and Americana movements that continue to champion authenticity and musical integrity at the expense of commercial opportunism. That all this should be achieved without Facebook, or Twitter, or press releases; indeed without telling anybody anything, seems like a miracle to our information-soaked time. We thought that Dylan was counter-cultural back then. What does that make him now?
Having made the world a better place, Dylan re-emerged into the limelight a changed man. His next album would be John Wesley Harding, which was steeped in the spirituality he had encountered in his basement explorations. There would be some more failed experiments in the coming years, and then the triumph of 1975’s Blood on the Tracks. There was to be a startlingly rich Second Act to this American life, and here, in its messy, sprawling glory, is what happened backstage during the interval.
Bob Dylan’s ‘The Basement Tapes Complete: The Bootleg Series Vol 11’ (Sony) is released on November 4
Peter Aspden is the FT’s arts writer; he reviews ‘Let Me Be Frank with You’ by Richard Ford
Photographs: Elliott Landy/Magnum Photos; Getty/Hulton Archive
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Tax casts shadow over Dublins tech fairNovember 2, 2014 12:12 pm
Tax casts shadow over Dublin’s tech fair
Vincent Boland in Dublin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5fb7a296-610e-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gaelic football and hurling maintain ties with diasporaGaelic sports maintain ties with diaspora
Vincent Boland
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/efe7633e-509b-11e4-8645-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Workers from abroad continue to arrive in IrelandOctober 21, 2014 9:05 pm
Immigration continues despite tough times in Ireland
An FT reporter
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e05b4c02-52b5-11e4-9221-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Interview with Larry PageFacebook country
Mark Zuckerberg’s ‘nation state’ plans
Looking forward 100 years from now at the possibilities that are opening up, he says: “We could probably solve a lot of the issues we have as humans.”
It is a decade on from the first flush of idealism that accompanied its stock market listing, and all Google ’s talk of “don’t be evil” and “making the world a better place” has come to sound somewhat quaint. Its power and wealth have stirred resentment and brought a backlash , in Europe in particular, where it is under investigation for how it wields its monopoly power in internet search.
Page, however, is not shrinking an inch from the altruistic principles or the outsized ambitions that he and co-founder Sergey Brin laid down in seemingly more innocent times. “The societal goal is our primary goal,” he says. “We’ve always tried to say that with Google. I think we’ve not succeeded as much as we’d like.”
Even Google’s famously far-reaching mission statement, to “organise the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful”, is not big enough for what he now has in mind. The aim: to use the money that is spouting from its search advertising business to stake out positions in boom industries of the future, from biotech to robotics.
Asked whether this means Google needs a new mission statement, he says: “I think we do, probably.” As to what it should be: “We’re still trying to work that out.”
‘Basically, our goal is to organise the world’s information and to make it universally accessible and useful’ — 2001
When we met recently for a wide-ranging interview at his company’s Silicon Valley headquarters, Page displayed the characteristically tentative personal style that is a marked contrast to the definitive self-assurance of most corporate bosses. No doubt aware of the added responsibility that comes with running a company with 55,000 workers that is increasingly under the spotlight, he also chooses his words more carefully than he once did. But there has been no apparent change to the ambition and the expansiveness of his ideas – even if, as the father of two young children, he says he has become more conscious of long-term issues such as education.
Page finds himself at the helm of one of the world’s most powerful tech companies at a moment in history when the onrush of technological change is threatening to bring sweeping social and business disruption. Google’s goals are bigger than most – yet, even as it pours money into new ventures, the cash keeps piling up. It now exceeds $62bn.
“We’re in a bit of uncharted territory,” he says. “We’re trying to figure it out. How do we use all these resources . . . and have a much more positive impact on the world?” For Google’s investors, who have already become wary recently about the size of the company’s massive bets on the long-term future, this could be just the beginning.
As Page sees it, it all comes down to ambition – a commodity of which the world simply doesn’t have a large enough supply. In the midst of one of its periodic booms, Silicon Valley , still the epicentre of the tech business world, has become short-sighted, he says. While arguing that the Valley isn’t fundamentally “broken”, he agrees that it is overheated – though how much that matters is a different issue.
“There’s definitely a lot of capital and excitement, and these things tend to happen in cycles,” he says. “But 100 years from now you’re probably not going to care about that.”
©Steve Jennings/WireImage
‘You may think using Google’s great, but I still think it’s terrible’ — 2003
Much of the money pouring into the tech industry is drawn by the promise of easy profits from the latest consumer internet boom, he says. “You can make an internet company with 10 people and it can have billions of users. It doesn’t take much capital and it makes a lot of money – a really, really lot of money – so it’s natural for everyone to focus on those kinds of things.”
Page estimates that only about 50 investors are chasing the real breakthrough technologies that have the potential to make a material difference to the lives of most people on earth. If there is something holding these big ideas back, it is not a shortage of money or even the barrier of insurmountable technical hurdles. When breakthroughs of the type he has in mind are pursued, it is “not really being driven by any fundamental technical advance. It’s just being driven by people working on it and being ambitious,” he says. Not enough institutions – particularly governments – are thinking expansively enough about these issues: “We’re probably underinvested as a world in that.”
To the question of whether a private company, rather than governments, should be throwing its weight behind some of the world’s most long-range and ambitious science projects, he retorts: “Well, somebody’s got to do it.”
This is where Page’s engineer’s mind comes into play. The son of a computer science professor father, he likes, according to people who know him, nothing more in internal meetings than to burrow deep into technical issues. He describes, for instance, how he drills down into how Google’s data centres are run, following the issue of how much the company pays for power into questions about the design of electricity grids. With the right focus and application, he implies, there’s nothing that can’t be improved and made to run more efficiently.
©Getty
‘Lots of companies don’t succeed over time. What do they fundamentally do wrong? They usually miss the future’ — 2005
A recent visit to a start-up working on nuclear fusion has enthused him with the possibility of a breakthrough in low-cost energy. Another start-up has surprised him by being able to “read” the mind of a human subject being shown visual images. “A really smart group of committed people with $50m can make a lot of progress on some of these problems. But not enough of that’s happening,” he says.
Some of Google’s own big bets are in areas that he describes as being at the “fringes” – things that seem open to a technological solution but which, for some reason, have not received concerted attention. As examples, he picks self-driving cars and the diseases that afflict older people – the latter a field that his wife worked in at a lab at Stanford University. “It wasn’t a high-status thing,” he says. Through a new biotech arm called Calico , Google is now planning to plough hundreds of millions of dollars of its own into the area.
“We do benefit from the fact that once we say we’re going to do it, people believe we can do it, because we have the resources,” he says. “Google helps in that way: there aren’t many funding mechanisms like that.”
But compared with its heady early days, when every brash initiative was welcomed by an adoring public with the indulgence of a parent celebrating a child’s finger paintings, the onrush of technological change has started to stir up fear.
“I think people see the disruption but they don’t really see the positive,” says Page. “They don’t see it as a life-changing kind of thing . . . I think the problem has been people don’t feel they are participating in it.”
A perennial optimist when it comes to technology, he argues that all that will change. Rapid improvements in artificial intelligence, for instance, will make computers and robots adept at most jobs. Given the chance to give up work, nine out of 10 people “wouldn’t want to be doing what they’re doing today”.
What of people who might regret losing their work? Once jobs have been rendered obsolete by technology, there is no point wasting time hankering after them, says Page. “The idea that everyone should slavishly work so they do something inefficiently so they keep their job – that just doesn’t make any sense to me. That can’t be the right answer.”
©Reuters
‘We want to create beautiful, intuitive services and technologies that are so incredibly useful that people use them twice a day. Like they use a toothbrush’ — 2006
He sees another boon in the effect that technology will have on the prices of many everyday goods and services. A massive deflation is coming: “Even if there’s going to be a disruption on people’s jobs, in the short term that’s likely to be made up by the decreasing cost of things we need, which I think is really important and not being talked about.”
New technologies will make businesses not 10 per cent, but 10 times more efficient, he says. Provided that flows through into lower prices: “I think the things you want to live a comfortable life could get much, much, much cheaper.”
Collapsing house prices could be another part of this equation. Even more than technology, he puts this down to policy changes needed to make land more readily available for construction. Rather than exceeding $1m, there’s no reason why the median home in Palo Alto, in the heart of Silicon Valley, shouldn’t cost $50,000, he says.
For many, the thought of upheavals like this in their personal economics might seem pie in the sky – not to mention highly disturbing. The prospect of millions of jobs being rendered obsolete, private-home values collapsing and the prices of everyday goods going into a deflationary spiral hardly sounds like a recipe for nirvana. But in a capitalist system, he suggests, the elimination of inefficiency through technology has to be pursued to its logical conclusion.
“You can’t wish away these things from happening, they are going to happen,” says Page. “You’re going to have some very amazing capabilities in the economy. When we have computers that can do more and more jobs, it’s going to change how we think about work. There’s no way around that. You can’t wish it away.”
. . .
When it comes to discussing policy, Page, like many technocrats, quickly sounds frustrated by the intractability of issues that are not susceptible to the kind of rigour he brings to his technological inquiries. “I do think there’s a tremendous amount of angst about these things and we’ve got to turn it round,” he says, though he has few concrete ideas about how to do that. “As a society, it’s very difficult to do something differently, and I don’t think that’s good.
©Eyevine
'If we were motivated by money, we would have sold the company a long time ago and ended up on a beach’ — 2006
“Some of the most fundamental questions which people are not thinking about, there’s the question of how do we organise people, how do we motivate people,” he says. “It’s a really interesting problem, how do we organise our democracies? If you look at satisfaction in the US, it’s not going up, it’s going down. That’s pretty worrying.”
In a reference to what he sees as Europe’s weak support for entrepreneurialism and technology, he adds: “I think many of the problems in Europe are like that.”
Another obstacle lies closer to home. In reaching for the tech industry’s ultimate prizes, Google may already be knocking up against the limits of what it is possible for one company to do. Page relates a frequent debate that he says he had with Steve Jobs, the boss of Apple, who died three years ago: “He would always tell me, You’re doing too much stuff. I’d be like, You’re not doing enough stuff.”
The argument he made to Jobs: “It’s unsatisfying to have all these people, and we have all these billions we should be investing to make people’s lives better. If we just do the same things we did before and don’t do something new, it seems like a crime to me.”
But the idealism does not blind him to the problem of his own ambition. “What Steve said is right – you, Larry, can only manage so many things.” If he – and Google – are to win, they will have to beat the odds that have held big companies back in the past, particularly in the tech industry, where few leaders from one generation of technology have made it big in the next.
‘Sometimes it’s important to wake up and stop dreaming. When a really great dream shows up, grab it’ — 2009
“The biggest companies are all within an order of magnitude of the same size, certainly in market cap,” says Page, who has a palpable sense of the limits against which his company is already pushing. “You say we’re going to take over all these important things, but there’s no example of a company doing that.”
His thinking about how to break through the invisible ceiling seems to have been evolving of late. Google X, the internal lab that was the brainchild of Brin, marked a first attempt to back big new ideas, with projects such as Glass and the driverless car. Despite Brin stepping back from Google’s main business, Page still describes them as close allies. “We spent a lot of time together . . . there are very few people who share that experience,” he says. Of Brin’s constant agitation to reach for the biggest bets, he adds: “He’s always on the more extreme side, which is important.”
Now, moving beyond X, Page is experimenting with setting up freestanding business units with semi-independent leaders charged with building big new businesses under the wing of Google. Besides Calico, Google has revealed in recent days that these will include the “smart home” division Nest , as well as a new unit comprising its investments in internet access and energy. Google has also quickly emerged in the past two years as the biggest venture capitalist in Silicon Valley.
There is no model for the kind of company Google wants to become, says Page. But if there’s a single person who represents many of the qualities he thinks will be needed for the task ahead, then it’s famed investor Warren Buffett.
Sounding not at all like the idealistic young technologist who once spoke of brain implants that would answer questions by the power of thought, he says: “One thing we’re doing is providing long-term, patient capital.”
He is at an age where he can still afford to take the long view. But with an ambition that shows few bounds, patience may be another matter.
Richard Waters is the FT’s US West Coast editor
Photographs: David Black; Steve Jennings/WireImage; Getty; Reuters; Eyevine
-------------------------------------------

Tower of London poppies herald new eraOctober 31, 2014 3:29 pm
Tower of London poppies take UK into new age of war commemoration
Edwin Heathcote
Some memorials of bloodbath upstaged by the fluid language of installation art
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/80d9d780-60e3-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

enduring symbol of war and peace© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a62d97e-5b78-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US struggles to mark start of Great WarUS struggles to advance from rear in marking the Great War
By Gary Silverman in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/59fb1762-18b5-11e4-933e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UPDATE 3-Pro-Russian rebels vote for leaders in eastern UkraineUPDATE 3-Pro-Russian rebels vote for leaders in eastern Ukraine
US safety review of aviation in DecemberUS safety review of aviation in December
Sachin and Warne played some cricket againAfter all these years, Tendulkar can still get the better of Warne
Ian Ward gets the two legends to walk him through a mini-battle between them.
Yahoo! Cricket –  Thu 30 Oct, 2014 11:58 AM IST
Tweet
0
It's been a while since the last Sachin Tendulkar vs Shane Warne . The two last met in a Test series all the way back in 2004 while their IPL battles continued till 2011.
The duo met recently for a joint interview at the Lord's Cricket Ground and gave us the delight of walking through their personal battles.
Just for good effect, interviewer Ian Ward threw them a challenge. It was a roughed-up wicket and Warne clearly had the advantage. But Tendulkar was up for a challenge.
Watch what happens when it comes down to the last ball.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Most Valuable Millionaire -- Does Madison Bumgarner Really Need a Free $21 000 Chevy Truckreddit
The video of Rikk Wilde, a local Chevrolet executive presenting San Francisco Giants pitcher Madison Bumgarner with the World Series Most Valuable Player Award, has been going viral. He was obviously under orders to use his face time with Bumgarner, and with a national TV audience, to promote the new Chevy Colorado truck. But he was so nervous that he totally screwed it up.
In handing Bumgarner the keys to the truck, he touted the "all-new, 2015, uh, Chevy Colorado" as having, "class-winning, and leading, um, you know, technology and stuff." He kept awkwardly looking at his notes to make sure he said all the words approved by his superiors at GM headquarters.(Meanwhile, there was outgoing MLB Commissioner Bud Selig, on the other side of Bumgarner, awkwardly playing with his hair and looking all spacy while Wilde was embarrassing himself).
But this award raises a more profound question. Yes, Bumgarner certainly deserved the MVP award. He pitched 5 scoreless innings of brilliant relief on Wednesday in his third Series game and to clinch the championship for the Giants.  But did he also deserve to get a free $21,000 truck?
Is this really an appropriate, or necessary, gift to a pitcher who this year earned $3.75 million? If Bumgarner wants a new car, he can certainly afford to buy one, and to pick the car he really wants.
Obviously Chevy (a division of General Motors, America's 7th largest corporation which last year had $152 billion in revenues) sponsors this award to get free publicity.
I don't know how much GM paid to become what Wilde called the "official vehicle" of Major League Baseball.   But wouldn't the corporation get even more and better free publicity if its executive handed Bumgarner a check for $21,000 (which is a pretty cheap donation for a wealthy global corporation, regardless of who it goes to) to contribute to his favorite nonprofit charity? Or perhaps Major League Baseball could select a worthy organization -- the Girl Scouts? the American Cancer Society? Amnesty International?  Giant pitcher Jeremy Allfeldt's favorite cause, the Not For Sale campaign , which works to expose human trafficking and the exploitation of former child slaves? --  and have Chevrolet send a check directly to the charity on behalf of the MVP.
Mr. Wilde's gaffe wasn't the only embarrassing aspect of this episode. No sooner had Wilde handed Bumgarner the keys to his new truck when the media reported that the new Chevy Colorado was recalled earlier this month due to an airbag flaw. General Motors ordered dealers to stop selling the cars at the beginning of the month because of faulty wiring that could "cause the driver airbags not to function as designed."  This can't help GM's image, already damaged by the controversies surrounding what Fortune called its "dangerously defective vehicles."  According to Fortune, GM expects to spend $1.7 billion to cover the cost of its record-setting number of recalls so far this year!
Peter Dreier is the E.P.Clapp Distinguished Professor of Politics and chair of the Urban & Environmental Policy Department at Occidental College. His most recent book is The 100 Greatest Americans of the 20th Century: A Social Justice Hall of Fame (Nation Books, 2012).
Follow Peter Dreier on Twitter: www.twitter.com/peterdreier
More:

Squaring the Circle: Rule According to Law in a One-Party Statereddit
The greatest dilemma facing the Chinese government in its long-standing efforts to build an effective legal system is how to ensure both the integrity of the judiciary and the Communist Party's monopoly of power.
In the early days of the reform, Deng Xiaoping, the late paramount leader, opted for a pragmatic strategy. While insisting on the party's political supremacy, Deng pushed hard for the development of commercial laws that would lay the basic framework of a market economy and attract foreign investment. His immediate successor, Jiang Zemin, took a bolder step forward, at least rhetorically, with his declaration of the goal of "rule according to law." This new concept straddles the middle ground between "rule of law" (limiting the power of the state with law) and "rule by law" (using law as an instrument to rule the people). Regrettably, Jiang's "rule according to law" has never been translated into actual institutional reform, and has remained essentially a buzz word.
Mr. Xi Jinping, the general secretary of the Communist Party of China, has now put his own political capital behind a new and ambitious program to rebuild a legal system under the same principle of "rule according to law." The CPC Central Committee's 4th plenum, which was concluded on October 23, formally endorsed a document, "The CPC Central Committee's Major Decisions on the Comprehensive Implementation of Rule According to Law."
Based on the published text of the document, the proposed reforms will significantly transform the legislative process, promulgate new laws, and restructure the judiciary. As with typical Central Committee documents, the 4th plenum's "Major Decisions" contains mostly declarations of general principles and objectives. However, this document has several more specific proposals of institutional change that, if implemented, will reshape China's judicial system.
Among the reforms endorsed by the plenum, six concrete institutional changes affecting the judiciary deserve special attention: the establishment of a system designed to restrict and hold accountable CPC and government officials who interfere in judicial activities; an experiment to separate the adjudication from enforcement (intended to minimize conflict of interest and corruption); the establishment of circuit courts under the Supreme People's Court; exploration of the establishment of courts and prosecutors' offices that have jurisdictions over multiple provinces; exploration of the establishment of a system of public interest litigation by prosecutors' offices; and the implementation of a trial-centered litigation system that will also hold judges accountable for their decisions.
These proposed reforms are intended to accomplish two key objectives. One is to limit the scourge of "local protectionism" in the Chinese judiciary. The current Chinese court system is highly vulnerable to political inference from local authorities, which control the appointments of judges and the budget of local courts. The proposed establishment of a system that will record acts of judicial inference by local officials and hold them accountable is obviously one tool to discourage such conduct in the future. The other two proposals -- new circuit courts under the Supreme People's Court and likely experiments with courts and prosecutors' offices holding jurisdictions over several provinces - are measures intended to limit provincial authorities' ability to interfere in judicial proceedings.
The other critical objective is to strengthen the power of judges. The court system will be increasingly trial-centered. Witnesses will be called to testify in person and, presumably, be subject to cross examination. At the moment, trials are relatively brief, even pro forma, and judgments are decided by a committee of judges, most of whom do not attend the trial proceedings. Judges and prosecutors will enjoy greater protection as well. The document declares that no judges or prosecutors can be removed without legal cause or due legal procedures. But to prevent replacing "corruption by committee" by "corruption by judges," the proposed reform will institute a system that will hold deciding judges permanently accountable for their decisions.
Taken together, these proposals clearly amount to the most ambitious legal reforms since the early 1980s. But crucial political and technical questions remain. Some of these technical issues, for example, the constitutional status of the circuit courts under the Supreme People's Court, will have to be sorted out. New laws and even constitutional amendments will be required to formalize the proposed reforms.
The most challenging obstacles to these proposed reforms are political. Curiously, the 4th plenum document does not mention the party's "politics and legal committees," which oversee the judiciary and other law enforcement agencies. Today, these committees decide on appointments of judges and frequently make interfere in judicial matters when important political and economic issues are at stake. It seems that these committees, at least the local level, will have to surrender their power over the judiciary if the proposed reforms are to succeed. This would be an almost unthinkable political breakthrough.
Similarly, the idea of cross-provincial courts and prosecutors' offices is revolutionary. But the plenum has made only vague commitment to their establishment. One can imagine that provincial governments are unlikely to be happy with surrendering their judicial and prosecutorial power to bodies over which they have no control.
Finally, the transformation of the adjudication system into one based on trials inevitably raises the question of the appointment of judges and the amount of autonomy they will have. Unfortunately, the document does not propose reforms that will change the current system of appointment of judges.
All these challenges merely underscore the fact that Mr. Xi faces the same dilemma that confronted his predecessors: establishing an effective legal system without threatening the party's rule. The 4th plenum has raised both hopes and doubts about his chances of success. For the moment, let us hope that Mr. Xi can square the circle -- at least more successfully than his predecessors.
See more at China US Focus .
More:

Virgin Galactic head rejects risk-taking claims© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cf595768-6256-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Branson vows to push ahead after rocket crashBranson vows to push ahead with space tourism after rocket crash
Robert Wright and Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bd2c4aa-612d-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Congress passes infrastructure spending billCongress passes infrastructure spending bill
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a63027d8-1920-11e4-80da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cute Chick Rover: A New Way to Spy on Shy PenguinsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Burkina s army vows to install unity transition govtBurkina s army vows to install unity transition govt
India  Pakistan condemnterrorPrint
Posted: November 3, 2014 4:02 am
“Terror attack in Pakistan near Wagah border is shocking. I strongly condemn such a dastardly act of terrorism”
Narendra Modi (Prime Minister)
 
“We will not let the terrorists succeed in their aims to divide and scare the nation which stands united against the twisted ideology of the extremists”
Nawaz Sharif (Pakistan Prime Minister)
 
“Shocked & saddened by suicide attack near Wagah border killing over 50 innocent ppl incl women & children. Strongly condemn this act of terror”
Imran Khan (Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf chairman)
 
“It is very painful that such a large number of people have died or been injured.We have been saying for ages that the entire nation needs to openly stand against terrorism”
Qamar Zaman Kaira (PPP Information Secretary)
 
“There is a conspiracy to try and weaken the country… The whole nation at this moment is in mourning over the tragedy”
Abid Sher Ali (Pakistan Minister of State for Water and Power)
 
“Innocent people have been killed. [It is a] tragedy that intelligence was shared with Punjab government that such incidents could take place [and action was not taken]… There is a sense of insecurity in the country. I condemn this atrocity and offer my condolences to the victims”
Shah Mehmood Qureshi (Senior PTI leader)

Russia backs Ukraine rebel vote despite criticism from WestRussia backs Ukraine rebel vote despite criticism from West
Chevron forced into Argentina rethinkMay 12, 2013 10:27 pm
Legal sanctions force Chevron into Argentina rethink
By Jude Webber in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3153596a-bb09-11e2-b289-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

YPF signs preliminary Dow Argentina dealMarch 26, 2013 11:31 pm
YPF signs preliminary Dow Argentina deal
By Jude Webber in Buenos Aires
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a761b65c-9669-11e2-9ab2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chicago Marathon 2014Caption Bank of America Chicago Marathon elite winners
Chris Sweda, Chicago Tribune
Rita Jeptoo (left) and Eliud Kipchoge (right), both from Kenya, are the women's and men's elite winners at the 2014 Bank of America Chicago Marathon.
Rita Jeptoo (left) and Eliud Kipchoge (right), both from Kenya, are the women's and men's elite winners at the 2014 Bank of America Chicago Marathon. (Chris Sweda, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Rising sun
Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune
Runners start the Bank of America Chicago Marathon as the sun rises from the east lighting up the downtown skyline.
Runners start the Bank of America Chicago Marathon as the sun rises from the east lighting up the downtown skyline. (Nancy Stone, Chicago Tribune)
Caption The top male elite runners
Chris Sweda, Chicago Tribune
Men's winner Eliud Kipchoge of Kenya (left) celebrates with second and third place finishers, also from Kenya, Sammy Kitwara (center) and Dickson Chumba (right) at the finish line of the Bank of America Chicago Marathon on October 12, 2014.
Men's winner Eliud Kipchoge of Kenya (left) celebrates with second and third place finishers, also from Kenya, Sammy Kitwara (center) and Dickson Chumba (right) at the finish line of the Bank of America Chicago Marathon on October 12, 2014. (Chris Sweda, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Men's winner
Chris Sweda, Chicago Tribune
Eliud Kipchoge of Kenya crosses the finish line to win the Bank of America Chicago Marathon.
Eliud Kipchoge of Kenya crosses the finish line to win the Bank of America Chicago Marathon. (Chris Sweda, Chicago Tribune)

EU steps up trade fight with BrazilEU steps up trade fight with Brazil over local content rules
Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/89d334a8-6147-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Memo to the EU: stop gassing UkraineSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Modi launches membership drive  wants BJP to be diverseModi wants BJP to become diverse, launches mega membership drive
IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Sun 2 Nov, 2014
Recommend
Print
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi Saturday asserted politics was not dirty and asked BJP to emerge as a "diverse" party to become "representative of all" and be able to "fulfill the dreams of all" as he launched a mega membership drive of the party here.
"It is said politics is dirty. No, it is not. If politics was dirty, Mahatma Gandhi would never have ventured into this," Modi said launching the BJP's first membership drive post its emphatic win in the 2014 general elections.
"BJP (Bharatiya Janata Party) should also come across as a diverse party. People from all strata of society should feel that we have a representative in this vase of flowers," he said in the presence of a large number of BJP workers.
Modi, who shared the stage with party president Amit Shah and senior party leader Ram Lal, said: "The poor and illiterate should also feel that we are a part of this party. The organisation should be expanded in such a manner that it is representative of all and can fulfill the dreams of all."
The prime minister added: "People from all sections of society should feel they have a representative in BJP. Our country is full of diversities, BJP should also be visible as a party with diversities."
The party's new membership drive aims at increasing its strength to three times the current strength. The BJP holds organisational elections every two years and a membership drive every six years.
Modi said that the membership drive should serve as an example globally.
The prime minister became the first member of the BJP in this membership drive, which will last till March 31, 2015. He along with Shah enrolled as BJP members online.
"By giving me this opportunity, today the BJP has honoured me. To be a member of such a party is also a matter of pride," he said.
Modi said the BJP is one of the world's most important organisations and could even be a subject of study.
"The BJP is one of the most important organisations in the world. Yet we have never positioned it like that. To be a member of BJP is to live the disciplined life it demands... every member of BJP is a representative of the people," he added.
Modi said that the country's politics was changing. "Era of mass agitation for politics seems over. Now people expect parties to play significant roles in public life."
Shah said the present membership drive was important as it was being held after the BJP got a full majority in this general election. The party also formed its first-ever government on its own in Haryana and Maharashtra following the state assembly elections.
Prior to the membership drive launch, the BJP held three workshops. The first one was held in Bengaluru, where southern and western states were present, then there was a workshop in central and western Indian states followed by a workshop in Kolkata for north-eastern and eastern states.
Recommend

Check out Timexs new smartwatchTimex's New Smartwatch Is A Runner's Dream — But It'll Cost You
By Lisa Eadicicco | Business Insider –  Fri 31 Oct, 2014 1:59 AM IST
Print
Lisa Eadicicco The new Ironman One's home screen
Timex recently unveiled its Ironman One GPS+, a new sports watch that comes with a lot of the same features as a smartwatch — except it doesn't need a phone to work.
Timex currently has the Ironman One GPS+ available for preorder through its website, but the company says it will go on sale sometime in November.
There are two major capabilities that differentiate Timex's new wearable from other fitness trackers and smartwatches out there.
It has its own 3G radio for connecting the internet without tethering to your phone, and there's also a built-in GPS for tracking your location. Using these features will probably give the Ironman One GPS+ about eight hours of battery life.
Timex announced its new $400 sports watch back in August, but Business Insider got a closer look at it on Thursday.
The first thing that stood out was the watch's crisp, clear screen that showed barely any signs of glare.
Although sunlight was pouring through giant loft windows from all sides, the watch's display remained visible and bold. This is ideal for a sportswatch, since it should be designed to be worn outside.
That's largely because Timex uses Qualcomm's Mirasol display technology for the watch, which uses a small mirror to reflect light rather than emitting it.
Lisa Eadicicco Here's what the Ironman One GPS+ looks like when you start a workout.
The watch is capable of tracking your speed, distance, calories burned, cadence, and other statistics. It doesn't, however, measure your activity in the background throughout the day like a Jawbone or Fitbit band would.
Right now, it's meant to act as a tool when you work out so that you don't have to bring your phone with you. This activity tracker-like functionality will probably come to the Ironman One GPS+ in a software update near the end of Q1 2015, Timex tells us.
There's 4GB of storage space on the watch for keeping music and storing messages, too. (You'll need a pair of Bluetooth-enabled headphones to listen to that music, however.)
Although the watch works on AT&T's network, don't expect to use it for browsing the web — it's not meant for that. Timex says the cellular functionality is largely intended for emergency situations. So, if you become injured or lost during a run, you can send a message to a preselected contact, or choose from a list of contacts. You can store up to 100 contacts on the watch and up to 10 per-written messages.
Lisa Eadicicco You can read messages on the Timex Ironman One GPS+.
But there's another scenario in which the watch's cellular connectivity comes in handy, too. Since there's a GPS built in, you can share your location with certain contacts. When you decide to share your location, the watch will send a message to whichever contact you choose with a link to a map where he or she can follow your running route.
While most smartwatch makers tend to emphasize that their wrist worn gadgets aren't meant to replace your phone, Timex seems to be doing the opposite. Granted, its new Ironman watch won't actually replace your phone in everyday practice — but Timex says you can leave your phone at home while you go out for a run.
Lisa Eadicicco This is Timex's new watch, the Ironman One GPS+.
The Ironman One GPS+ seems to include all the features avid runners would want in a sports watch: some storage space for keeping music on the device, plenty of different metrics for measuring performance, integration with fitness apps such as Strava and Runkeeper, and a crisp display you can see in sunlight. It's also waterproof, so you can swim with it too without worrying about inflicting damage.
But $400 is still a lot of cash to spend on something that isn't really optimized to be part of your daily life. In fact, it's probably the most expensive smartwatch to date. Both the Apple Watch and Neptune Pine cost $350, while most other smartwatches fall in the $150-$250 price range. That makes the Ironman One GPS+ about twice as expensive as other smartwatches out there.
More From Business Insider

Ukraine rebel leader on course to win poll  farceUkraine rebel leader on course to win poll  farce
Regulators track Ulips comebackRegulators track Ulips comeback
India targetting top five hundred cos to make Make in Indiacampaign successfulIndia targetting top five hundred cos to make Make in Indiacampaign successful
BSF  Rangers braced for attack after WagahintelPrint
High alert on the Indian side of the border Sunday
Written by Praveen Swami , Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 4:28 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 10:59 am
The Research and Analysis Wing had issued warnings of an imminent suicide-attack targeting the evening flag ceremony at the Wagah border on October 15, more than two weeks before Sunday night’s lethal bombing on the  Pakistani side, government sources have told The Indian Express. The warning, the sources said, came after Pakistan’s Rangers enhanced their forces and were seen erecting new defensive structures — a move which led the Border Security Force to place troops on high alert.
The suicide-bomb attack at Wagah took place at a parking-lot barricade some 350 metres from the international border, at 6.12 pm Indian time.  The attack came as Pakistani visitors were returning to the parking area after watching the evening border parade, an event that draws thousands on Sundays. Among the victims are several women and children, and at least three Rangers personnel.
From their observation posts, Border Security Force personnel said they saw a massive cloud of smoke rise after the explosion. “There were people lying everywhere,” a BSF officer told The Indian Express. “Our troops counted more than a hundred. We tried contacting the Rangers to find out what had happened, but got no response.”
BSF Director General D K Pathak said: “We were already on high alert and had deployed extra quick reaction teams near the ceremony area. The suicide attack on the Pakistan side of Wagah border took place near the parking lot when visitors were leaving after watching the ceremony.”
“On Pakistan Rangers’ request, we have decided not to hold the retreat ceremony parade for the next three days.
They said they were calling off the ceremony to mourn their dead,” Pathak said.
Government sources said the BSF had observed troops from the Pakistan Rangers 11 Wing enhancing defensive posts on roads leading up to the border, and placing new barricades, during the second week of October. Though the Pakistan did not formally notify the BSF of the reasons for enhanced defensive fortifications, the BSF intelligence-wing, the G-Branch, interpreted the actions as suggesting preparations for a suicide-borne car attack.
RAW, the sources said, later detected preparations for a suicide attack, leading India to enhance defences in case terrorists attempted to breach the border either in a fidayeen attack or using a vehicle.
Major General Tahir Khan, commander of the Pakistan Rangers in Punjab, told the media that the suicide attacker had been standing near the first of a series of walk-through gates and scanners leading up to the parade ground, and thus evaded detection. “He did not breach security,” Khan said.
Inspector General Mushtaq Sukhera said the Rangers had been prepared for an attack, “but continued…

UN Climate Report Offers Stark Warnings  HopeThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

55 killed in suicide blast at Wagah border in Pak | Pakistani Taliban claim responsibilityDeath toll in Pakistan suicide attack at Wagah Border rises to 61
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 12.23PM IST
Tags:
Lahore
(Nearly 50 people, including…)
LAHORE: The death toll in the horrific suicide attack that shook Pakistan minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah climbed to 61 today, even as security agencies arrested about 20 suspects from the Indo-Pak border area.
Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among the 61 people who have died in the attack that took place yesterday when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah.
Over 100 people were injured in the incident and are being treated in different Lahore's hospitals where emergency has been declared.
The blast took place when a large number of people were returning after attending the flag lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pak land border crossing, which is heavily guarded by the Punjab Rangers.
A young suicide-bomber blew himself up near the main exit gate of Parade Avenue at 6.03 pm (local time), causing colossal devastation.
"The death toll of the devastating suicide attack at Wagah border has risen to 61. The condition of some injured is still critical and the doctors are battling to save their lives," Punjab Emergency Services Rescue spokesman Jam Sajjad told PTI.
About 43 bodies have been handed over to the families while the remaining are yet to be recognised, Sajjad said.
"We have sought the help of the National Registration Database Authority (Nadra) for recognition of 18 bodies," he said.
The law enforcement agencies have launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah and taken about 20 suspects into custody, Lahore police spokesman Niyab Haider Naqvi said.
"A joint investigation team of police, rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and rangers along with police will provide security to Ashura processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday's attack," he said.
Punjab Interior Minister Col (Retd) Shujah Khanzada said the target of the suicide bomber was the venue of the flag hoisting ceremony.
"The suicide-bomber wanted to reach the Parade Avenue to cause maximum devastation but he blew himself up near the entrance of the main gate after failing to reach the Parade Avenue," he said.
At least three militant factions have claimed the grizzly bombing. Al-Qaeda affiliated militant group Jandullah, a splinter group of the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), was first to claim responsibility of the attack.
Shortly afterwards Jamaatul Ahrar said its bomber Hafiz Hanifullah carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
According to a preliminary investigation report submitted to the Inspector General Police Punjab, Mushtaq Ahmed Sukhera, the suicide-bomber, believed to be in his early 20s, had been staying in the Wagah border area since many days.
"It is also suspected that the handlers of the suicide-bomber were also present near the blast site to ensure the execution of their plan," the report says.
At least 15 to 20 kilogrammes of explosives were used in the blast with some of the explosives in the attacker's suicide jacket and the remaining being carried by him.
The blown-up parts of the bomber have been collected and sent for DNA and forensic tests.
Meanwhile, Jammat-ud-Dawah's subsidiary Falah-e-Insaniat shifted nine dead bodies to its headquarters at Chauburji and one of its leaders led the funeral prayers for the deceased before handing over the bodies to the families.
"We have allowed the Falah-e-Insaniat to take the bodies of nine victims to Jamia Masjid Al-Qadsia Chauburji on the request of their families as they wanted to offer their funeral prayers there," Lahore's Mayo Hospital official Maqbool Ahmed said.
Punjab Law Minister Mujtaba Shujaur Rehman has termed the suicide blast a "security lapse".
"Carrying out a suicide blast at the Rangers headquarters is definitely a security lapse and very much alarming," he said, adding that the investigation agencies would have to look into how the suicide bomber managed to cross the security tiers and reached near the main entrance of the Parade Avenue.
A warning had been issued to the security agencies five days ago that "suicide bombers might target their buildings," an official of the home department told PTI.
"It seems all the focus of security has been shifted to protect Muharram processions and Wagah border became a soft target of the terrorists," he said.
An intelligence report had mentioned anti-Shia banned outfits -- Tahrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) and Lashkar-e- Jhangvi - might target Shia processions, important personalities and buildings of security agencies.
There would be no flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah for the general public for three days, a Punjab Rangers spokesman said.
"The decision has been taken to mourn the killings of the Sundays attack," he said, adding that India's BSF also told the rangers that it would also not invite the public for the ceremony for three days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

September quarterly results show India Inc losing steamSeptember quarterly results show India Inc losing steam; slowest aggregate revenue since December 2013
Ranjit Shinde & Shailesh Kadam, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 02.02AM IST
Tags:
ACC Ambuja Cements
(Net profit rose 24 per cent…)
ET INTELLIGENCE GROUP: Aggregate results of companies that have declared results so far for the September quarter reveal a deceleration in the growth momentum that was visible in the previous three quarters.
A sample of 337 companies, excluding banks, finance companies, and oil and gas players, reported 11.8 per cent growth in aggregate revenue over the year-ago period, the slowest since the December 2013 quarter.
Net profit rose 24 per cent year-on-year in the September quarter, slower than in the previous three quarters. In ET's edition dated October 6, the ET Intelligence Group had anticipated that the sales and profit growth of a sample of Nifty companies would recede in the second quarter of the current fiscal following lack of fresh demand impetus.
"The topline performance in the September quarter so far has been slightly below our expectations. Any major signs of economic recovery appear to be missing ," said Gautam Trivedi , MD and head of equities , Religare Capital Markets . Some industry trackers draw attention to the possibility of a steeper deceleration for corporate India during the quarter.
"We anticipated sales and net profit growth to drop for the quarter. But, the results so far indicate that the drop in the rate of growth could be more severe than expected," said Dhananjay Sinha, head of research and strategist, Emkay Global financial Services.
The operating margin for the sample was 18.7 per cent, similar to the yearago level, but lower than the 20.2 per cent a quarter ago. This was because raw material expenses rose faster than sales growth during the quarter. Over the next fortnight, more companies in core sectors such as capital goods, construction, and power, which have been impacted by low demand, will announce their quarterly performance. Sinha believes that once all the results are out, the margin performance may be lower than anticipated.
A reason why the overall performance may decline as the results season progresses is the dominance of information technology (IT) sector in the available data, accounting for 31.5 per cent of total revenue of the present sample and half of the net profit.
Typically, by the time all companies are out with their earnings numbers, the IT sector's sales and net profit contribution stands at over 15 per cent and below 30 per cent, respectively.
Till now, select companies from automobiles, IT and pharma have delivered better performance, while the results of companies in consumer-oriented sectors and capital goods were disappointing.
According to some analysts, it may take a while for the corporate performance to pick up. "A major turnaround may be possible by the end of the June 2015 quarter. We will wait for another quarter before updating our earnings forecast," said Trivedi of Religare.
Auto companies such as Maruti Suzuki and Hero MotoCorp reported higher profit growth backed by improved sales volumes.
Pan-India cement companies such as ACC, Ambuja Cements, and UltraTech fared well due to better realisation in the southern region even though volume pick-up was slow.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sebi to frame rules against insider tradingSebi to frame rules against insider trading
India will protect Mauritius interestsIndia will protect Mauritius interests
Diwali fails to pep up car salesDiwali fails to pep up car sales
DoT asks telcos to collect Aadhaar no. For issuing new SIMsDoT asks telcos to collect Aadhaar no. For issuing new SIMs
Cong and BJP spar over Vadra-microphone incidentCong and BJP spar over Vadra-microphone incident
Todays Republicans run away from ReaganToday’s Republicans run from Reagan
Gary Silverman
The Grand Old party is now the Great Wall party – defined by what it wants to keep out of the US
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5270dfa8-5a10-11e4-be86-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU energy deal to hurt Putin  says DaveyEd Davey hails EU energy deal as blow to Vladimir Putin
Christian Oliver in Brussels, Pilita Clark in London and Henry Foy in Warsaw
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cdbd03f4-5b81-11e4-b68a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Two companies unveil UK Aim IPO plansAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

BoE demands climate answers from insurersBoE demands climate answers from insurers
Pilita Clark in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dedd1954-5bad-11e4-a674-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon to open its 1st Illinois warehouseAnd as its building boom accelerated, Amazon has reduced the time required to open a new warehouse from two years to 10 months, according to the magazine article.
The company faces increasing competition on speed from Walmart.com, eBay and Google.
During one week in August, Amazon announced it was expanding same-day delivery to four markets, while Google and Barnes & Noble announced a partnership to do same-day delivery of books in three cities through Google Shopping Express.
And a handful of startups are using contract shoppers, who drive their own cars, to guarantee delivery in just a few hours.
Amazon has the benefit of being a pioneer.
It began offering same-day delivery in select cities in 2009.
But orders here must be placed by 7:45 a.m. to guarantee same-day service.
In the past, the company almost exclusively built distribution facilities far from major cities in order to avoid charging sales tax in certain states.
The Illinois Supreme Court struck down the so-called Amazon tax, which would have required online retailers to collect sales taxes, in 2013.
An altered version will go into effect Jan. 1.
"If Amazon or any online retailer has a physical presence here, they would absolutely have to collect and remit sales taxes here," said Tanya Triche, vice president and general counsel at the Illinois Retail Merchants Association.
Given changing political circumstances and an increase in competition, an Illinois facility is logical.
What seems unusual is that the company would announce such a deal before the land or space is acquired.
Pollet said that the gubernatorial election had nothing to do with the timing of this good-jobs announcement.
"We have been working on this with them for over a year," he said.
"This is not fly-by-night. It happens to be the timing is fortuitous."

Chicago Tribune circulation flat in latest reportChicago Tribune circulation flat in latest report
Tribune Tower
Alex Garcia/ Chicago Tribune
Tribune Publishing, owner of the Chicago Tribune, said Wednesday it spent $23.5 million to buy 38 suburban Chicago newspapers from Sun-Times Media.
Tribune Publishing, owner of the Chicago Tribune, said Wednesday it spent $23.5 million to buy 38 suburban Chicago newspapers from Sun-Times Media. (Alex Garcia/ Chicago Tribune)
Digital subscriptions aren't keeping up with print declines for Tribune, Sun-Times
On Sundays, Tribune subscriptions fall 5 percent and the Sun-Times loses 20 percent
Digital growth did not keep pace with ongoing declines in print circulation for the Chicago Tribune in the semiannual report released Tuesday by the Alliance for Audited Media.
8
Average weekday circulation for the Tribune was flat at 455,125, while Sunday circulation fell to 769,215, a nearly 5 percent decline from a year earlier.
Print circulation for the Tribune was down 10 percent on weekdays to 307,352, and 8 percent on Sunday to 622,767. Digital subscribers grew to about 147,000 across the week.
Tribune Publishing, parent of the Chicago Tribune, is reportedly looking at acquiring all of the Sun-Times Media suburban properties, including six daily and 32 weekly newspapers, according to sources. ( Robert Channick )
The report covers the six months ended Sept. 30 and measures total average circulation for more than 1,200 U.S. newspapers, including print, digital and branded editions.
The top three U.S. newspapers by total average circulation were USA Today (4,139,380), The Wall Street Journal (2,276,207) and The New York Times (2,134,150), according to AAM.
The Chicago Sun-Times did not report average weekly circulation for the period. The paper and its branded suburban editions saw year-over-year declines on every day, with its Sunday print and digital circulation dropping 20 percent to 304,776.
0
Tuesday's report is the final semiannual circulation report, as AAM shifts to a quarterly report next year.
"It's basically to reflect the dynamics of the marketplace today and the need for more current and frequent information for both print and digital channels," said Neal Lulofs, executive vice president of marketing and strategy for Arlington Heights-based AAM.
Due to rule changes, AAM didn't publish comparable circulation figures. But year-over-year comparisons for the Chicago Tribune and Chicago Sun-Times remain valid, according to Lulofs.
Excluding its branded editions, circulation for the Sun-Times itself ranged from 196,119 to 223,079 throughout the week. That may soon represent the extent of its reach, with Tribune Publishing, parent of the Chicago Tribune, reportedly looking at acquiring all of the Sun-Times Media suburban properties, including six daily and 32 weekly newspapers, according to sources.
Suburban newspapers in the Sun-Times Media portfolio include the SouthtownStar, Merrillville Post-Tribune, Aurora Beacon-News, Elgin Courier-News, Naperville Sun, Lake County News-Sun, which total about 60,000 to 70,000 in daily circulation, according to Tuesday's report.
The Chicago Tribune prints and distributes the Chicago Sun-Times and its suburban newspapers. In August 2013, the Sun-Times executed cancellation clauses terminating the separate printing and distribution deals, which pay the Tribune about $70 million per year, according to sources. The printing cancellation is effective May 2015, with the distribution deal to end the following year.

Bigg Boss 8: Accusations galore in the houseCelebrity
Sushant Divgikar bows out of Bigg Boss Season 8
Seven weeks inside the Bigg Boss house is no easy feat! And after spending as much time in the Bigg Boss house, it is now Sushant Divgikar’s turn to return to the outside world as he finds himself eliminated from the show.
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s ... more 
Undoubtedly one of the most loved contestants in the Bigg Boss house, Sushant was among those few contestants who got along with everyone. Be it the now infamous P3G group or Diandra and Karishma’s gang, Sushant was friendly with them all. less 
1 / 30

Be careful with that commissions axeBe careful with that commissions axe on investment research
Paul Murphy
Making fund managers pay directly for research could backfire
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/00053628-6114-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas carmakers stuck in reverseChina’s carmakers stuck in reverse, despite upgrades
Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/37f51b3e-60b5-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Eyal Aronoffs drive for oil alternatives© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9f3935ca-5f5f-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Good news from the lower price at the pumpGood news from the lower price at the pump
Cheaper oil benefits both the world economy and global security
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af4013be-55ee-11e4-a3c9-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Holliday brings green conscience to ShellChad Holliday brings green conscience to Shell
Claer Barrett, Tom Braithwaite and Pilita Clark
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/848da6ae-6007-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obamas energy past hurts DemocratsObama’s energy past hurts Democrats in midterms
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69e58d64-6131-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Romney hint reveals Republican weaknessOctober 16, 2014 6:47 pm
Romney’s hints at a comeback reveal Republican weakness
Richard McGregor in Washington
Party’s internal tensions threaten to open way for Clinton
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09ad0a7a-5543-11e4-b616-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delay for listing of Spains AenaDelay for listing of Spain’s Aena
Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/148c076a-611f-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hearst aims to maintain founders innovationHearst aims to maintain innovative tradition of founder
By Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/512aaaf8-5fb9-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cosmopolitan aims for mobile millennialsCosmopolitan aims for mobile millennials
By Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0c49c720-062c-11e4-8b94-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hearst prepares for end of Bennack eraSeptember 16, 2012 4:33 pm
Hearst prepares for end of Bennack era
By Emily Steel and Andrew Edgecliffe-Johnson in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa7564a4-feae-11e1-a2e2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Deal surge to boost Hong Kongs rankingDeal surge to boost Hong Kong’s global ranking
Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3d3ebd44-60e6-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukraine rebels hold elections as violence continuesUkraine rebels hold elections as violence continues
Heaving Fighting In Kobani After Peshmerga Join BattleHeavy Fighting In Kobani After Peshmerga Join Battle
Reuters
Updated:
11/03/2014  1:59 pm EST
Smoke rises above the Syrian city of Kobani after an airstrike by the US led coalition, seen from a hilltop on the outskirts of Suruc, near the Turkey-Syria border Sunday, Nov. 2, 2014.  (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
By Mariam Karouny and Omer Berberoglu
BEIRUT/MURSITPINAR, Turkey, Nov 2 (Reuters) - Iraqi Kurdish  fighters have joined the fight against Islamic State militants  in Kobani, hoping their support for fellow Kurds backed by  U.S.-led air strikes will keep the ultra-hardline group from  seizing the Syrian border town.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the  civil war, said heavy clashes erupted in Kobani and that both  sides had suffered casualties, while the U.S. military said it  had launched more air raids on Islamic State over the weekend.
Idriss Nassan, deputy minister for foreign affairs in Kobani  district, said Iraqi Kurds using long-range artillery had joined  the battle on Saturday night against Islamic State, which holds  parts of Syria and Iraq as part of an ambition to redraw the map  of the Middle East.
"The peshmerga joined the battle late yesterday and it made  a big difference with their artillery. It is proper artillery,"  he told Reuters.
"We didn't have artillery we were using mortars and other  locally made weapons. So this is a good thing."
Nassan did not elaborate and it was not immediately possible  to verify that progress against Islamic State had been made.
The arrival of the 150 Iraqi fighters -- known as peshmerga  or "those who confront death" -- marks the first time Turkey has  allowed troops from outside Syria to reinforce Syrian Kurds, who  have been defending Kobani for more than 40 days.
ALL EYES ON KOBANI
"They are supporting the YPG. They have a range of  semi-heavy weapons," said Jabbar Yawar, secretary general of the  peshmerga ministry in the Kurdish region in northern Iraq,  referring to the main Syrian Kurdish armed group.
Eyewitnesses in the Mursitpinar area on the Turkish side of  the border from Kobani said two rockets were fired on Saturday  night.
A Reuters witness said fighting on Sunday was heavier than  in the last two days, noting a strike in the late morning and  the sound of three explosions.
Attention has focused on Kobani, seen as key test of the  effectiveness of American air strikes, and of whether combined  Kurdish forces can fend off Islamic State, an al Qaeda offshoot  made up of Arabs and foreign fighters.
Air strikes have helped to foil several attempts by Islamic  State, notorious for its beheading of hostages and opponents, to  take over Kobani.
But they have done little to stop its advances, in  particular in Sunni areas of western Iraq, where it has been  executing hundreds of members of a tribe that resisted its  territorial gains.
In their latest air strikes, U.S. military forces staged  seven attacks on Islamic State targets in Syria on Saturday and  Sunday and were joined by allies in two more attacks in Iraq, the U.S. Central Command said.
In the Kobani area, five strikes hit five small Islamic  State units, while two strikes near Dayr Az Zawr 150 miles (240  km) to the southeast in Syria destroyed an Islamic State tank  and vehicle shelters.
U.S. and partner nations hit small Islamic State units near  the Iraqi cities of Baiji, north of Baghdad, and Falluja, in  Anbar province to the west of the capital.
The ultra-hardline Islamic State regards Iraq's majoriy  Shi'ites as infidels who deserve to be killed.
The group is expected to try and deploy suicide bombers to  inflict mass casualties as Shi'ites prepare for the religious  festival of Ashura, an event that has been marred by sectarian  bloodshed in the past.
Two car bombs killed a total of 20 Shi'ite pilgrims in  different parts of Baghdad on Sunday, police and medics said.
Shi'ite militias and Kurdish peshmerga fighters stepped in  to try and fill a security vacuum after U.S,-funded Iraqi  military forces crumbled in the face of an Islamic State  onslaught in the north in June.
Islamic State inflicted humiliating defeats on the Kurds.
While the Kurds have retaken some territory with the support  of U.S. air strikes in the north, Islamic State faces limited  resistance in Iraq's western Anbar province, where its militants  last week executed over 300 hundred members of the Albu Nimr  tribe because it had defied the group for weeks.
In the first official confirmation of the scale of the  massacre, the Iraqi government said Islamic State had killed 322  members of the tribe, including dozens of women and children  whose bodies were dumped in a well.
The systematic killings, which one tribal leader said were  continuing on Sunday, marked some of the worst bloodshed in Iraq  since the Sunni militants swept through the north in June.
The Albu Nimr, also Sunni, had put up fierce resistance  against Islamic State for weeks but finally ran low on  ammunition, food and fuel last week as Islamic State fighters  closed in on their village at Zauiyat Albu Nimr.
"The number of people killed by Islamic State from Albu Nimr  tribe is 322. The bodies of 50 women and children have also been  discovered dumped in a well," Iraq's Human Rights Ministry said.
Since Islamic State declared a "caliphate" in large areas of  Syria and Iraq in June, the militants have lost hundreds if not  thousands of fighters in battles against other Sunni rebels,  Islamist groups, forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar  al-Assad and in U.S.-led air strikes.
Fighters inside the group say that it receives hundreds of  volunteers every month, which helps it carry our more attacks.  It also received pledges of allegiances from Islamist groups in  places such as Pakistan, Africa and some Arab states.     (Writing by Michael Georgy; editing by Giles Elgood and  Philippa Fletcher)
More:

E-tail jobs catch fancy of biz graduatesE-tail jobs catch fancy of biz graduates
CFO optimism at all-time high in Q4CFO optimism at all-time high in Q4
On Halloween  a look at reportedly haunted sites in the U.S. militaryBy Dan Lamothe October 31 Follow @danlamothe
Tower 8 at the United States Disciplinary Barracks at Fort Leavenworth, Kan., has been shut down for years, but occasionally the control tower is said to receive phone calls from a ghostly guard. (Defense Department photo by Sgt. 1st Class Raymond Piper)
In the middle of World War II at Fort Leavenworth, Kans., a prisoner uprising led to a major crackdown: 14 prisoners were hanged, with one dying each hour. There wasn’t enough room at the gallows, however, so the authorities turned to using an elevator shaft in an administration building — and to this day, it is haunted.
That’s one of the tales that is passed around the U.S. military, especially around Halloween. The ghost stories are shared not only around the smoke pit and camp fire, but in some military publications.
The uprising story received attention two years ago in Soldiers, the U.S. Army’s official magazine. The base’s Old Disciplinary Barracks, mostly torn down in 2004, are also the home of a supposedly haunted guard tower from which random phone calls are still being made, long after it has stopped being used.
The base is far from the only home to ghost stories. Take the USS Hornet . The aircraft carrier was commissioned in 1943 during World War II, and saw major combat in the Pacific in the following years. It was decommissioned in 1970, according to the Naval Historical Center, and is now billed as the most haunted U.S. ship in history. More than 300 people are said to have died while it was in use, with the cause of deaths ranging from industrial accidents to suicides.
The USS Hornet, CV-12, is shown here in the western Pacific around June 1945. (U.S. Navy photo courtesy the National Archives)
Now a floating museum that is docked in Alameda, Calif., its caretakers say that ghosts have been sensed in its brig, sick bay, mess deck and missile assembly room, among other locations. A “Monster’s Ball” event was held there this week, and billed as an event on board “the haunted aircraft carrier .”
Another ship dogged by ghost stories is the USS Arizona, which was bombed during the Dec. 7, 1941, attack on Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, and mostly submerged in water within minutes. The remains of more than 1,100 officers and crewmen are still entombed inside, nearly half of all those killed in the devastating aerial bombardment by Japanese forces.
The USS Arizona burns in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, on Dec. 7, 1941. Ghost watchers say the site occasionally sees paranormal activity. (U.S. Navy photograph courtesy the National Archives Collection)
The military is careful in representing the Arizona, a national landmark. It was featured on the Syfy TV show “Ghost Hunters” in 2011 as part of a broader episode about Pearl Harbor’s past.
In another ghost story in Washington, D.C., the military has perpetuated a story about the F-105 jet inside the Arnold gate at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling being haunted by an angry spirit. An article that first appeared in the base newspaper in 1997 reported that a skeletal phantom of some kind was seen on Halloween in 1980, terrifying a lone security policeman drawn to the plane.
“As he stepped from the blue and white patrol car, for a reason he could not understand, he thought he felt the icy touch of a skeletal finger lightly scratch the back of his neck,” the report said. “He turned, expecting to see a person, but noticed only the unnatural red-white glow cast by the revolving light of his patrol car on the grassy island just beyond the aircraft.”
U.S. Naval Station Guantanamo Bay’s Bayview Complex is known on base for the stories of spirits which linger there. The building’s upstairs “Terrace Room,” iluminated here, is where most reported encounters occur. (Photo by Army Sgt. Sarah Stannard)
At the Navy’s base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, a building known as the Bayview Complex is well known because of the spirits that live there. Built in 1943 as a club for officers, it has seen “four notorious hauntings,” according to a 2007 news release by U.S. Southern Command , which oversees the base. The most famous is known as the woman in white, and who used to live in an apartment in the club until she was found dead in a bathtub.
“The woman in white is said to be an elderly woman with white hair and a long white dress,” the report said. “She is often seen seated in one of the club’s front, second-floor windows, looking out over what is now the parking lot.”
Even war zones get in on the action. In 2009, Marines in Afghanistan’s Helmand province reported they had encountered a number unnerving episodes at a small base, Observation Point Rock. A story originally published by The Times of London  said they had found graves there, and were told by nearby villagers that the place was considered cursed. One Marine said he was approached in the middle of the night, and heard a voice speaking to him in Russian.
Russian soldiers are said to have been executed there by Afghan militants during the Kremlin’s long occupation of the country.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Sexist slur against Nikki Haley a gaffeSexist slur against Nikki Haley; media calls it only a 'gaffe'
By Arun Kumar | IANS India Private Limited/Yahoo India News –  Sat 1 Nov, 2014
Van Gaal blasts 'disgusting, disrespectful' transfer talk
LONDON (Reuters) - Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has described reports that he is set to spend up to 200 million pounds ($312 million) in the transfer market as "disgusting" and "disrespectful". United spent around 150 million pounds in the close season on players, including British record signing Angel Di Maria from Real Madrid, in an effort to rebound from a poor campaign when they failed to qualify for this season's Champions League. According to British media reports, the …
Rooney and Van Persie may heap more misery on Southampton
By Sam Holden LONDON (Reuters) - Southampton will be hoping Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal does not pair Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie together in attack for Monday night's Premier League fixture at St Mary's. Van Gaal said on Friday that Rooney would return from the knee injury that ruled him out of Wednesday's 2-1 home win over Stoke City. The United captain and Dutchman Van Persie have enjoyed a lot of success against Southampton in the past and may team up again, although Van …
Forget points, just play, Koeman says ahead of United visit
By Ossian Shine SOUTHAMPTON, England (Reuters) - Beyond personal scores to be settled or Premier League points to be won, Ronald Koeman simply wants his Southampton players to produce the sizzling football he knows they have within them when Manchester United come visiting on Monday night. But the Dutch bulwark also knows a win is just what his team needs to draw a line under a blip which is threatening to mushroom into something capable of derailing what has been a breathtaking start to the …
Van Gaal rekindles spirit as United dare to dream again
By Ed Osmond LONDON (Reuters) - Four wins a row have lifted Manchester United into the Premier League's top four and Louis van Gaal's managerial reign is beginning to bear fruit after a difficult start. Although home victories over Crystal Palace, Hull City and Stoke City would not normally set pulses racing at Old Trafford, the gutsy win at Arsenal showed signs of the fierce team spirit that underpinned Alex Ferguson's glittering reign at the club. ... …
Diego Simeone rubbishes Godin’s move to Old Trafford and calls it a mistake.
Diego Simeone has laughed off speculations on move of Atletico Madrid defender Diego Godin to Manchester United. …
Washington, Nov 1 (IANS) Reflecting the falling standard of US politics, the Democratic opponent of South Carolina's Indian-origin Governor Nikki Haley called her a "whore", but more shockingly the mainstream US media largely ignored the story.
Born Nimrata Nikki Randhawa, the daughter of Sikh immigrant parents, herself addressed her opponent's sexist comments this week saying Vincent Sheheen's laughter after "accidentally" calling her a "whore" was like "a kick in the gut."
But the Washington Post blog 'The Fix' chose to ignore the larger issue.
It instead focused on the 'unhappiness' of Ann Romney, the wife of President Barack Obama's 2012 Republican opponent and how Sheheen had become a headache for the Democrats.
"Sheheen accidentally said the word 'whore.' And Ann Romney is not happy about it," the Fix wrote suggesting Sheheen "tripped over his words in a stump speech lambasting" Haley.
"You probably haven't heard much about" Sheheen "for one simple reason:
He has virtually no shot of unseating" Haley, it said.
"But now Sheheen has become a headache for Democrats nationally after calling Haley a 'whore' on the stump."
USA Today cited WIS-TV for Haley's comments about State Senator "Sheheen's use of the sexist slur, captured on video last week by the Morning News in Florence, South Carlolina.
Sheheen can be heard saying, "we are going to escort whore out the door," about a minute into his remarks and then corrected himself by adding, "we're going to escort her out the door."
The chuckling came when the crowd responded to his remarks with applause.
Sheheen apologized during a radio appearance Monday, saying his words were "garbled" "but the damage was done," USA Today commented.
Ann Romney blasted Sheheen's original comment and called it "unacceptable" in an interview with CNN. Republican senator Ted Cruz, denounced what he called a "personal attack" on Haley, his friend, in a Facebook post.
Local South Carolina media outlet FITS reported more fully Haley's statements "in response to her Democratic opponent (inadvertently?) calling her a 'whore.'".
Sheheen's "gaffe" it said "has since erupted into a major story (and a major problem for Sheheen's already flagging candidacy)."
"I haven't spent a lot of time on this and you have not heard me talk about it and it's because whether it was a gaffe or not, I really don't care," Haley was quoted as saying at a news conference.
"I'm a tough girl, I can handle that. The laughing afterwards (though), was a kick in the gut. The comment that sometimes you've gotta tell the truth, that was tough. But, having said that, I'm not going to waste my time on that."
But NewsBusters, which calls itself a "media watchdog in documenting, exposing and neutralizing liberal media bias" lambasted the mainstream media for ignoring the story.
If a Republican candidate "had said anything like that, it would become national news story more important than even Ebola within minutes," it commented.
"So why is it only news at about a dozen web-based centre-right outlets" it wondered.
(Arun Kumar can be contacted at arun.kumar@ians.in)

Abortion law upheld by minority vote [UPDATED]By Will Baude November 1
There have been a lot of abortion-related cases in the news lately, but last week I noticed this case from the Supreme Court of North Dakota that struck me as particularly noteworthy. The court upheld a state abortion law against a federal constitutional challenge by a 2-3 vote. That is, two justices in favor, three against, and the two won. (Original link, and more links, all via Howard Bashman .)
Apparently North Dakota has a constitutional rule that requires a supermajority to invalidate a statute, and it applies that rule not only to state constitutional claims to federal constitutional claims. My first reaction was huh, that’s weird. My second reaction was can they do that?
I’ve read a few articles about supermajority rules generally, but none of them really seemed to get at whether a state could impose such a rule on federal claims on its own initiative. (A lot of the citations are in this recent essay by Jeremy Waldron ; Waldron doesn’t really answer the doctrinal question of whether such a rule can control federal claims). I also noticed a series of dissenting opinions by various justices questioning the validity of the supermajority rule, but they didn’t tend to be doctrinally detailed.
So what’s the best way to think about this? I’m not sure. A few possibilities:
Due Process: The Supreme Court has repeatedly held that the due process clause entitles litigants to a certain kind of unbiased adjudicator . A rule that says that challengers need to convince four of the five justices on the court is sort of equivalent to a rule that says that there are seven justices on the court but two of them have decided that they always vote against your claim, no matter what the facts and no matter what the law. Maybe that would be a due process problem, and if so maybe this is a due process problem by analogy. But only by analogy.
Preemption: State courts are generally supposed to apply federal doctrines of constitutional law when deciding federal constitutional claims. If the Supreme Court says that abortion rights are regulated by an “undue burden” test, lower courts aren’t supposed to demand a “superstrong undue burden” instead. For reasons detailed by Adrian Vermeule and Jacob Gersen , doctrinal deference and voting rules can be translated into one another. So demanding a supermajority vote to overturn an abortion statute is kind of like imposing a superstrong undue burden test. But only kind of.
Testa v. Katt , Haywood v. Drown , etc.: In a series of cases that bedevil federal courts students every year, the Supreme Court has restricted the ability of state courts to close themselves off to federal claims. But in general those restrictions have targeted states that either treat federal claims less favorably than analogous state claims or states that refuse to even entertain certain claims. Neither of those is quite true here — the state applies the same deference to state constitutional and federal constitutional claims, and it’s not refusing to hear the cases entirely.
If there’s a better way to think about this, or a good case or article on point, I welcome suggestions in the comments.
UPDATE: Several of the thoughts and suggestions so far will merit a follow-up post, but for now I thought I’d mention just that further research has revealed the following two footnotes that briefly address this problem:
To the extent that this clause might direct the state’s highest court to affirmatively enforce a state statute despite the fact that a court majority deems the statute contrary to the U.S. Constitution, this clause plainly violates the federal supremacy clause, which specifically addresses state judges and obliges them to prioritize the U.S. Constitution over a mere state statute. No other state follows the North Dakota or Nebraska model. Instead, majority rule generally prevails on state courts. For an excellent discussion, see Evan H. Caminker, Thayerian Deference to Congress and Supreme Court Supermajority Rule: Lessons from the Past, 78 Ind. L.J. 73 (2003).
Akhil Reed Amar, Lex Majoris Partis : How the Senate Can End the Filibuster on Any Day by Simple Majority Rule, 63 Duke L.J. 1483, 1488 n.8 (2014)
One could mount several types of challenges to congressional adoption by statute of a supermajority rule for the Supreme Court. First, one could argue that Article III implicitly mandates that the Supreme Court decide cases by bare-majority rule, notwithstanding silence by the text and Framers on this issue. Second, one could argue that Congress lacks delegated authority to prescribe voting protocols for the Supreme Court, though the Necessary and Proper Clause seems on its face to suggest otherwise. Third, one could argue that Article III implicitly grants the Supreme Court exclusive, or at least final, authority to determine for itself how to decide cases, including the choice of voting procedures and protocols. Fourth, one could argue that even if Congress could impose some voting protocols on the Supreme Court, Congress could not impose any protocols that would sometimes dictate the outcome or rule of law imposed in particular cases. Fifth, one could argue that this particular protocol violates separation of powers principles because it purports to aggrandize power to Congress itself. Sixth, one could argue that a supermajority protocol targeting constitutional challenges to federal statutes would require that the Court essentially decide legal issues rather than (or in addition to) deciding cases, and this would contravene the case or controversy requirement or otherwise interfere with the proper function of an Article III court. Perhaps in recognition of these at least plausible constitutional concerns, twelve of the fourteen federal supermajority proposals introduced since 1968 were couched as constitutional amendments rather than statutory dictates. See infra app. at 121-22. I consider these constitutional challenges to a congressionally dictated supermajority rule in Evan H. Caminker, Playing with Voting Protocols on the Supreme Court (unpublished manuscript, draft on file with author).
Evan H. Caminker, Thayerian Deference to Congress and Supreme Court Supermajority Rule: Lessons from the Past, 78 Ind. L.J. 73, 77 n.12 (2003)
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

I dont have a remote to score in every match: KohliTweet
0
Lashing out at his critics for doubting his technique, Indian batsman Virat Kohli has said that all he needed was to get his confidence back, which he has done following the disappointing series against England earlier this year. 
Kohli, speaking ahead of the first One Day International (ODI) against Sri Lanka at Cuttack starting this Sunday, said : “Talks are for people to discuss. I mean there has to be something for people to talk about… I'm not really bothered.
"I don't know how I got 25 hundreds with the same technique — you can start a debate on that as well." 
He added: "Yes there're some things that I felt personally to work on. It's just been a process to get my confidence back. It's much about mentally and not much about technique as otherwise you start spoiling your game."
The 25-year-old, captaining India in the first 3 ODIs of the 5-match series in the absence of MS Dhoni – who has been rested, wasn’t too happy about how the media and cricketing world has been hyping up his poor performances, of late. He said: "I don't know why there's been so much of hype about my bad phase. Either they think I don't deserve to be in the bad phase or they think I have a remote to score runs in every match. I know what all I've learnt from that phase. 
I take everything normally — good or bad performance. It's just a day in life." 
Originally published on Sportskeeda.com here
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Indra Nooyi-headed Pepsi-Co backs India s IPRBayer
(Indra Nooyi-headed Pepsi-Co…)
NEW DELHI: US pharmaceutical companies may be gunning for India's patent regime, but New Delhi has found a prominent MNC ally in this high-profile dispute. Indra Nooyi-headed Pepsi-Co has backed India's regime of intellectual property rights, it said in comments to the US Trade Representative.
PepsiCo, the $66 billion food and beverage giant, joins other USheadquartered companies such as aircraft maker Boeing and conglomerate Honeywell Inc , which earlier this year expressed satisfaction with India's IPR policy regime before the US Trade Representative's office, which is reviewing the effectiveness of the country's policies in protecting innovation.
"PepsiCo has been successful in working with the Indian government to secure and enforce its IPR. We applaud the substantial steps India has taken over the 25 years that PepsiCo has had significant presence in India to improve the ability to seek and enforce IPR," according to a submission by Thomas P Schlur, chief counsel of IP at PepsiCo, to the USTR on Friday, which was reviewed by ET.US drug firms are lobbying with their government to pressure India to change some of its patent policies, which they say are detrimental to innovation and investment. Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), a grouping of leading drug innovators, German company Bayer, and Biotechnology Industry Organization, an alliance of biotech firms, continued to attack India for its weak IPR policies in their latest submissions.
But none of them has pushed strongly for a downgrade of India, which would result in sanctions, at this juncture. The USTR, while announcing an 'out of cycle' review early this month, had already made it clear that it will not revisit India's designation in 2014.
PepsiCo says India is one of its largest and fastest-growing markets and the company has committed to invest an additional $5.5 billion in the country by 2020. India-born Nooyi is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Pepsi-Co. Calling intellectual property protection and enforcement a cornerstone of its businesses, Schlur said, "PepsiCo has registered a significant number of its trademarks in India and protects many of its inventions through patents in India."
Among its smaller cribs, Pepsi counts delays in trademark processing and burdensome annual data filing requirements on how the company is working its patents in the country. PhRMA's vice president Jay Taylor told the USTR that it has failed 'to secure high-level meetings with Indian foreign officials, despite repeated attempts' sand India should disband a panel it has set up under its health ministry to consider cases of government-initiated compulsory licensing for patented drugs.
Compulsory licensing is when a government allows someone else to produce a patented product or process without the consent of the patent owner.Indian law allows the government to give license to generic drug firms to make cheaper versions of patented drugs in case of national emergencies, extreme urgency or public non-commercial uses.PhRMA also wants India's patent grant system to be linked to its drug approval system and so that the regulator doesn't dole out marketing approvals to drugs under patent.
Taylor, along with Phil Blake, president of Bayer Corp , urged the US to make India promise it would never mull compulsory licensing on the ground that a foreign company failed to make the drug locally and explain it.
It was Bayer's liver cancer drug Nexavar, for which the Indian patent office issued the first compulsory license in 2012. Bayer went on to urge the US government to extract a commitment from India that it will not issue such licences without a dialogue with the patent-owners (under section 84 of the Indian Patents Act) and unless it meets genuine public health emergencies, as envisaged in its global commitments.
Compulsory licensing is one of the flexibilities on patent protection included in the World Trade Organization's agreement on intellectual property — the Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights Agreement.
The TRIPS Agreement does not specifically list the reasons that might be used to justify compulsory licensing. While section 84 of the Indian Patents Act allows a generic drugmaker to apply for a CL, section 92 empowers the government to initiate the process to seek applications for such a license.
Industry bodies such as US Chamber of Commerce and US India Business Council have voiced similar IP-related concerns, including seeking data protection and demanding that India relax its additional patentability criteria for incremental innovation. The USTR, under its annual "Special 301" Report on the adequacy and effectiveness of trading partners' protection and enforcement of IPR, has been reviewing whether India's IP regime has deteriorated enough to warrant a downgrade in its status to 'Priority Foreign Country.'
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government trying to rope in banks to unearth black moneyGovernment trying to rope in banks to unearth black money
Black money: PM Modi turns generous towards UPABlack money: PM Modi turns generous towards UPA
What is the best age to start your own businessWhy Your Late 30s Are The Best Time To Start A Business
By Drake Baer | Business Insider –  Tue 28 Oct, 2014 1:17 AM IST
Print
>>
Getty Images/Bill Pugliano Jack Dorsey is 37 years old. Research says that's the perfect age to start a business.
Youth and startup success are practically synonymous.
It's no secret that  Bill Gates , Steve Jobs , and  Mark Zuckerberg  all became successful in their 20s.
But research gathered by Babson College and Baruch College suggests that the best time to start a business is in your late 30s.
 
1. Buy right.
Know the true value of your product, and be willing to set aside your own wants. Keep your hobby-self in check, or you'll end up with a closet full of unsalable stuff.  Sometimes ... more 
1. Buy right.
Know the true value of your product, and be willing to set aside your own wants. Keep your hobby-self in check, or you'll end up with a closet full of unsalable stuff.  Sometimes collectors counter-offer and want Hembrough to pay more for their toy. He will often pass on the purchase because he knows what toy collectors are willing to pay for that particular item in that condition. He might be dying to own that toy, but he stays focused on the profit-and-loss realities. less 
1 / 5

Halloween Weekend Reading: 10 Dark & Spooky Graphic Novel Picks for hiding between their covers“The Graveyard Book (Vol. 2),” by Neil Gaiman, adapted by P. Craig Russell. (courtesy of Harper)
 
WHAT’S BETTER THAN reading the eerily inviting prose of Neil Gaiman’s brilliant “The Graveyard Book”? For the comics fan, that would be turning your jack-o’-lantern light toward P. Craig Russell’s new two-book visual adaptation of the work — the second volume of which landed this month.
Russell assembled a dream team of fellow artists to graphically adapt “Graveyard Book” (Harper), including Kevin Nowlan, Galen Showman, Scott Hampton, David LaFuente, and the duo of Tony Harris and Scott Hampton — who each breathe separate stylistic life into their own chapters, yet the overall effect is as beautifully fluid as a crimson bloodstream. Gaiman himself tells The Post’s Comic Riffs that the overall effect makes “for just a wonderful book.”
Yet adapting all that perfect prose to a few hundred illustrated pages wasn’t unlike the art of carving a pumpkin: The aim is to illuminate the work even as you put your own face on it — an order that requires a surgeon’s precision in knowing what must be cut.
“It’s like working with a surgical knife,” Russell tells Comic Riffs. “The challenge is to take it apart — literally sentence by sentence — and to cut half or more of it out.”
Did we mention that “Graveyard” — the full YA prose work — is beloved as is, and remains the only book to win both the Newbery and Carnegie medals? In trimming Gaiman’s deliciously meaty passages, you’re not exactly working with chopped liver, let alone sliced pumpkin.
“You don’t want the reader to have a sense of missing anything,” says Russell, who has teamed with Gaiman before to great effect over two decades, on such graphic works as the sublime “Coraline” and “Sandman: The Dream Hunters.”
“You can’t put in blocks of pure prose, [but] you can cut out places where it’s a description,” Russell (“Fairy Tales of Oscar Wilde”) tells Comic Riffs of his process. “I tell the artists: ‘Read the story and get to those parts.” The mission is: Show what you can instead, through the power of the picture.
“You can even have things going on in this picture that aren’t in the story already,” Russell says by phone from his home state of Ohio. “When I did murder mysteries, it was almost like a silent movie. You can have a little girl on a swing, back-shadowing what happens, and that’s not really in the text.
“You get so familiar with that text, going over and over it, that you put your own sensibility and interpretation on it, without subverting the original text,” continues Russell, who notes that he and Gaiman have collaborated so often, Neil soon leaves him to his own devices. “You try to bring something to the visualization of it.”
The prose “Graveyard Book” opens with a grisly murder mystery of its own, as a boy’s parents are slain in their home — but the very young boy toddles off to a graveyard, where he is adopted by its dwellers of the afterlife (who name him Bod, as in “nobody”). In Russell’s adaptation, the mood is set immediately by the darkly noir, black-blue setting, and the point of a blade shocks with red menace — an artistic touch wielded with its own surgical precision.
The graphic goal, Russell says, is “to sharpen these scenes.”
“The most fun part of the whole thing,” Russell adds with emphasis, “is to come up with the visual structure.”
Another stunning Gaiman work is his new “reimagining” of the Grimm Brothers’ “Hansel & Gretel” (TOON Books), with the Eisner-winning Lorenzo Mattotti (“Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde”) providing the haunting illustrations.
Part of what makes this spin on the classic of attempted gingerbread-spun homicide so engaging is Gaiman’s signature crisp description, as the physical becomes strikingly tangible, right down to the rusty bars of a cage. And here, the “old woman” can’t help but remind of “Coraline,” with the dark side of a maternal baker turned lethal — the homespun spun into the darkest of homes.
Also, wisely, the authors let their work live on separate pages. The reader can concentrate of Gaiman’s prose, then turn the page and be overwhelmed by the pitch-black brushstrokes of Mattotti’s chilling silhouettes.
Of course, all of Halloween weekend is primed for reading tales of horror and mystery. Here are Eight More Dark and Spooky Picks (of recent vintage) from Comic Riffs:
1. “Desmond Puckett and the Mountain Full of Monsters” (Andrews McMeel): If that boy of silent horrors, the title character in the syndicated strip “Lio,” were in sixth grade and could talk, he might well be another Mark Tatulli creation: Desmond Puckett, who returns here for more (junior-)high jinks during a class trip. This hybrid YA “graphic prose novel” should engage readers who like “Diary of a Wimpy Kid” or “Big Nate” books.
2. “The Man Who Laughs” (Abrams): Who’s creepier than Batman’s the Joker? Perhaps the tragic character who inspired the Joker. Writer David Hine and artist Mark Stafford adapt Victor Hugo’s 1869 work “The Man Who Laughs,” a satire of the early 18th-century British judicial system. It’ll make you smile, but darkly.
3. “Stieg Larsson’s The Girl Who Played With Fire” (DC/Vertigo): Scottish crime author Denise Mina (“Hellblazer”) is a masterful fit to adapt Salander’s world.
4. “Black Hand Comics” (Image): From gravediggers who deal in the undead to a propulsive tale of a man fleeing a cult, Wes Craig’s collected graphic stories are like a circus ride of jangled nerves and shadowy fears.
5. “Afterlife With Archie” (Archie Comics): There’s a reason why the undead Archie has been such a hit; the dark pathos is expertly ratcheted up. I particularly relished Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa’s “Escape From Riverdale: Exodus (Chapter 5),” with glorious, Halloween-tinted art by Francesco Francavilla.
6. “Chew (The Omnivore Edition, Vol. 4),” (Image): “Cibopathic”! “Cibovoyant”! And cannibalism! The meaty fun gets delicious twists in the “Bad Apples” and “Family Recipes” stories about agent Tony Chu — as writer John Layman and artist Rob Guillory keep up their Eisner-winning quality.
7. “Frankenweenie” (Disney): Tim Burton’s charming film of a boy and his dead (reanimated) dog is made highly accessible to young readers in this 2014 graphic novel adaptation, while retaining its ghoulish mood.
8. “The Walking Dead: All Out War (Artist Proof Edition),” (Image): What’s more raw than zombie-gnawed flesh? Perhaps the beautiful pencils of Charlie Adlard, who lets you soak up his seductive crosshatching and crunchy anatomy as he brings Robert Kirkman’s walking dead to graphite-gray life.
Happy Halloween.
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

Suspect Identified In Graffiti Vandalism Cases In National ParksFederal Officials Identify Casey Nocket As 'Major Suspect' In National Parks Graffiti Cases
Reuters
Alleged graffiti from artist Casey Nocket on a wall of a women's bathroom stall at The Ginn Mill bar in LoDo October 23, 2014. (Photo By Andy Cross / The Denver Post)
By Steve Gorman
LOS ANGELES, Oct 30 (Reuters) - Federal officials have  publicly identified a woman suspected of graffiti vandalism in  at least eight national parks across the West, including  Yosemite and Death Valley in California, and credit social media  for helping pinpoint the alleged culprit.
Casey Nocket of New York state has not been arrested or  charged but was confirmed on Thursday as "the major suspect" in  an investigation of one of the most widespread acts of serial  vandalism documented in the National Park System.
The case was brought to light in a series of photos obtained  and posted by the Internet blog Modern Hiker and furnished to  the National Park Service picturing numerous graffiti drawings,  all signed "Creepytings" and dated 2014.
One shows a woman the blog identified as Nocket putting the  finishing touches on an acrylic drawing of a cigarette-smoking  figure scrawled on a canyon wall at Utah's Canyonlands National  Park in June.
Others show drawings of a woman with blue hair on a ledge  overlooking Oregon's Crater Lake and a bald man with a snake  protruding from his mouth on a trailside rock in California's  Yosemite National Park.
The Park Service said initially it was investigating such  vandalism in at least 10 Western national parks.
But agency spokeswoman Alexandra Picavet said on Thursday  that Nocket had been tied as a suspect to graffiti in eight  parks - Yosemite, Death Valley and Joshua Tree in California;  Crater Lake in Oregon; Zion and Canyonlands in Utah; and Rocky  Mountain National Park and Colorado National Monument in  Colorado.
Although instant gratification afforded by social media  exposure was cited in a New York Times report last year for a  rise in graffiti defacings on public lands, Picavet said social  media in this case played a key role in the investigation.
The Modern Hiker said its photos were gathered earlier this  month by screen shots taken of the suspect's Instagram and  Tumblr accounts, which have since been set to "Private."
Park Service investigators also received numerous photos and  other information from members of the public outraged over the  defacings, Picavet said.
Vandalism is a federal misdemeanor punishable by up to a  year in jail and a $5,000 fine, although prosecutors could  decide to bring more serious charges.
"This is an open investigation," Picavet said.
Yosemite spokeswoman Kari Cobb said vandalism occurred there  occasionally but was "not common." She added: "As far as a  widespread case like this, it's the first one I'm aware of."         (Reporting by Steve Gorman; Editing by Peter Cooney)
Also on HuffPost:

Upsets galore as Liverpool  Barcelona  Rome loseMadrid climbs above Barcelona; Chelsea wins again
By The Associated Press | Associated Press –  Sun 2 Nov, 2014
View Photo
FC Barcelona's Luis Suarez, from Uruguay, reacts against Celta de Vigo during …
Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 17th league goal of the season and 22nd in all competitions to help Real Madrid take the Spanish league lead Saturday after Celta Vigo won at Barcelona's home field for the first time in 72 years.
Other top European teams avoided upsets, with Bayern Munich and Chelsea both needing late penalty kicks for 2-1 home victories.
Juventus took advantage of Roma's loss to open a three-point lead in the Serie A, while Paris Saint-Germain pulled within a point of leader Marseille in the French league.
Here is a look Saturday's games in the top European leagues.
___
SPAIN
Joaquin Larrivey's 55th-minute goal gave Celta a 1-0 win against former coach Luis Enrique, its first victory at the power's home field since 1942 at Les Corts Stadium. Lionel Messi and Neymar each hit the goal frame twice and goalkeeper Sergio Alvarez made two reflex saves to keep Messi at 250 league goals, one shy of Telmo Zarra's record.
Ronaldo scored in his 12th straight game in all competitions, getting a second-minute goal in a 4-0 win at Granada.
James Rodriguez added goals in the 31st and 86th minutes, and Karim Benzema scored in the 54th.
Real Madrid (8-2) moved one point in front of Atletico Madrid (7-1-2), with Barcelona (7-2-1) another point back following its second straight loss. Antoine Griezmann scored his first two league goals this season in Atletico's 4-2 win over visiting Cordoba. Mario Mandzukic and Raul Garcia also scored for the hosts.
Sevilla (7-1-1) would move into first with a win Sunday at Athletic Bilbao.
___
ENGLAND
Eden Hazard converted a tiebreaking 75th-minute penalty kick to give Chelsea a 2-1 win at home over Queens Park Rangers that maintained the Blues' four-point lead in the Premier League.
Oscar put Chelsea (8-0-2) ahead in the 32nd minute with a long-range shot, but Charlie Austin tied the score with a back-heeled flick in the 62nd. Hazard was fouled by Eduardo Vargas, setting up the penalty kick.
Second-place Southampton (7-2-1) won 1-0 at Hull on Victor Wanyama's third-minute goal. Third-place Manchester City (5-2-2) hosts eighth-place Manchester United (3-2-4) on Sunday.
Arsenal, fourth at 4-1-5, won 3-0 at home against last-place Burnley as Alexis Sanchez scored in the 70th minute and in stoppage time, and Calum Chambers got a goal in the 72nd.
Liverpool (4-4-2) is seventh after a 1-0 loss at Newcastle, which got a 74th-minute goal from Ayoze Perez for its  fourth straight win in all competitions.
Everton and American goalkeeper Tim Howard tied 0-0 with Swansea, West Ham drew 2-2 at Stoke and West Bromwich Albion won 1-0 at Leicester.
___
GERMANY
Arjen Robben's 85th-minute penalty kick gave Bundesliga leader Bayern Munich a 2-1 win over Borussia Dortmund that left the visitors in the Bundesliga's relegation zone.
Marco Reus gave Dortmund (2-7-1) a 31st-minute lead with a header from Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang's deep cross. Robert Lewandowski tied the score against his former team in the 72nd minute after a failed clearance by Neven Subotic.
Subotic also pulled Franck Ribery, who fell and earned the penalty kick for Bayern (7-0-3).
Rafael van der Vaart's penalty in the 26th minute earned Hamburg (2-5-3) a 1-0 win over Bayer Leverkusen to move out of the relegation zone.
___
ITALY
Andrea Pirlo scored his first goal of the season as defending champion Juventus (8-1-1) won 2-0 at Empoli to open a three-point lead over Roma in the Italian league.
The 35-year-old Pirlo scored in the 61st with his 26th Serie A goal on a free kick, one behind Sinisa Mihajlovic's record. Alvaro Morata added a goal in the 72nd.
Gonzalo Higuain scored in the third minute, his fifth goal in six days, to help host Napoli to a 2-0 win over second-place Roma (7-2-1).
Paolo De Ceglie scored in the fifth and 76th minutes to give Parma (2-8) a 2-0 win against Inter Milan (4-3-3) that moved the hosts out of last place.
___
FRANCE
Edinson Cavani scored in the 61st minute and substitute Jean-Christophe Bahebeck in the 68th as defending champion Paris Saint-Germain (6-0-6) rallied for a 2-1 win at Lorient 2-1 and pulled within one point of French league leader Marseille.
Raphael Guerreiro put Lorient ahead in the 42nd.
Marseille (8-2-1) hosts Lens on Sunday.
Third-place Lyon (7-3-2) stayed one point behind PSG, beating Nice 3-1 as Alexandre Lacazette scored twice, tying Marseille's Andre-Pierre Gignac at 10 goals for the league lead.
Recommend

Vadra attacks media when questioned about land dealRobert Vadra attacks media when questioned about land deal
Recommend
Link
1 month 5 days ago, TIMES NOW
Congress President Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra attacks a journalist when he was questioned about his land deals in Haryana at Ashoka hotel. When Vadra was asked to comment on his deals, he kept asking the reporter, 'Are you serious?' before shoving the microphone. He asks the reporter to turn off their camera and says, 'Are you nuts'.
More on TIMES NOW:

http://twitter.com/NickT...http://twitter.com/nickt...
In Pics:  Kiss of Love  fizzles outComments
The much-hyped 'Kiss of Love' event set to take place in Kochi on Sunday, failed to take off as police detained the organisers and sympathisers, including women, even before they could reach the venue of the symbolic protest against moral policing. Just as the march began at around 4pm, the police team led by DCP (Law and Order), R Nishantini, took the organisers and sympathisers into custody and bundled them into a police van as they raised slogans against moral policing.
Protesters on Sunday blocked roads leading to Kochi’s Marine Drive, the venue for ‘Kiss of Love’ — a mass-kissing campaign against alleged moral policing by right-wing groups. (PTI Photo)
Though organisers had claimed that 5000 activists would take part in the event many pro-kiss activists backed out at the eleventh hour fearing violence. (HT Photo)
50-odd activists were planning to march towards Marine Drive the venue of the event when they were stopped by the police. (PTI Photo)
Since morning many anti-kiss drive activists had swarmed Marine Drive and assembled at vantage points insisting that they won’t allow the event come what may. (PTI Photo)
The police detained the organisers and sympathisers, including women, even before they could reach the venue of the symbolic protest against moral policing. (HT Photo)
A police team led by DCP (Law and Order), R Nishantini, took the organisers and sympathisers into custody and bundled them into a police van.(HT Photo)

New insider trade rules in the offingNew insider trade rules in the offing
Burkina army vows unity govt as protesters denounce power grabBurkina army vows unity govt as protesters denounce power grab
Dollar climbs on yen  BOJ passes baton to ECB2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

Revival in car sales may take some more timeRevival in car sales may take some more time
Rajani Sankaran takes over as BHAVINI chiefUpdated: November 2, 2014 02:55 IST
Rajani Sankaran takes over as BHAVINI chief
PTI
economy, business and finance
Senior IAAS officer Rajani Sankaran on Saturday took over as Chairman and Managing Director of Bharatiya Nabhikiya Vidyut Nigam Ltd (BHAVINI).
“As I retired yesterday[Friday], our Director [Finance] Rajani Sankaran has taken over as Chairman and Managing Director, Bhavini from today. It is a temporary posting for three months till a new head for the company is finalised,” former BHAVINI CMD Prabhat Kumar told PTI.
Asked whether she was the first woman to head a nuclear establishment, he said, “It is true. Though she is a bureaucrat, I am sure she has the potential to head the company until a new head is finalised.”
A 1989 batch IAAS officer, Ms.Sankaran had a Fellowship in International Auditing from the General Accountability Office, USA. She was earlier Accountant General (Commercial and Receipt Audit), Tamil Nadu, Principal Director of Audit (South Central Railway) and Southern Railway.

Sensex  Nifty Set to Outperform Amid Global EuphoriaIndia Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
The Sensex and Nifty are likely to make new highs in the coming week as the markets are in an unchartered territory and euphoria has set in globally.
On Friday, the Bank of Japan (BoJ) unleashed a big bond-buying stimulus, which sent the Nikkei index up 5 per cent to a new 52-week high. The Sensex and Nifty also got a boost and the indices ended with over 3.5 per cent gains.
Foreign flows returned with aggressive buying in front-line and mid cap stocks, and bears were seen scrambling for cover.
Indian market outperformance was best visible in early October, when domestic indices corrected barely 3 per cent in comparison to over 10 per cent correction in most global indices. Over the past fortnight, the Sensex and Nifty have led from the front though.
The Nifty has recovered over 650 points from October 16 (7,700) to October 31 (8,350).
Strong gains in Indian markets have despite earnings disappointment from index heavyweights like HUL, ICICI Bank and ACC.
Market-wide strong rollovers and short covering was seen in the IT heavyweights. Exchanges also recorded highest ever turnover on Thursday amid F&O expiry, surpassing the 10 lakh crore mark.
Top three Nifty gainers were GAIL India, up 9.8 per cent, Hindalco, 9.7 per cent, and HDFC, up 7.2 per cent. And top three losers were Bharti Airtel, down 2.8 per cent, JSPL, down 2.4 per cent, and HUL, down 1.9 per cent.
Domestic gold prices closed below Rs 26,000 - the lowest level in three years, and the 10-year government bond's yield fell to 8.29 per cent, which is a new 20 month-low. The rupee, however, weakened to 61.40 against dollar tracking strength in the greenback.
The week ahead will see market react to a plethora of macroeconomic numbers starting with manufacturing PMI for October, September IIP, October inflation and also monthly sales numbers of auto and cement majors.
India is clearly in a sweet spot mainly on account of a strong government at the Centre, the recent reforms in the energy, coal, power and reality sectors, weakness in oil prices, weak inflation and an expected turnaround in the economy. Strong capex expansion should see India emerge as the most favored destination of investment for the next few years.
Sanjeev Bhasin is an independent market analyst. The opinions expressed here are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability or validity of any information given here. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing on the blog do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 11:30 (IST)

 Bullishness to Continue  Results to Set Tone: ExpertsIndia Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
New Delhi: The stock markets, which have hit back-to-back new highs, are expected to remain bullish in the holiday-shortened week, wherein earnings announcements and key macroeconomic data would dictate the trend, according to experts.
Some of the other factors likely to impact stock market movement include trend in global equity markets and investment activity of foreign institutional investors.
Trading would be truncated this week as the stock market would remain closed on Tuesday, November 4, on account of Muharram and on Thursday, November 6, on account of Guru Nanak Jayanti.
The Sensex concluded last week at 27,865.83, showing a robust rise of 1,014.78 points, or 3.78 per cent. Similarly, the Nifty finished at 8,322.20, breaching the 8,300-mark for the first time.
"We firmly believe the upward bias will extend further and sectors like banking, auto will continue to outperform in the coming week as well," Religare Securities president-retail distribution Jayant Manglik said.
Bonanza Portfolio Associate fund manager Hiren Dhakan said markets would remain bullish for the coming week at least and 7900-7950 would act as a strong support to Nifty over the medium term.
This week market would see a lot of data pouring in like the HSBC Manufacturing PMI data and HSBC India Services PMI. Besides, auto and cement companies would report their monthly sales figures.
In addition quarterly results would have stock-specific impact this week. Major earnings this week include those from, Dabur India, Hexaware, IRB, Canara Bank, Aurobindo Pharma, Jet Airways, L&T, Marico, Syndicate Bank and UCO Bank.
"In the near term, focus will consistently remain on further reform initiatives," Kotak Securities Head- Private Client Group Research Dipen Shah said, adding that Winter session of the Parliament will be closely watched for GST, land reforms, etc.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 17:24 (IST)

Unseen photos of  Badshah  Shah Rukh KhanCelebrity
Shah Rukh: I just got lucky
The Badshah of Bollywood is celebrating his birthday today and commenting on his stardom, SRK says he just "got lucky" and admits he has made mistakes all along.
Shah Rukh was first seen in serials like 'Fauji', 'Doosra Keval' and 'Circus'. His performance in 'Fauji' as Abhimanyu Rai was one of his early memorable roles.
1 / 29

LIC Reduces Stake in 14 Sensex FirmsSahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) lowered its exposure in 14 blue-chip firms during July-September 2014 with sale of shares that are currently worth about Rs 7,700 crore.
At the same time, the state-owned life insurer increased its stake in 10 Sensex firms by purchasing shares to the tune of over Rs 5,000 crore, as per the shareholding pattern of 30 bluechip companies on the BSE.
In five companies - Wipro, GAIL, BHEL, HeroMoto Corp and Dr Reddy's Laboratories, LIC's stake remained unchanged during the quarter. It has not held any stake in Hindustan Unilever in the past few quarters.
LIC holds a 16.97 per cent stake in Larsen & Toubro - the highest level among its holdings in Sensex firms.
At current share prices, LIC offloaded shares worth 7,700 crore in 14 Sensex constituents. At the same time, the insurance giant picked up shares valued at Rs 5,000 crore in 10 blue-chip companies.
Market analysts attributed the cut in exposure to profit booking.
The trimming of gains by the insurer coincided with a surge of around 5 per cent in BSE's benchmark index Sensex during July-September quarter.
LIC decreased its stake in Tata Group firms - Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Tata Motors, Tata Steel and Tata Power - and banking giants - State Bank of India (SBI), ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, and Hindalco, among others.
On other hand, the biggest institutional investor in the stock market shored up its holding in firms including Reliance Industries, Infosys and Bajaj Auto.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 18:20 (IST)

Man Faces Environmental Charges For Trying To Move RiverMan Faces Environmental Charges For Trying To Move River In Washington State
Reuters
reddit
SEATTLE, Oct 30 (Reuters) - A Washington state man accused  of using an excavator and a bulldozer to try to alter the Tahuya  River was charged on Thursday with environmental violations, the  state's top attorney said.
William Cayo Sr. was charged in Mason County District Court  with violating water pollution and shoreline management laws as  well as conducting unpermitted hydraulic activities in February  2013, Attorney General Bob Ferguson's office said in a  statement.
Federal biologists concluded that about 5,747 square meters  of river bed were moved to fill the active channel or otherwise  alter the streambed conditions in the river, about 50 miles west  of Seattle, Ferguson said.
Under Washington state law, a property owner can work with a  county and other agencies to develop "responsible, professional  and effective" hydraulic or shoreline projects that protect both  private property and natural resources.
"Unpermitted and improperly designed work in a riverbed or  on a shoreline, however, can damage neighboring properties,  pollute the river, and kill fish," the statement said.     (Reporting by Eric M. Johnson in Seattle; Editing by Peter  Cooney)
Also on The Huffington Post
Close
America's Most Endangered Waterways (2013)
of

NHPC to build Indias largest hydel power pl...NHPC to build India’s largest hydel power plant in Arunachal Pradesh
Mitul Thakkar, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arunachal Pradesh
((Representative Image)…)
NEW DELHI: NHPC is gearing up to build India's biggest hydro plant, a 3,000 MW project that is equivalent to about half its current total capacity and three times the size of its biggest unit, even as it brushes off concerns over competition from the private sector.
State-owned NHPC recently received approvals from the Forest Advisory Committee for Dibang hydel project in Arunachal Pradesh and plans to approach the Cabinet Committee for a final nod within a year.
"We will execute the Dibang project in partnership with one of the PSUs and the state government at an investment of Rs 15,000-16,000 crore. Due to its large scale, the per-MW project cost will be much less than the average of Rs 7-8 crore," NHPC Chairman and Managing Director RST Sai said. "Also, we will be able to execute the project faster as there are only a handful of families living at such high altitude and it will save time for their rehabilitation."
NHPC, which operates 6,500 MW of hydro power generation capacity, expects to build more plants as the Narendra Modi government pushes for faster clearances for infrastructure projects in a bid to boost the economy. The share of hydro power in the country's generation capacity has been declining as delayed environmental clearances and rehabilitation of displaced people stalled projects.
Sai said the private sector is in no position to challenge the state-owned company's dominance in generating hydro power and cited the example of the Jaypee Group , which put its hydro projects on the block to reduce debt. Executives who left for highpaying jobs now want to come back as they see a future for hydro only in NHPC, he said.
Sai's main concern is about delays in the 2,000 MW Subansiri project in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh, which is being opposed by a section of affected locals. He added that finance is not a challenge for NHPC since it has reserves to the tune of Rs 16,000 crore and the company enjoys access to low-cost funds. He is not looking at growth through the acquisition of private sector projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi govt working on Yoga modules for officialsYou are here: Home > Collections
Narendra Modi government working on Yoga modules for officials
Soma Das, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Ayurveda
(Modi, who has been practising…)
NEW DELHI: At a time when corporate houses are setting up gyms on office premises to help their employees stay fit, government officials across the country may get to dip into yoga and pranayam to heal their body and mind.
Police personnel may be the first to get to practise yoga on a regular basis at work as the department of personnel and training has urged the department of AYUSH, the nodal agency for Ayurveda and other alternative medicines, to work out such plans for government officials.
The department of AYUSH may start with a pilot of yoga modules for policemen, officials familiar with the matter told ET, adding that the feasibility of running such a programme for a larger government workforce is also being examined.
"AYUSH department is working on a proposal to introduce yoga among the police forces. Depending on how it goes and after considering other practical aspects, we will mull over scaling it up for other government officials" said an official, requesting not to be named.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who has been practising yoga for years and raves about its benefits, gave a call for observing International Yoga Day while addressing the UN General Assembly in September.
The idea has gained momentum, with about 50 countries including the US, China, Canada, Japan, Brazil and South Africa endorsing it till last week by signing up for cosponsorship of a draft resolution which India's UN mission is preparing to declare June 21 as International Yoga Day.
Government officials and police forces in the country have a lot to gain from yoga and pranayam if it is institutionalised and made part of their habitual repertoire, said Acharya Balkrishna, co-founder of Patanjali Yogpeeth, part of Patanjali Group of Institutions founded by yoga guru Baba Ramdev.
"It will not only help the government workforce keep physically fit and mentally agile but also make a positive difference to their attitude and the way they serve the society," said Balkrishna, citing results of a psychosomatic research Patanjali conducted on lakhs of people of different age groups a few years ago. Particularly for police personnel, who by the very nature of their work are exposed to stressful environment, aggression and violence, yoga and especially pranayam can be the perfect way to de-stress, he added.
Shortly after the Modi-led government took over, the DoPT had in July held a weeklong yoga camp in a central Delhi neighbourhood for government officials and found the response "very encouraging".
It is a matter of pride that our government officials are on their own taking such initiatives to embrace this valuable branch of our heritage, Balkrishna said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Flat car sales during festivals disappoint i...Flat car sales during festivals a disappointment for industry
By Ketan Thakkar , ET Bureau | 3 Nov, 2014, 08.06AM IST
Combined sales of cars and utility vehicles in the two key festival months are estimated to be flat at best despite automakers offering heavy discounts.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
MUMBAI: For India's passenger vehicle manufacturers, this festive season has been one of disappointment.
The industry was expecting double-digit growth in September and October. But combined sales of cars and utility vehicles in the two key festival months are estimated to be flat at best despite automakers offering heavy discounts, say industry executives.
This weak performance comes after the sector posted higher year-over-year numbers for the first four months of the fiscal year starting April, raising hopes that the auto industry was finally turning around after posting lower sales for two years. Signs of a pickup in the economy had boosted the expectations.
Auto industry veterans like Maruti Suzuki chairman RC Bhargava and Mahindra & Mahindra executive director Pawan Goenka now expect overall sales this fiscal year to fall short of previous predictions. Manufacturers were estimated to have dispatched 2.18 lakh passenger vehicles in October, a 4.5 per cent fall from the same month last year, say industry sources. Sequentially, too, the number has fallen - in September, shipments have totalled 2.2 lakh units.
These numbers do not include the sales of popular vans like Maxximo , Magic Iris and Ace Magic , which are used for commercial purpose. Industry body Society of Indian Automobile Manufactures includes these vehicles under the passenger vehicle category.
"Fuel prices were falling, the Sensex had brought in cheer and one expected the momentum would continue, but that has not happened," Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice-president of sales and marketing at Honda Cars India, said on the sector's performance. "The industry is yet to turn the corner. We will have to watch how the demand scenario pans out."
The two festival months account for a big chunk of sales for manufacturers. This is the fourth straight year of a subdued festive season for the auto industry, though two-wheeler makers have bucked the trend, with most of them posting strong sales. Of the companies that reported October sales, Hyundai , Maruti Suzuki and Honda were among a few that posted higher sales, helped by their new products.
Rakesh Srivastava, senior vice-president for sales and marketing at Hyundai Motor India, said the outlook for the industry looked "very challenging" as demand is slackening with "low growth in economy, low increase in per capital income and low disposable income" due to high inflation.
After announcing the company's July-September results, Maruti's Bhargava said the situation was not as bright as many people had hoped it would be at this point. Mahindra's Goenka expects the industry to grow just around 7 per cent this fiscal year. He had previously forecasted 10 per cent.
For the first half of the fiscal year starting April, sales were estimated to have expanded 4.25 per cent. Volumes in October were impacted also because a large number of holidays in October. But these shutdowns were planned and experts say there was ample inventory with retailers and that the likes of Maruti, Hyundai, Honda and M&M did post strong retail sales. Industry executives now hope the recent drop in fuel prices, as well as the lagged impact of the changes in the economy on consumer sentiment to help sales in coming months.
Usually, it is the festival season when most auto companies make up for weakness in sales in the previous months. But the struggle continues for them this year. "The business going down in festive time is a strong indication that fundamentals have not shown any strong change," said an executive of a multinational company.

E-tail sector big hit among B-school & engg graduatesE-tail sector big hit among B-school & engg graduates
New insider trading guidelines on anvilNew insider trading guidelines on anvil
Amazon plans new centre in GujaratAmazon plans new centre in Gujarat
China s Oct official services PMI at 9-mth lowThe official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 53.8 in October from September's 54.0, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: China's economy lost further momentum heading into the fourth quarter as a cooling property market weighed on activity and export demand softened, surveys showed on Monday, putting Beijing's official growth target for the year at even greater risk.
Analysts had already expected full-year growth to miss the government's full-year target of around 7.5 per cent, but many thought there may be some signs of stabilisation late in the year after a flurry of stimulus measures.
Instead, the surveys showed demand at home and abroad continued to cool and the labour market remained under stress, while adding to concerns that many companies are being starved of credit as banks grow more reluctant to lend.
And measures announced in late September to shore up the slumping housing so far do not seem to having much of an effect.
"Growth momentum is slowing going into the fourth quarter," said Kevin Lai, senior economist at Daiwa Capital Markets in Hong Kong.
"Exports were quite strong the last couple of months but that was mostly driven by electronics demand. So the orders for iPhones etc. have cooled down again. Europe, Japan are still struggling, so that is not good news."
Growth in China's services sector slipped to a nine-month low of 53.8 in October, the weakest reading since January, from September's 54.0, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
It was still comfortably above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction, but readings on areas such as real estate and employment continued to shrink.
Home prices in China dropped for a sixth consecutive month in October, a separate private survey showed on Friday, pointing to a persistent downturn, despite government efforts to lift the market.
Beijing is counting on strong job growth in the services sector to offset that weakness, and top policymakers have insisted in recent weeks that the labour market remains resilient.
FACTORY GROWTH ALSO FRAGILE
Another official survey on Saturday showed factory activity unexpectedly fell to a five-month low in October as firms fought slowing orders and rising borrowing costs.
A private factory survey by HSBC/Markit on Monday showed a similar worrying trend. Though overall growth picked up slightly, growth in new orders and new export orders - proxies for domestic and foreign demand - fell to their lowest in four to five months.
Exports have been one of the lone bright spots for the economy, and helped offset weaker internal demand in the third quarter.
Tommy Xie, an economist at OCBC Bank, estimated that without firmer exports, the economy would only grow an annual 6.7 per cent in the first three quarters this year - the slowest since the 1998 Asian crisis.
The official PMI is focused on larger, state-owned factories, as opposed to the HSBC/Markit PMI which focuses more on smaller manufacturers in the private sector.
Page 1 of 2

Banker Charged Over Hong Kong MurderBanker Charged Over Hong Kong Murder
The hidden costs you incur when buying a homeHidden Costs in Home Buying
By CommonFloor | CommonFloor.com –  Fri 17 Oct, 2014 3:00 PM IST
Home Improvement Guide
Procedures That Cannot Be Ignored While Buying a Property
CommonFloor.com
Contrary to the popular belief, the cost of home buying is not limited to down payment, closing costs and home loan. There are several hidden fees and charges that are unavoidable if you are buying a house and are planning to live in it. In fact, to be very precise, the actual acquisition cost of a residential property is approximately 15-20 per cent higher than the cost projected by the developer. One must be prepared to bear these costs when purchasing a house, especially as unexpected burden of hidden costs can lead to a financial disaster:
Preferential Location Charges (PLC)
While many developers refrain from charging this fee, many others charge an extra Rs 10- Rs 100 per sq. ft, if you want a flat with specific view such as garden, swimming pool or kid's play area. You must talk to your builder in advance to rule out any such charges being levied.
External Development Charges (EDC)
Same as PLC, the EDC is not charged by all developers and hence it is best to discuss in detail with the builders regarding these charges and then determine on the purchase of a property sans these charges. The EDC is an additional charge that is levied by some developers if the society has areas like garden, gymnasium, swimming pool and kids' play.
... more 
With improving connectivity, expanding cities and rising property prices, more and more home buyers are looking at places close to metro cities. Developers are also betting big on such locations.
Some emerging locations are Manesar (Haryana), Neemrana (Rajasthan), Narela (Delhi), Dharuhera (Haryana), Bhiwadi (Rajasthan), Yelahanka (Karnataka) and Ranjanapada (Maharashtra). Knight Frank India, a property consultancy, listed Manesar, Neemrana, Narela, Yelahanka and Ranjanapada as "hidden gems" in a report released towards the end of last year.
1 - 9 / 9
Registration fee
Registration costs are compulsory and to be borne by all home buyers. It varies from state to state, and usually between 1-2 per cent of the property value. In Bangalore, registration charges are 1 per cent of property cost. Registration charge is levied by the government even if the property is not purchased and if gifted by someone.
Stamp duty
Stamp duty is a charge that is levied by the government on all documents and transactions in a state. It varies from state to state and is 5.65 per cent of the assessable value for sale deed, and it includes cess and surcharge. The assessable value of a property includes components such as saleable area value, car park value, floor rate value and amenities value.
Service tax and VAT
These two taxes are levied only on under construction properties; and while service tax is 12.36 per cent of 25 per cent value of the under construction property, VAT is charged on the construction value of the project. Together, these two taxes may cost you 8-10 per cent of the property value.
Utility Charges
If the project in which you have invested is a luxurious one, then you will have to pay extra for amenities such as club membership and car parking. More often than not, the cost of purchasing a car park area is Rs 50,000 – Rs 1,00,000 in cities such as Bangalore. Similarly, you might have to pay in advance the club membership fee for a year or two to the builder.
Maintenance Charges
Most builders collect the maintenance fee for at least two years in advance. This amount is charged for the maintenance of common amenities such as power backup, lights and parks.
The above mentioned are some of the hidden costs of buying a new home in India; however, some of these, especially the charges levied by the government, are applicable to you even if you purchase a property in the secondary market.
Buy, Sell, Rent & Manage your property at: CommonFloor.com
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Petrol price cut by Rs 2.41 per ltr  diesel by Rs. 2.25Petrol price cut by Rs 2.41 per ltr, diesel by Rs. 2.25
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 10:49 IST
Petrol price was on Friday cut by Rs. 2.41 a litre, the sixth reduction since August, while that of diesel was slashed by Rs. 2.25 per litre on the back of falling international oil rates.
The reduction in rates of petrol and diesel, which was deregulated for the first time in more than a decade, will be effective from the midnight of October 31 and November 1, Indian Oil Corp, the nation's largest fuel retailer, announced.
The Rs. 2.41 per litre price cut in petrol and Rs. 2.25 in diesel was after accounting for an increase of 10-15 paise in commission paid to petrol pump dealers. The reduction should have been higher by 10-15 paise if the dealer commission had not been increased.
Petrol will cost Rs. 64.25 a litre in Delhi from Saturday as against Rs. 66.65 currently. In Mumbai, the rate will be lowered by Rs. 2.55 a litre to Rs. 71.91.
Since August, petrol price has been cumulatively slashed by Rs. 9.36 per litre. Prices vary from state to state because of differential rate of local sales tax or VAT.
Diesel rates have been cut for the second time this month. The nation's most consumed fuel will now cost Rs. 53.35 per litre in Delhi from Saturday as compared to Rs. 55.60 a litre at present.
In Mumbai, diesel price has been reduced by Rs. 2.50 to Rs. 61.04.
The government had on October 18 freed diesel prices from its control, giving freedom to oil marketing companies to adjust rates in line with cost. On that day, rates were cut by Rs. 3.37 per litre, the first reduction in price of diesel in over five years. (Read more)
The previous decline dates back to January 2009.
Simultaneously, the price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was cut by Rs. 18.5 to Rs. 865 per 14.2-kg cylinder.
Since August, this is the fourth reduction in rate of non-subsidised LPG which consumers buy after exhausting their quota of sub-market priced domestic cooking gas.
Non-subsidised LPG in Delhi was priced at Rs. 922.50 in July and rates have in every subsequent month been reduced. The only exception being October 23 when the prices rose by a marginal Rs. 3 per cylinder following government raising the commission paid to LPG dealers/distributors.
"The price of petrol was last revised downwards with effect from October 15 by Rs. 1.21 per litre (including state levies at Delhi) on the back of declining international oil prices," IOC said in a statement.
The government decided to make diesel prices market-determined for all consumers on October 18, it added.
"Subsequently, with effect from October 19, based on prevailing level of international prices and Rupee-USD exchange rate, the selling price of diesel in domestic market was reduced by Rs. 3.37 per litre (including state levies at Delhi) with corresponding decrease in other states."
Since then, international prices of petrol and diesel have continued to be on a downtrend. But foreign exchange rate has appreciated slightly.
"The combined impact of both these factors warrant the said decrease in retail selling prices of petrol and diesel," the statement added.
IOC also said it was "closely monitoring" prices in the international oil market and rupee-dollar exchange rate, and that developing trends of the market will be reflected in future price changes.

Shah Rukh and his sizzling leading ladiesCelebrity
Shah Rukh and his sizzling leading ladies
On his birthday, here is a look at such co-stars who in their own way facilitated in making Shah Rukh Khan what he is now.
Prev Next
It is the quotient of chemistry that sets the box-office on fire, and if one were to glance through the successful films in his career, one would find that the success has hinged to a great extent on the chemistry with his co-stars. Shahrukh Khan as an actor has been blessed with this advantage in his acting career, and it could be one of the prime catalysts which has made him one of the biggest movie stars around the world.
It is the quotient of chemistry that sets the box-office on fire, and if one were to glance through the successful films in his career, one would find that the success has hinged to a great extent on the chemistry with his co-stars. Shahrukh Khan as an actor has been blessed with this advantage in his acting career, and it could be one of the prime catalysts which has made him one of the biggest movie stars around the world.
Recommend

Need FDI to grow capabilities  expand into tier III & IV cities: Tarun Chugh  PNB Metlifebanker
Tarun Chugh , the recently-appointed MD and CEO of PNB Metlife, says foreign direct investment is necessary for life insurance companies to penetrate into tier III and IV cities. In an interview with ET's Shilpy Sinha, he says Rs 25,000 crore to Rs 30,000 crore will flow into the sector if the limits are raised. Edited excerpts.
How is a public sector bank-promoted insurance company different from a private bank-led insurance company?
There are significant positives: the relationship that a public sector bank typically has with its customers is far thicker. A customer can actually sit and have tea with the banker. The public sector banker is busier as he handles loans, liabilities and assets. So, every branch manager is empowered. They may be less savvy with the internet. In a public sector bank, you cannot suddenly change your product mix.
Is persistency better in public sector banks?
It is about what product you are selling and the kind of systems you have. If you have an ECS or direct debit, premium payment becomes easier. It is not like you are interacting with a customer on a regular basis. Interaction happens on a quarterly, half yearly, or annual basis. Here, a public sector bank gets involved with almost everything, including reminding a customer. Interaction in life insurance is the key.
How has PNB been as a partner?
PNB has been very demanding with the kind of products they want to sell. Everybody has been through cobrapost and tough times. We are very clear that we will sell products that are bundled. Here, we have launched the first-of-its-kind family bachat khata. This is the first time that we are bundling on-return, on-premium term plan on the liability side. Normally, bundling is on mortgage, education loans, but this is the first time on savings account. If something happens to the account holder, his grocery bills and rentals will be paid from the same account. The best part is if nothing happens, than he gets the premium back with certain interest. This is a term plan with return on premium.
Your business income has not grown much this year despite having the country's second-largest public sector bank as your bank partner? Is it in line with your expectations?
We grew in July if you look at the y-o-y numbers. Last year, September was a big month for the entire industry. This year, we will see year-on-year growth. We were looking at our capabilities, gaps in the first three months. Now, the discovery bit is over and we are working on the strategy. I expect growth of 7-10 per cent over the industry. I expect industry to grow by 5 per cent, so we should grow by 15 per cent. PNB contributes 40 per cent to our top line. Around 60 per cent comes from bancassurance, 35 per cent from agency, and 5 per cent from digital.
Are you planning to change the mix?
We will be doing a lot of digital. Digital and other channels - corporate agencies - should account for 10-15 per cent of business in the next three years.
Where do you see PNB Metlife in the next five years?
I would like to see PNB Metlife in the top quartile. We were 13th, now we are 8th. So, I don't see any reason why we cannot be in the top quartile. We are looking at this in terms of profit, and not topline. We are going to focus on agency, bancassurance and leverage the PNB brand. The big thing is customer-centricity. We will focus on expense control. The other thing I am focusing on is disruptions. Are we looking at the way social infrastructure is changing? Are we recognising the fact that there is a single parent, there is a working mother and there are people who do not want to get married till 35-40?
How will you drive PNB Metlife to the top quartile?
We have to identify customer-centricity platforms. We have to drive the PNB brand, make the agency profitable, identify customer requirement, be efficient such that the product looks better and have larger share of the customers' wallet. We do not have a pension product, health product and online products, but we have got significant number of branches. We cannot restrict ourselves to tier I and tier II cities only, we need to reach to tier III and tier IV cities as well. The government is talking about increasing FDI in the sector. There are a lot of things to do with digitisation.
Many companies have started writing life insurance policies without proper medical check. Does this expose you to the risk of fraud?
No company has suffered due to underwriting. We have a control system. We have tied up with Cibil and have financial underwriters. Underwriting is about age, income and address. The industry has come together. We have blacklisted some places. South and west are good while north is a bit tricky. There are a few areas which are not so good, which are blackout areas -- we don't go there. I am looking at bancassurance through J&K Bank, Karnataka Bank and PNB. We are following anti-selection. Customers come to a bank to buy life insurance only when they are the customers of the bank.
How important is FDI for your company?
The government did make a statement that FDI will be allowed up to 74 per cent. Accordingly, foreign companies have been showing interest in the sector.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swiss banks in panicSwiss banks in panic
Unauthorised disclosure will help wrongdoers: FMUnauthorised disclosure will help wrongdoers: FM
Mkts to remain bullish; earnings  data to set toneMkts to remain bullish; earnings  data to set tone
Facebook launches India Client CouncilFacebook launches India Client Council
Cautious on bidding for Govt contracts: Tech MahindraCautious on bidding for Govt contracts: Tech Mahindra
10 students killed in car accident in Egypt10 students killed in car accident in Egypt
Asia Stocks Take Breather After Last Week s SurgeIndia Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
Hong Kong: Asian markets were mixed Monday as traders took a breather after last week's rally, while Hong Kong and Shanghai were barely moved after a weak Chinese manufacturing report.
Dealers were given a healthy lead from Wall Street, where the Dow and S&P 500 reached new record highs after Japan's central bank said it would ramp up its own stimulus programme to kickstart growth.
The dollar held on to Friday's gains against the yen, sitting at seven-year highs, as Friday's news came days after the Federal Reserve ended its own stimulus, highlighting the contrast between the US and Japanese economies.
Hong Kong was flat and Shanghai added 0.39 per cent, while Sydney eased 0.30 per cent and Seoul dipped 0.60 per cent. Tokyo was closed for a public holiday.
Global markets and the dollar surged on Friday after the BoJ said it would widen its asset-purchasing scheme to boost lending and try to avert a recession.
After a jump in Asian shares, including a near five percent rise in Tokyo, Wall Street powered ahead.
The Dow leapt 1.13 per cent and the S&P 500 added 1.17 per cent -- both hitting all-time highs -- while the Nasdaq gained 1.41 per cent.
However, dealers took a breather for the first day of November trade, with profit-takers moving in.
Shanghai and Hong Kong edged up after China released at the weekend an index of manufacturing activity that showed growth slowed in October, the latest data indicating the world's second-largest economy slowing down.
The official purchasing managers index (PMI) came in at 50.8 last month, the National Bureau of Statistics said, lower than the 51.1 in September. Readings above 50 indicate growth, while anything below points to contraction.
PMI tracks activity in China's factories and workshops and is a closely-watched indicator of the health of the economy.
On Monday a separate report by HSBC came in a 50.4, the strongest result since July.
"Overall, the manufacturing sector continued to stabilise in October, however the sequential momentum likely weakened," says HSBC. "The economy still shows clear signs of insufficient effective demand."
The figures have raised hopes that Beijing will introduce a new set of economy-boosting measures, with some analysts suggesting officials will cut the amount of cash banks must keep in reserve, in order to boosting lending.
On currency markets the dollar bought 112.74 yen -- its highest since December 2007 -- against 112.25 yen Friday in New York.
The euro was at $1.2473 and 140.60 yen compared with $1.2525 and 140.71 yen.
Oil prices moved higher. US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for December delivery rose one cent to $80.55 while Brent crude for December was up 15 cents to $86.01.
The price of gold fell to $1,167.47 an ounce from $1,173.87 late Friday.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 08:16 (IST)

Branson Plans Cautious Return to Space RaceBranson Plans Cautious Return to Space Race
Tata Communications Q2 PAT at Rs924mnTata Communications Q2 PAT at Rs924mn
55 killed  200 hurt in Pakistan suicide attack at Wagah border55 killed  200 hurt in Pakistan suicide attack at Wagah border
Manappuram Finance reports 10% increase in Q2 profitManappuram Finance Q2 profit rises by 10 per cent to Rs 76.43 crore
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 12:52 IST
Photo: Reuters
Manappuram Finance on Thursday posted net profit increased by 10 per cent to Rs 76.43 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15.
It had posted a profit after tax of Rs 69.71 crore in the July-September period 2013-14.
"Profitability increased as our yields improved by 3 per cent in the quarter," Manappuram Finance Managing Director and CEO V P Nandkumar said.
However, its total income in Q2, 2014-15 was down at Rs 502.84 crore as against Rs 544.11 crore in the year-ago period.
The company's total assets under management (AUM) also fell by 7.3 per cent to Rs 8,530.09 crore from Rs 9,201.70 crore in the same period last year.
The company disbursed gold loans worth Rs 5,835 crore, a growth of 16 per cent, as against Rs 5,033.30 crore in the same period last year.
Its tier-I capital stood at 26.83 per cent as of September 30.
Nandkumar said that company also plans to buy a stake in Chennai-based microfinance company Ashirwad Microfinance.

Japan pension fund in big move to stocksJapan pension fund commits to big switch to stocks
Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8114ec60-60ef-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti s October sales fall 1.1% to 1 03 973 unitsMaruti's October sales fall 1.1% to 1,03,973 units
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 14:45 IST
Country's largest car-maker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) on Saturday reported a 1.1 per cent decline in total sales in October at 1,03,973 units as against 1,05,087 units in the same month last year.
The company said its domestic sales rose by 1 per cent during the month to 97,069 units as against 96,062 units in October, 2013.
Sales of mini segment cars, including M800, Alto, A-Star and WagonR, declined by 9.2 per cent to 35,753 units compared to 39,379 units in the year-ago month, MSI said in a statement.
The company said sales of the compact segment comprising Swift, Estilo, Ritz, Dzire declined by 3.5 per cent to 37,083 units in October this year as against 38,410 units last year.
MSI said sales of its compact sedan Dzire Tour rose by 42.4 per cent during the month under review at 1,408 units as against 989 units in October, 2013.
The sales of company's mid-sized sedan Ciaz, which was launched in October, stood at 6,345 units. The company had sold 262 units of SX4 sedan in the same period of 2013. There was no sale of premium sedan Kizashi during the month.
Sales of utility vehicles, including Gypsy, Grand Vitara and Ertiga, declined by 16.7 per cent at 6,027 units in October this year from 7,236 units in the corresponding month last year.
Sales of vans -- Omni and Eeco -- increased by 6.8 per cent to 10,453 units in October this year, as against 9,786 units in the same period of previous year. Exports during the month declined by 23.5 per cent to 6,904 units compared to 9,025 units in October last year, MSI said.

Rare photos of Aishwarya Rai BachchanCelebrity
Ash celebrates her birthday
Actress Aishwarya Rai Bachchan who celebrated her 41st birthday with the media this Saturday said she is planning a special birthday for her daughter Aaradhya on Nov 16.
"Yes, I am planning for her birthday as it not far away," she said.
1 / 30
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Mon 3 Nov, 2014 2:30 PM IST

Maha Dalit killings: Raj asks CM Fadnavis for action to nab culpritsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Bullishness in markets to continueBullishness in markets to continue; earnings, key data to set tone
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 03.34PM IST
Tags:
Bullishness
(Some of the other factors…)
NEW DELHI: The stock market, which has hit back-to-back new highs, is expected to remain bullish in the holiday-shortened week, wherein earnings announcements and key macroeconomic data would dictate the trend, experts say.
Some of the other factors that are likely to impact stock market movement include, trend in global equity markets and investment activity of foreign institutional investors.
Trading would be truncated this week as the stock market would remain closed on Tuesday, November 4, on account of Muharram and on Thursday, November 6, on account of Gurunanak Jayanti.
The Sensex concluded last week at 27,865.83, showing a robust rise of 1,014.78 points, or 3.78 per cent. Similarly, the Nifty finished at 8,322.20, breaching the 8,300-mark for the first time.
"We firmly believe the upward bias will extend further and sectors like banking, auto will continue to outperform in the coming week as well," Religare Securities President-retail distribution Jayant Manglik said.
Bonanza Portfolio Associate Fund Manager Hiren Dhakan said, markets would remain bullish for the coming week atleast and 7900-7950 would act as a strong support to Nifty over the medium term.
This week market would see a lot of data pouring in like the HSBC Manufacturing PMI data and HSBC India Services PMI. Besides, auto and cement companies would report their monthly sales figures.
In addition quarterly results would have stock-specific impact this week. Major earnings this week include those from, Dabur India, Hexaware, IRB, Canara Bank, Aurobindo Pharma, Jet Airways, L&T, Marico, Syndicate Bank and UCO Bank.
"In the near term, focus will consistently remain on further reform initiatives," Kotak Securities Head- Private Client Group Research Dipen Shah said, adding that Winter session of the Parliament will be closely watched for GST, land reforms, etc.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jindal plant land diversion:CBI may question JayanthiThe Hindu File Photo of former environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan.
TOPICS
inquiry
The Central Bureau of Investigation may examine the former Environment Minister Jayanthi Natarajan in connection with the probe against unknown officials of the Jindal Steel and Power Limited and JSW Steel Limited for alleged diversion of forest land for mining purposes in Jharkhand.
“Since some of the decisions were taken during her tenure, if necessary, we may approach her for clarifications,” said a CBI official.
The agency last month instituted preliminary enquiries (PEs) against unknown officials of the two companies and the Environment Ministry.
The first PE alleges that unknown Ministry officials extended favours to Jindal Steel by facilitating grant of clearance for diversion of 512-hectare Saranda forest land, which is mainly inhabited by wild elephants, between 2007 and 2013. Through another PE, the CBI has initiated a probe into alleged irregularities in the grant of approval to JSW Steel in 2013 for diversion of forest land for mining purposes in Ankua Reserve.

More companies may exit CDR for failing to meet loan recast normsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Googles Project Ara: Piece together your AndroidE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ill bring back every penny of black money: ModiThe government was committed to bringing back "every penny" of black money stashed abroad and it will not be held back in its efforts, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday.
 
"I want to tell the people that please have faith in this pradhan sevak (chief servant) of yours...that this is an article of faith that every paisa that has gone will come back," said Modi in his second nationwide radio speech called 'Mann ki Baat'.
 
"I assure you I will not be held back in bringing back whatever the amount." Modi said there could be a difference in the path and procedure to bring back the black money, "but what I understand and what I know is that we are on the right path", Modi said in his 18-minute address.
 
He said that no one knows the exact figure of the amount stashed abroad, "and nor did the previous government...and everyone gives different figures".
 
He said he does not want to get into figures. "This is the wealth of the poor and should be brought back and I want to assure you that there will be no let-up in my efforts. I just want your blessings."
 
Black money is income that is not disclosed to the government and, therefore, not assessed for tax, and although there is no official fix on how much of it is there, unofficial estimates say it could be as much as $500 billion or Rs. 31 lakh crore (nearly 30% of India's $1.8-trillion GDP).
 
Washington-based think-tank Global Financial Integrity has estimated that India suffered $344 billion in illicit fund outflows between 2002 and 2011.
 
The Modi government last week gave the Supreme Court a secret list of 627 people suspected of stashing black money in foreign banks beyond the reach of tax authorities.
 
After coming to power, Modi set up a team of regulators and former judges to identify illicit fund-holders and repatriate money. But it has encountered difficulty obtaining details of account-holders from foreign nations due to financial confidentiality issues.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses NDA MPs at his residence in Delhi. (PTI File Photo)
The Prime Minister thanked the public for their support for his cleanliness mission. “Nobody could have imaged that Swachhta (cleanliness) will turn into such a revolution. The mission has influenced children the most.”
The Prime Minister said he was happy that his radio address had gone down well with the public. In his last address, he had asked people to buy at least one khadi (homespun cotton) garment. “I had not asked people to go khadi all the way…just asked them to buy one khadi outfit. You’ll be happy to know that since then, khadi outlets have report 125% jump in sales.”
Modi also devoted Sunday’s radio address to some social issues, expressing concern over the menace of drug abuse among the youth and promised to speak on it in his next chat.

Govt to rope in private cos to speed up NOFN...You are here: Home > Collections
Centre to bring in private companies to speed up Rs 20.1k crore National Optic Fibre Network project
Kalyan Parbat, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 10.35AM IST
Tags:
Bharat Broadband Networks
(The DoT will shortly move…)
KOLKATA: The government has decided to bring in the private sector to speed up the Rs 20,100-crore national broadband project to connect the far-flung areas of the country, a move that follows strident criticism that the department of telecom's (DoT) decision of involving only state-run companies has been a key reason for the three-year delay.
The DoT will shortly move a Cabinet note to mandate Bharat Broadband Networks (BBNL) to appoint an independent project management consultant that will invite bids from private players including telecom operators to handle cable laying, trenching and ducting operations across 1.5 lakh village blocks in the second and third stages of the national optic fibre network (NOFN) roll-out, a top department official aware of the matter told ET.
State-run BBNL is the bandwidth supplier and executing agency of the NOFN project. Many global companies such as Facebook and Microsoft have shown interest in partnering with the government in various capacities for the NOFN project, especially for the last mile connectivity, through various technological deployments. The telecom commission has recommended that "best-in-class private sector companies" be brought in through the international competitive bidding route since implementation by the state-run firms has been patchy, the official cited earlier said on condition of anonymity.
According to an internal DoT note seen by ET, "barely 1% of the NOFN roll-out target had been achieved till October and the pace requires to be accelerated 50 times over the next 18 months".
The telecom commission's recommendation of involving the private sector came after telecom secretary Rakesh Garg's recent call for greater coordination between the BSNL and BBNL failed to speed up NOFN roll-out. BSNL had recently complained that expenses incurred by it for deploying manpower, assets and storage space for the NOFN project had not been provisioned by BBNL.
If the Cabinet approves private sector involvement in NOFN, the role of state-run Bharat Sanchar Nigam, PowerGrid and RailTel may be reduced to only handling cable laying, trenching and ducting operations in the first phase across one lakh village blocks or gram panchayats.
The NOFN project, which is being executed in three stages, aims to deliver countrywide high-speed internet connectivity across 2.5 lakh village blocks. At present, BSNL, PowerGrid and RailTel are solely mandated to handle cable laying, trenching and ducting operations across all 2.5 lakh village blocks in the 70:15:15 ratio. This is the most expensive component of the NOFN project.
BSNL, which is responsible for bulk of the cable laying, trenching and ducting work for NOFN, could not immediately be reached for comment.
In a recent consultation paper titled 'Delivering Broadband Quickly', the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) had invited suggestions on awarding engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) contracts to private telecom operators through the competitive bidding route to fast-track NOFN, which will be the core internet engine for delivering high-speed internet and government services to the common man under the Centre's Rs 1.13 lakh-crore Digital India initiative.
The regulator had also deplored India's dismal broadband scenario and sought views on leveraging existing private sector access networks to reduce the cost of boosting rural internet penetration.
Another official close to BBNL said the DoT has "no option but to speed up NOFN" since the Prime Minister's Office had advanced its roll-out deadline by six months to March 2016 to ensure the ambitious Digital India initiative meets its 2019 timeline.
DoT will also seek Cabinet approval for a near 40% escalation in NOFN project cost from Rs 20,100 crore to nearly Rs 28,000 crore, triggered by an upward revision in the last mile optic fibre cable connectivity requirement.
"Last mile optical fibre cable connectivity requirement for NOFN will be higher at 2.4 km per village block instead of the earlier estimated 2 km per block, aggregating 6 lakh route km instead of 5 lakh route km, which is another reason why private companies are proposed to be involved to meet the PMO deadline," said the official.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FPIs pull out Rs 1 200 cr from equities in OctFPIs pull out Rs 1,200 crore from equities in October
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 11.30AM IST
Tags:
equities
(Foreign investors were…)
NEW DELHI: Overseas investors have pulled out nearly Rs 1,200 crore from the Indian stock market in October, making it the first monthly withdrawal in 14-months, mainly on account of profit-booking.
In comparison, the debt market saw huge inflow of around Rs 18,000 crore during the period.
Foreign investors were gross buyers of equities worth Rs 69,317 crore last month and sellers to the tune of Rs 70,488 crore, registering a net outflow of Rs 1,171 crore ($190 million), according to the latest data.
The was also the first instance of monthly withdrawal by overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors or Foreign Portfolio Investors) since August last year, when they had pulled out Rs 5,923 crore.
The latest outflow comes after overseas investments in the stock market hit seven months low in September.
"We have witnessed an outflow in this month mainly due to profit booking and the market is also in a consolidation mode," CNI Research Head Kishor Ostwal said.
He further said that the long-term prospects of staying invested in India are still positive.
Since the beginning of this year, overseas investors have infused a net amount of Rs 82,266 crore ($13.7 billion) into the equities, while they invested a net of Rs 1.36 lakh crore into the debt market ($22.5 billion) taking the total to Rs 2.18 lakh crore ($36 billion).
From the beginning of June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by capital market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called FPIs .
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of foreign investors into India to over $207 billion since 1991. In rupee terms, their investments are at Rs 10 lakh crore level during the period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bomber in early 20s  was carrying 25 kgexplosivesPrint
An injured child at a Lahore hospital. (Source: AP photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Wagah Border | Posted: November 3, 2014 5:29 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 5:35 am
At least 55 people, including 11 women and three security personnel, were killed and nearly 200 injured when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah in Pakistan Sunday, minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the hugely symbolic and main land border crossing with India.
“A large number of people were returning after watching the Rangers flag ceremony at Wagah border when a suicide bomber blew himself up near one of the exit gates,” Inspector General of Punjab Police Mushtaq Sukhera said.
Three Pakistani Rangers were among the dead. “The Rangers had made stringent security measures but it was difficult to check suicide bomber,” he said.
According to Sukhera, the bomber appeared to be in his early 20s and was carrying 20 to 25 kilograms of explosives with him, some of which was hidden inside his jacket. He said the suicide bomber was stopped at the gate of the parade ground and detonated the bomb right when people gathered near the gate.
Al-Qaeda affiliated militant group Jandullah, which was behind a suicide bombing that killed at least 78 Christians at a church in Peshawar last year, claimed responsibility for the attack.
The spokesman of the splinter group of the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan Ahmed Marwat said the attack was a reaction to military operation Zarb-i-Azb and Waziristan operation.
Condemning the blast, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif ordered authorities to provide best medical assistance to the injured.
Defence Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif expressed the government’s resolve to fight terrorism in the country. In a statement, he said the terrorists cannot dent the resolve of the nation to fight terrorism, Radio Pakistan reported.
In New Delhi, Prime Minister Narendra Modi condemned the attack, calling it “shocking” and “a dastardly act of terrorism”. He offered condolences to the families of the dead and sent prayers for the injured.
Huge crowds gather every evening at the Wagah crossing, 22 kilometres from Lahore, to watch a “lowering of the flags” ceremony and witness the energetic display of military pageantry that accompanies the closing of the border post which soldiers from both countries have conducted for decades at this crossing.
Earlier reports had said it could be a cylinder blast.
In the wake of Muharram, the police had made strict security measures. “We had reports that some banned outfits might target Shias, religious personalities, public processions and important buildings,” Sukhera said.
Imdad Husain, an eyewitness, told reporters that he was returning after watching the parade ceremony when he heard a huge explosion near the market. “I fell unconscious. When I gained consciousness, there was complete darkness. Many injured and I cried for help, lying on the road. After 15 minutes, some rescue men came towards me and shifted me to Ghurki Hospital,” he said.
Samina Bibi was returning with her husband and two young children when the blast took place. On a bed of the Ghurki Hospital, she was continued…

Asia bourses set for an upbeat startAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

In Pics:  Kiss of Love  loses steamComments
The much-hyped 'Kiss of Love' event set to take place in Kochi on Sunday, failed to take off as police detained the organisers and sympathisers, including women, even before they could reach the venue of the symbolic protest against moral policing. Just as the march began at around 4pm, the police team led by DCP (Law and Order), R Nishantini, took the organisers and sympathisers into custody and bundled them into a police van as they raised slogans against moral policing.
Protesters on Sunday blocked roads leading to Kochi’s Marine Drive, the venue for ‘Kiss of Love’ — a mass-kissing campaign against alleged moral policing by right-wing groups. (PTI Photo)
Though organisers had claimed that 5000 activists would take part in the event many pro-kiss activists backed out at the eleventh hour fearing violence. (HT Photo)
50-odd activists were planning to march towards Marine Drive the venue of the event when they were stopped by the police. (PTI Photo)
Since morning many anti-kiss drive activists had swarmed Marine Drive and assembled at vantage points insisting that they won’t allow the event come what may. (PTI Photo)
The police detained the organisers and sympathisers, including women, even before they could reach the venue of the symbolic protest against moral policing. (HT Photo)
A police team led by DCP (Law and Order), R Nishantini, took the organisers and sympathisers into custody and bundled them into a police van.(HT Photo)

China s Oct official services PMI at 9-month...The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 53.8 in October from September's 54.0, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: China's economy lost further momentum heading into the fourth quarter as a cooling property market weighed on activity and export demand softened, surveys showed on Monday, putting Beijing's official growth target for the year at even greater risk.
Analysts had already expected full-year growth to miss the government's full-year target of around 7.5 per cent, but many thought there may be some signs of stabilisation late in the year after a flurry of stimulus measures.
Instead, the surveys showed demand at home and abroad continued to cool and the labour market remained under stress, while adding to concerns that many companies are being starved of credit as banks grow more reluctant to lend.
And measures announced in late September to shore up the slumping housing so far do not seem to having much of an effect.
"Growth momentum is slowing going into the fourth quarter," said Kevin Lai, senior economist at Daiwa Capital Markets in Hong Kong.
"Exports were quite strong the last couple of months but that was mostly driven by electronics demand. So the orders for iPhones etc. have cooled down again. Europe, Japan are still struggling, so that is not good news."
Growth in China's services sector slipped to a nine-month low of 53.8 in October, the weakest reading since January, from September's 54.0, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
It was still comfortably above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction, but readings on areas such as real estate and employment continued to shrink.
Home prices in China dropped for a sixth consecutive month in October, a separate private survey showed on Friday, pointing to a persistent downturn, despite government efforts to lift the market.
Beijing is counting on strong job growth in the services sector to offset that weakness, and top policymakers have insisted in recent weeks that the labour market remains resilient.
FACTORY GROWTH ALSO FRAGILE
Another official survey on Saturday showed factory activity unexpectedly fell to a five-month low in October as firms fought slowing orders and rising borrowing costs.
A private factory survey by HSBC/Markit on Monday showed a similar worrying trend. Though overall growth picked up slightly, growth in new orders and new export orders - proxies for domestic and foreign demand - fell to their lowest in four to five months.
Exports have been one of the lone bright spots for the economy, and helped offset weaker internal demand in the third quarter.
Tommy Xie, an economist at OCBC Bank, estimated that without firmer exports, the economy would only grow an annual 6.7 per cent in the first three quarters this year - the slowest since the 1998 Asian crisis.
The official PMI is focused on larger, state-owned factories, as opposed to the HSBC/Markit PMI which focuses more on smaller manufacturers in the private sector.
Page 1 of 2

 Asia Stocks Take Breather After Last Week s SurgeIndia Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
Hong Kong: Asian markets were mixed Monday as traders took a breather after last week's rally, while Hong Kong and Shanghai were barely moved after a weak Chinese manufacturing report.
Dealers were given a healthy lead from Wall Street, where the Dow and S&P 500 reached new record highs after Japan's central bank said it would ramp up its own stimulus programme to kickstart growth.
The dollar held on to Friday's gains against the yen, sitting at seven-year highs, as Friday's news came days after the Federal Reserve ended its own stimulus, highlighting the contrast between the US and Japanese economies.
Hong Kong was flat and Shanghai added 0.39 per cent, while Sydney eased 0.30 per cent and Seoul dipped 0.60 per cent. Tokyo was closed for a public holiday.
Global markets and the dollar surged on Friday after the BoJ said it would widen its asset-purchasing scheme to boost lending and try to avert a recession.
After a jump in Asian shares, including a near five percent rise in Tokyo, Wall Street powered ahead.
The Dow leapt 1.13 per cent and the S&P 500 added 1.17 per cent -- both hitting all-time highs -- while the Nasdaq gained 1.41 per cent.
However, dealers took a breather for the first day of November trade, with profit-takers moving in.
Shanghai and Hong Kong edged up after China released at the weekend an index of manufacturing activity that showed growth slowed in October, the latest data indicating the world's second-largest economy slowing down.
The official purchasing managers index (PMI) came in at 50.8 last month, the National Bureau of Statistics said, lower than the 51.1 in September. Readings above 50 indicate growth, while anything below points to contraction.
PMI tracks activity in China's factories and workshops and is a closely-watched indicator of the health of the economy.
On Monday a separate report by HSBC came in a 50.4, the strongest result since July.
"Overall, the manufacturing sector continued to stabilise in October, however the sequential momentum likely weakened," says HSBC. "The economy still shows clear signs of insufficient effective demand."
The figures have raised hopes that Beijing will introduce a new set of economy-boosting measures, with some analysts suggesting officials will cut the amount of cash banks must keep in reserve, in order to boosting lending.
On currency markets the dollar bought 112.74 yen -- its highest since December 2007 -- against 112.25 yen Friday in New York.
The euro was at $1.2473 and 140.60 yen compared with $1.2525 and 140.71 yen.
Oil prices moved higher. US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for December delivery rose one cent to $80.55 while Brent crude for December was up 15 cents to $86.01.
The price of gold fell to $1,167.47 an ounce from $1,173.87 late Friday.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 08:16 (IST)

TVS Motor  Maruti Suzuki  M&M in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
TVS Motor, Maruti Suzuki, Mahindra & Mahindra in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: November 03, 2014 09:19 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened higher on Monday tracking futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Sentiment is likely to be positive today as foreign investors have increased their intensity of buying Indian equities. Foreign investors have bought shares worth Rs 1,755 crore in cash market on Friday. However domestic investors were net sellers to the tune of Rs 276 crore.
Here are the stocks likely to see action today:
Maruti Suzuki is likely to be under pressure today as its October auto sales disappointed investors. The company reported 1 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) drop in October auto sales at 1,03,973 units. However its domestic sales increased 1 per cent y-o-y to 97,069 units.
Tata Motors has reported 17 per cent y-o-y decline in its October auto sale at 42,819 units. Its domestic sales declined 17.4 per cent y-o-y to 38,760 units.
TVS Motor Company has reported 22 per cent y-o-y increase in auto sales at 2,41,044 units for the month of October. Its exports increased 51 per cent y-o-y to 34,855 units.
Mahindra & Mahindra has reported 15.4 per cent y-o-y decline in auto sales at 42,776 units for the month of October. Its domestic sales declined 16 per cent y-o-y to 40,274 units.
Welspun Enterprises has completed entire stake sale of Welspun Maxsteel. The company has sold the entire stake in Welspun Maxsteel to JSW Steel.
Bharat Heavy Electricals has bagged a new order worth Rs 220 crore for two 800 MW thermal power plant project in Orissa. The contract is for supply of electrostatic precipitator package.
Pfizer/Wyeth: The Bombay High Court has given its nod for the merger of Pfizer and Wyeth. The merger operation will be unified under Pfizer brand.
Godrej Properties: Private Equity firm Milestone has exited from the Kolkata Project of Godrej Properties for Rs 200 crore. Milestone made a return of 230 per cent on its investment which was made in 2009.
Bank of India/Wockhardt/Dabur India will report their earnings for the July to September quarter of FY15 today.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 09:19 (IST)

Tata Motors  October sales at 42819Tata Motors  October sales at 42819
Gold prices may decline to Rs 24 500/10 gramGold prices may decline to Rs 24 500/10 gram
Buy IndusInd Bank  Sell BPCL Today: Sanjeev BhasinBuy IndusInd Bank  Sell BPCL Today: Sanjeev Bhasin
Crude Oil Prices Mixed in Asian TradeCrude Oil Prices Mixed in Asian Trade
"We are one team. Let us bring openness in Governance" says PM to Union Govt Secretaries"We are one team. Let us bring openness in Governance" says PM to Union Govt Secretaries
ET Wealth: Owning assets of little significance if they do not generate incomeET Wealth: Owning assets of little significance if they do not generate income
Gloster standalone net profit rises 29.96% in the September 2014 quarterGloster standalone net profit rises 29.96% in the September 2014 quarter
Rupee falls to 2-week lowforeign exchange market
The Indian rupee fell to a two-week low against the dollar on Thursday as the greenback posted gains after the U.S. Federal Reserve statement at the conclusion of its meeting was seen as showcasing more confidence about the U.S. economy prospects.
The local currency was trading at 61.43/44 to the dollar after falling as low as 61.55, a level last seen on Oct. 17. The rupee had closed at 61.35/36 on Wednesday.
The rupee is likely to trade between 61.30 and 61.65 per dollar during the session, traders said.

Nifty could gain at opening bell: Maximus SecuritiesNifty could gain at opening bell: Maximus Securities
Analyst Corner: Reduce on Sesa Sterlite  target Rs 275  says Kotak Institutional EquitiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Get ready for electronic toll collection from tomorrowGet ready for electronic toll collection from tomorrow
Mail Today –  Thu 30 Oct, 2014
Print
India is set to have the Electronic Toll Collection (ETC) system in place by the end of this month. The Union Minister of Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari, will inaugurate the system on October 31.
ETC has already been installed at 55 toll plazas and their integration with Central Clearing House (CCH) operators has almost been completed on the Delhi- Mumbai route via Haryana, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Maharashtra. A pilot project for Interoperable ETC system of 10 toll plazas between Mumbai and Ahmedabad has already been tested.
The government has issued orders to incorporate ETC lanes as a mandatory clause in the contracts awarded for all the highways projects in future. India has embarked on an ambitious plan for building India’s highway network through various phases of the national highways development project (NHDP), which are being financed largely through user fees collected from the users of the improved highways.
Apart from Rs 2.48 crore released in 2012- 13, an amount of Rs 17.288 crore has been released during the Financial Year 2013- 14 for implementing ETC on 51 public funded projects operated by NHAI. Service Provider Agreement for CCH Services for Electronic Toll Collection (ETC) between Indian Highways Management Company Ltd (IHMCL) and ICICI Bank along with Axis Bank has been signed.
The common method of toll collection is by having a vehicle passed through a toll plaza where it pays the toll.
The user fee (toll) for the National Highways is levied as per the National Highway Fee (Determination of Rates and Collection) Rules, 2008 and its amendments. For projects completed for which agreements/contracts signed before 5th December 2008, the earlier set of National  Highways (Rate of Fee) Rules, 1997 apply.
At present there are some problems in collecting tolls. These are by way of not having a uniform rate throughout various sections of National Highways in India.
Second, BOT (Toll), BOT (Annuity) and Public Funded Projects have different toll collecting agencies, which is an impediment for a uniform acceptable standard of service to the commuters. There are many complaints of overcharging and undercharging. There are many complaints on nonreporting/under- reporting of the toll fee collected by the agents who are entrusted for the collection. There is congestion and crowding of vehicles at toll booths leading to wastage of time and fuel.
In order to remove the bottlenecks and ensure seamless movement of traffic and collection of toll as per the notified rates, the government had constituted a committee on Electronic Toll Collection technology for use on National Highways under the chairmanship of Nandan Nilekani, Chairman, Unique Identification Authority of India.
Recommend

Nifty moves from 8 200 to 8 300 level in just 5 hrsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Government Spending Boosts Q3 Economic Growthreddit
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) -- The U.S. economy grew by a 3.5 percent annual rate in the third quarter, fueled by a surge in exports and the biggest jump in federal spending in five years, screamed one headline this week.
That is all we need to know to understand why U.S. economic growth is finally returning to the long term average that has prevailed since the Great Depression.  This is in spite of the Great Recession and a busted housing bubble that is taking years to recover, record wealth inequality that has kept consumers from spending, and ultra-conservative House Republicans that have refused to allow even the most basic public works spending; such as to repair and replace the roads and bridges that have so fallen into disrepair, not to speak of keeping up with the educational needs of a growing population.
Graph: Calculated Risk
This first graph from Calculated Risk shows the increasing contribution to GDP for residential investment (RI) and state and local governments since 2005. It's the beginning of recovery from the huge slump in RI during the housing bust (blue), followed by the unprecedented period of state and local austerity (red) not seen since the Depression.
It doesn't tell the whole story, of course, as continuing austerity policies that cut government spending and some taxes in Japan and Europe have kept them in recession, whereas the pro-growth actions of the Fed (and boosting of some taxes) have reduced the budget deficit and kept the U.S. government solvent.
It is a phenomenal recovery, even a miracle that this could even happen with a Congress locked in a battle over ideologies, and race. So it is thanks mainly to Ben Bernanke and Janet Yellen's Federal Reserve QE actions, in particular, part of their pro-growth policies that pushed interest rates (especially long term rates) to record lows, just because the Fed could act outside of politics as usual.
"What's more, the U.S. is adding jobs at the fastest rate since the recession ended in 2009 and consumers are feeling the most confidence in seven years, buoyed by a rising stock market and falling gasoline prices. As a result, most analysts believe the U.S. is likely to expand at a 3 percent pace or so in the fourth quarter to string together the best stretch of economic growth since before the Great Recession," said the MarketWatch announcement.
So government spending was the largest contributor, up 10 percent mostly for defense, and exports up 7.8 percent annually. State and local governments' spending rose 1.3 percent, and consumer spending slowed to a 1.8 percent annual pace from 2.5 percent in the prior quarter.
Business investment on equipment decelerated from the second quarter's 11.2 percent gain to 7.2 percent, but is still strong. Residential housing investment grew at a low 1.8 percent rate after an 8.8 percent increase in the spring.
What does all this data mean?  That there are ways around Congressional gridlock, if the executive branch and Federal Reserve concentrate on pro-growth policies that keep interest rates low, raise taxes sufficiently to lower the budget deficit, lower health care costs, support collective bargaining of employees, as well as lobby for higher household incomes to boost consumer spending (and the housing market).
And best of all, this happened with very low inflation, in spite of warnings that more government spending and the Fed's QE policies would cause soaring inflation.  Instead inflation as measured by the PCE index rose just 1.2 percent annually, down from 2.3 percent in Q2, as cheaper energy prices has kept inflation ultra-low. The core PCE that excludes food and energy rose just 1.4 percent.
We can now say we have the goldilocks economy that prevailed through the 1990's -- not too hot or too cold -- that should boost economic growth for years to come, if Congress can be ignored.
Harlan Green © 2014
Follow Harlan Green on Twitter: www.twitter.com/HarlanGreen
More:

Recalibrating Indias foreign policyUpdated: November 1, 2014 07:51 IST
Recalibrating India’s foreign policy
Arvind Virmani
PHOTO: REUTERS Indian Border Security Force (BSF) soldiers patroling near the Line of Control (LoC).
TOPICS
politics
The new government is clearly defining Indian interests (‘India First’) in terms of technological and economic development with a greater focus on these goals in foreign policy
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has now interacted with the leaders of four of the five countries/regions — SAARC, China, Japan, Russia, and U.S. — on the list of foreign policy priorities mentioned in the President’s address to the opening session of Parliament. It is, therefore, an appropriate time to take stock of the underlying changes in the directions of India’s foreign policy. In other words, is Mr. Modi’s foreign policy likely to differ from that of Sonia Gandhi-Manmohan Singh?
Every country’s foreign policy has elements of continuity and change following a change in government. India’s policy under Mr. Modi is no different. The changes have not necessarily been explicitly articulated, but are implicit in the government’s actions and view of the world.
There are five areas of the emerging change: the centrality given to economic and technological development; the orientation of domestic and foreign policies toward this objective; the emphasis on national power including military power; and stress on soft power; and a reduction in self-imposed constraints on actions that other countries may construe as inimical to their interests.
Changes in foreign policy
The first change in foreign policy relates to the greater attention provided to economic objectives. This is not a mere reiteration of the economic development objective that has been India’s mantra since independence but recognition of the role of technology (broadly defined) in all aspects of economic development. This involves an implicit benchmarking of the technological capabilities of the Indian economy with the global best practices; having a perception of the gaps; and setting the goal of bridging these gaps.
The government’s divergence from the policies of the previous regimes is reflected in two initiatives, the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and the Digital India campaign, both of which involve the use of appropriate technology.
“Aggression along the border is being countered by bold moves like the decision to construct a ‘McMahon highway’ in Arunachal Pradesh”
This is probably the first time that an Indian Prime Minister has explained India’s economic and technological objectives abroad — ‘India First’; has identified the specific role each country could play in achieving these objectives — for instance U.S. and Japan; and has made that the centrepiece of his discussion with the leaders of that country. ‘India First’ means that India’s requirements — when it comes to various areas like basic sanitation, defence and space technology — will be expressed with greater clarity and specificity to other countries.
The second change relates to a much greater orientation of domestic and foreign policies toward those objectives. The Indian Prime Minister has been very explicit about Indian objectives with respect to economic development and technological catch-up and in exploring how domestic and international policies will be used to close the gaps across the entire spectrum. Its decisions will then be based on a cost-benefit analysis on a defined set of parameters, not on ideological considerations like that of non-alignment.
The third change is with respect to a greater emphasis on overall national power — recognising that economic power is its foundation, but also giving a greater role to military power.
The Modi government appreciates that economic power cannot be a substitute for military power in deterring aggression from the ideologically driven foes. On the contrary, economic assistance can be viewed by military ideologues as an expression of superiority to be resented. Economic relations can complement international security relationships by influencing the behaviour of non-ideological, economically rational players in the global system but only military strength can deter militaristic ideologues and ensure peace.
Operationally, this has two important implications. One is a clearer appreciation of all the dimensions of external threat, particularly unconventional threats. This requires a build-up of world-class equipment and skills over a much wider spectrum of warfare and covert capabilities and a willingness to boldly attack the aggressor in his safe havens. This is already happening both in terms of enhancing capabilities in counter-terrorism and in defence against non-state actors; and, more importantly, in doctrines incorporating a willingness to take calculated risks in using asymmetric capabilities.
On deterrence
Deterrence is however only effective if the adversary is convinced that the new government will respond to asymmetric warfare with appropriate action spread across a much broader spectrum of conventional and unconventional options. When diplomatic moves sent to our Western neighbour, like the track-2 dialogue, did not have any impact on ‘deep state’, it became necessary to bring about a change in the overall strategy through a heightened conventional response to border firing/ceasefire violations.
Similarly, unconventional psychological warfare and ‘creeping annexation’ tactics along the northern border are being countered by bolder plans — like the decision to construct a ‘McMahon highway’ along LAC in Arunachal — that have both conventional and symbolic components.
The second implication is a much greater focus on national capability to produce a broad range of defence equipment in India. ‘Self-sufficiency’ has been a slogan from the days of Nehruvian socialism, but it played second fiddle to the ideological goal of preserving public sector’s monopoly over the means of (defence) production. This is being decisively broken.
The ability and willingness to transfer technology and help build skills and research capabilities at lower costs will consequently play a much more important role in our relations with Japan, Russia, U.S. and EU countries. This reinvigorated approach to national security is likely to manifest itself in a reversal of the trend of decline in ratio of defence expenditures to GDP.
The fourth change is a greater emphasis on ‘soft power’. Mr. Modi’s speech to the Indian diaspora in New York was a successful attempt to inspire them to contribute to the country’s economic and technological development.
The fifth change is a freeing up of self-imposed, historical and mental constraints on developing the relationship with any country to its full potential. Thus, India’s economic relationship with potential adversaries can be independent of its security relationship. This is reflected in developments like the economic agreements reached between Mr. Modi and Chinese President Xi Jingping, the formation of the BRICS Bank and AIIB (Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank). Further, the relationship with one country will not constrain that with others — cooperation with China will not affect that with Japan. Both will be evaluated in terms of India’s objectives of building national power.
Pragmatic reset of policy
Mr. Modi’s pragmatic reset of policy toward the U.S. reflects this change in overall approach. The U.S. is still the sole superpower and stands head and shoulders above others in the depth and breadth of its strategic and defence technology. It is also a major source of technology, capital and export markets for the Indian private sector.
There are, however, inherent differences in perspective between a rich global power and a poor regional one: U.S. is a net exporter of technology with high per-capita pollution while India is a net technology importer with high incremental pollution.
A pragmatic approach seems to be emerging to resolving these differences and to minimise the negative fallout of unresolved differences and focus on areas of convergence like counter-terrorism and maritime security in and around the Indian Ocean.
The Modi-led government is changing the emphasis of India’s foreign and national security policies. These involve a clearer definition of Indian interests (‘India First’) in terms of technological and economic development; a greater focus on these goals in foreign policy; and a consequent integration of domestic and foreign policies.
There is also a greater effort to enhance military power, including through asymmetric warfare. Self-imposed constraints of ideology and misplaced fears of offending other countries are being jettisoned. Overall a much more confident, credible and effective national security and foreign policy is predicted to emerge over the next five years.
(Dr. Arvind Virmani is a former Chief Economic Advisor, Finance Ministry and Executive Director, IMF.)

US Stocks End a Turbulent Month at a Record HighThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Suzlon Energy reports Rs 656 cr loss in Q2  income risesSuzlon Energy reports Rs 656 cr loss in Q2, income rises
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 13:37 IST
Wind turbine maker Suzlon Energy on Friday posted net loss of Rs 656.21 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15.
The company had reported a net loss of Rs 782.37 crore for the July-September quarter, 2013-14.
Its total income in Q2, 2014-15 increased from Rs 4,820.54 crore a year ago to Rs 5,391.76 crore.
Suzlon plans to list its German subsidiary Senvion on the London Stock Exchange through an initial public offer which is likely to garner close to Rs 7,000 crore.
The company renamed its subsidiary REpower as Senvion, last year. REpower, which was founded in 2001, was acquired by Suzlon Energy in December 2009.
"Globally, we will leverage Senvion's leadership in off-shore technology to capitalise on the growing demand in the offshore segment. The Indian market has witnessed a positive impact of the government's thrust on clean energy and policy reforms," Suzlon Group Chairman Tulsi Tanti said in a statement.
"We have launched new products and will continue to invest in technology to provide clean and affordable energy for all," he added.
Meanwhile, Suzlon which is planning a business revival strategy has set a target of raising Rs 1,000 crore through the sale of its non-core assets during the current fiscal.
The company's order-book on September 30 stood at $6.3 billion.

WhatsApp user base crosses 70 million in IndiaUpdated: November 2, 2014 16:54 IST
WhatsApp user base crosses 70 million in India
PTI
AP The total user base of WhatsApp, which was bought by Facebook in a $19 billion deal earlier this year, is 600 million.
TOPICS
PDAs and smartphones
Mobile messenger service WhatsApp’s user base in India has grown to 70 million active users, which is over a 10th of its global users.
“We have 70 million active users here who use the application at least once a month,” business head Neeraj Arora said at the fifth annual INK Conference.
He said the total user base of the company, which was bought by Facebook in a $19 billion deal earlier this year, is 600 million.
With over a 10th of the users from the country, India is one of the biggest markets for WhatsApp, he said, adding connecting billions of people in markets like India and Brazil is the aim of the company.
Mr. Arora, an alumnus of IIT-Delhi and ISB Hyderabad, said WhatsApp will continue to hold a distinct identity even after the takeover by Facebook and will not get merged with the social networking giant.
He said WhatsApp, which has only 80 employees, will benefit through learnings from the social networking giant.
Mr. Arora, who first heard of WhatsApp as a business development executive for the Internet search giant Google and later joined as its business head, said it took two years to stitch the $19 billion deal announced this April.
Interestingly, Mr. Arora said he would have paid a fraction of the sum to buy WhatsApp three years back.
It would have been in “low tens of million” dollars, he said stressing that the company has grown a lot since then.
Mr. Arora said the user base has doubled to 600 million from the 30 million when he joined three years ago. The company has flourished because of its focus on the product, rather than the business side of things, he said.
“The founders wanted to develop a cool product which will be used by millions and did not have business things like valuations,” he said, stressing that this continues to be a motto of the company.

Sell  rating to Hindustan Unilever shares as price hike drives revenues  but margins surprise: AmbitE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cong & BJP spar over Vadra-microphone incidentCong & BJP spar over Vadra-microphone incident
Even with discounts  car sales fail to take offFlat car sales during festivals a disappointment for industry
By Ketan Thakkar , ET Bureau | 3 Nov, 2014, 08.06AM IST
Combined sales of cars and utility vehicles in the two key festival months are estimated to be flat at best despite automakers offering heavy discounts.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
MUMBAI: For India's passenger vehicle manufacturers, this festive season has been one of disappointment.
The industry was expecting double-digit growth in September and October. But combined sales of cars and utility vehicles in the two key festival months are estimated to be flat at best despite automakers offering heavy discounts, say industry executives.
This weak performance comes after the sector posted higher year-over-year numbers for the first four months of the fiscal year starting April, raising hopes that the auto industry was finally turning around after posting lower sales for two years. Signs of a pickup in the economy had boosted the expectations.
Auto industry veterans like Maruti Suzuki chairman RC Bhargava and Mahindra & Mahindra executive director Pawan Goenka now expect overall sales this fiscal year to fall short of previous predictions. Manufacturers were estimated to have dispatched 2.18 lakh passenger vehicles in October, a 4.5 per cent fall from the same month last year, say industry sources. Sequentially, too, the number has fallen - in September, shipments have totalled 2.2 lakh units.
These numbers do not include the sales of popular vans like Maxximo , Magic Iris and Ace Magic , which are used for commercial purpose. Industry body Society of Indian Automobile Manufactures includes these vehicles under the passenger vehicle category.
"Fuel prices were falling, the Sensex had brought in cheer and one expected the momentum would continue, but that has not happened," Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice-president of sales and marketing at Honda Cars India, said on the sector's performance. "The industry is yet to turn the corner. We will have to watch how the demand scenario pans out."
The two festival months account for a big chunk of sales for manufacturers. This is the fourth straight year of a subdued festive season for the auto industry, though two-wheeler makers have bucked the trend, with most of them posting strong sales. Of the companies that reported October sales, Hyundai , Maruti Suzuki and Honda were among a few that posted higher sales, helped by their new products.
Rakesh Srivastava, senior vice-president for sales and marketing at Hyundai Motor India, said the outlook for the industry looked "very challenging" as demand is slackening with "low growth in economy, low increase in per capital income and low disposable income" due to high inflation.
After announcing the company's July-September results, Maruti's Bhargava said the situation was not as bright as many people had hoped it would be at this point. Mahindra's Goenka expects the industry to grow just around 7 per cent this fiscal year. He had previously forecasted 10 per cent.
For the first half of the fiscal year starting April, sales were estimated to have expanded 4.25 per cent. Volumes in October were impacted also because a large number of holidays in October. But these shutdowns were planned and experts say there was ample inventory with retailers and that the likes of Maruti, Hyundai, Honda and M&M did post strong retail sales. Industry executives now hope the recent drop in fuel prices, as well as the lagged impact of the changes in the economy on consumer sentiment to help sales in coming months.
Usually, it is the festival season when most auto companies make up for weakness in sales in the previous months. But the struggle continues for them this year. "The business going down in festive time is a strong indication that fundamentals have not shown any strong change," said an executive of a multinational company.

Modi  Jaitley join debate on black money  say Centre will bring it backModi  Jaitley join debate on black money  say Centre will bring it back
Three Pak Taliban factions claim handPrint
Posted: November 3, 2014 5:37 am
A splinter group of the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), it said the attack was a reaction to military operation Zarb-i-Azb. Jundallah (meaning ‘Soldiers of Allah’) is affiliated to al-Qaeda and was behind the killing of at least 78 Christians at a church in Peshawar in September last year, apart from a bid on the life of Maulana Fazlur Rehman, a part of the Pakistani ruling coalition, on October 23.
The Zarb-i-Azb operation was launched by Pakistani armed forces in north Waziristan against militant groups in June.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar group: A faction that broke away from the main TTP in September, it claimed one of its men carried out the Wagah attack, in retaliation for the killings in North Waziristan. Its spokesman said the attack was part of their war against the government and their attempt to enforce their version of Islamic law.
The Jamaat-ul-Ahrar (freedom fighters group) was set up by half-a-dozen militant commanders who previously worked for the TTP but were expelled for “interfering in internal affairs of the Afghan Taliban”. It is headed by Omar Khalid Khorasani, who earlier this year claimed killing of 23 Pakistani paramilitaries held since 2010.
Mehsud group: Also a faction of the TTP, it is loyal to Hakimullah Mehsud. It said the attack was carried out to avenge Mehsud’s killing in a US drone strike last year.
The Mehsud group, under the leadership of Ameer Khalid Mehsud, separated from the central TTP earlier this year, saying the TTP was involved in kidnapping for ransom, extortion and blasts at public places while they only supported action against oppressors.
The Pakistani Taliban have been riven with rift since Maulana Fazlullah was elected head last November following the killing of Hakimullah Mehsud. Fazlullah, nicknamed “Radio Mullah”, was the de facto ruler of Pakistan’s Swat valley from 2007 to 2009, using his station to announce who his fighters would execute the next day.
The loosely aligned groups that now form TTP frequently share personnel, tactics and agendas and claims for specific incidents are often hard to verify.
Jundallah and Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, however, both consider Afghan Taliban chief Mullah Muhammad Omar their supreme leader. The Pakistani Taliban have always considered Mullah Omar their leader; though the Afghan Taliban have never formally owned them.

Bomber in early 20s  was carrying 25 kg explosivesPrint
An injured child at a Lahore hospital. (Source: AP photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Wagah Border | Posted: November 3, 2014 5:29 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 5:35 am
At least 55 people, including 11 women and three security personnel, were killed and nearly 200 injured when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah in Pakistan Sunday, minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the hugely symbolic and main land border crossing with India.
“A large number of people were returning after watching the Rangers flag ceremony at Wagah border when a suicide bomber blew himself up near one of the exit gates,” Inspector General of Punjab Police Mushtaq Sukhera said.
Three Pakistani Rangers were among the dead. “The Rangers had made stringent security measures but it was difficult to check suicide bomber,” he said.
According to Sukhera, the bomber appeared to be in his early 20s and was carrying 20 to 25 kilograms of explosives with him, some of which was hidden inside his jacket. He said the suicide bomber was stopped at the gate of the parade ground and detonated the bomb right when people gathered near the gate.
Al-Qaeda affiliated militant group Jandullah, which was behind a suicide bombing that killed at least 78 Christians at a church in Peshawar last year, claimed responsibility for the attack.
The spokesman of the splinter group of the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan Ahmed Marwat said the attack was a reaction to military operation Zarb-i-Azb and Waziristan operation.
Condemning the blast, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif ordered authorities to provide best medical assistance to the injured.
Defence Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif expressed the government’s resolve to fight terrorism in the country. In a statement, he said the terrorists cannot dent the resolve of the nation to fight terrorism, Radio Pakistan reported.
In New Delhi, Prime Minister Narendra Modi condemned the attack, calling it “shocking” and “a dastardly act of terrorism”. He offered condolences to the families of the dead and sent prayers for the injured.
Huge crowds gather every evening at the Wagah crossing, 22 kilometres from Lahore, to watch a “lowering of the flags” ceremony and witness the energetic display of military pageantry that accompanies the closing of the border post which soldiers from both countries have conducted for decades at this crossing.
Earlier reports had said it could be a cylinder blast.
In the wake of Muharram, the police had made strict security measures. “We had reports that some banned outfits might target Shias, religious personalities, public processions and important buildings,” Sukhera said.
Imdad Husain, an eyewitness, told reporters that he was returning after watching the parade ceremony when he heard a huge explosion near the market. “I fell unconscious. When I gained consciousness, there was complete darkness. Many injured and I cried for help, lying on the road. After 15 minutes, some rescue men came towards me and shifted me to Ghurki Hospital,” he said.
Samina Bibi was returning with her husband and two young children when the blast took place. On a bed of the Ghurki Hospital, she was continued…

ET Wealth: Here s how you can gain from bond...You are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
Here's how you can gain from the bond rally
Narendra Nathan, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
bond rally
(As inflation dips and the…)
The rapid decline in inflation in the past 4-5 months is good news for everybody, but debt fund investors should be particularly happy. Consumer inflation is now below the RBI's January 2015 target of 8% and very close to its January 2016 target of 6%, raising hopes that the apex bank will cut interest rates.
Most experts believe rates will be cut by 50-100 basis points in the next one year. If interest rates are cut, the prices of long-term bonds shoot up. Mutual funds that have lined their portfolios with long-term bonds benefit the most.
In addition to falling inflation, the RBI is also under pressure to cut interest rates because the economic growth is refusing to pick up. In August, the index of industrial production rose by 0.4%. The government has also joined the clamour for a rate cut.
In an interview last week, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said, "Now that inflation seems to be stabilising, the time seems to have come to moderate interest rates."
The market has already begun factoring in a fall in inflation and a subsequent rate cut. The benchmark 10-year bond yield is now at 8.3%, down from a high of over 9% in April this year.
This has pushed up the returns of debt funds. Several long-term gilt funds have generated terrific returns in the past 3-6 months (see tables). Experts say this is a good time to get into these long-term debt funds to reap maximum gains from the bond rally.
Says Vikram Dalal, managing director, Synergee Capital Services: "Long duration funds are a good option now and one can expect 14-15% return from them in the next one year."
Though a rate cut is on the cards, several international and domestic considerations will be at play before the RBI governor, Raghuram Rajan, makes his move. Experts believe that the first rate cut will not happen before April next year. Says Dwijendra Srivastava, chief investment officer (debt), Sundaram Mutual Fund: "The RBI may wait for more policy reform measures before it starts acting."
The RBI is keeping a hawk eye on four major factors. First, the expected interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve and its impact on global markets, especially on the Indian rupee.
The concerns over the withdrawal of the Fed's bond-buying stimulus programme had resulted in a major upheaval in 2013, with the rupee plunging to close to 70 against the US dollar. This had forced the RBI to increase rates and take other restrictive measures.
The second is inflationary pressure. The wholesale and consumer inflation are down due to a drastic fall in global crude prices and a high base effect, which is expected to wane by the end of this month. This will translate into a slight uptick in inflation from December onwards. The RBI will act only after assessing the December inflation numbers. The apex bank will also keep a close watch on the government measures to reduce supply side problems.
While the diesel decontrol was aimed at reducing the fiscal subsidy and, therefore, was a welcome step, the government is yet to take a call on other petroleum products, such as LPG and kerosene. The Union Budget in February 2015 will be the other major event that would determine the rate cut decision. The fiscal deficit target for 2014-15 is optimistic, more so because tax collections are lagging behind the target.
"The RBI may also wait for clearer fiscal numbers before getting into the cutting mode," says Kunal Shah, fund manager, debt, Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance. Therefore, don't expect a rate cut before the April review.
 
No fear of a rate hike
While the market also knows that the rate cut may not happen immediately, it has discounted fears of a rate hike. Says Shah: "The probability of a 25 bps rate hike has gone down from around 25% three months ago to around 10% now."
The other factor pulling down bond yields is the improvement in the government's financial position. Says A Balasubramanian, CEO, Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund: "The supply of government securities will reduce if the Centre sticks with its fiscal deficit figures. It may not be necessary for the government to borrow big time in the fourth quarter of 2014-15."
The 10-year government bond yield has fallen by more than 40 basis points in the past four months (see chart). Then there is the slowdown in credit growth. With very few borrowers, banks have been forced to park their money in government securities and thereby increasing its demand. The large inflow of FII funds to the Indian debt market is also pulling down the yields.
With the currency remaining stable in the Rs60-62 range, most of this money is flowing to India to benefit the interest rate arbitrage. After exhausting the government securities limit, this money has now started flowing into the corporate bond market. "The RBI may be forced to cut rates and reduce the rate difference if the Indian markets are not able to absorb large inflow of arbitrage funds," says Srivastava.
Medium or long-duration bonds

Sensex Nears 28 000  Nifty Hits 8 350You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Struggle After Hitting Life Highs
NDTV | Updated On: November 03, 2014 13:04 (IST)
India Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
Indian markets struggled to hold on to their early gains which saw them setting fresh highs for the third straight day. The Sensex rose nearly 100 points in early trade, setting a new high of 27,969. Nifty rose to 8,350 to its day's high.
Putting pressure on the Sensex was auto stocks which came under selling pressure after disappointing October sales from many automakers. Hero MotoCorp, M&M, Bajaj Auto and Maruti were down between 1-2 per cent.
Some buying was seen in banking stocks, with SBI, Bank of Baroda and Axis Bank rising over 1 per cent.
Renewed buying from foreign institutional investors, announcement of reform measures and a rally in global markets have seen Indian markets rally in nine out of 10 previous sessions.
On Friday, the announcement of the surprise stimulus measures from Bank of Japan saw Sensex and Nifty rally nearly 2 per cent. It also triggered a rally in global markets on Friday. Besides that Indian markets saw foreign institutional investors buying nearly Rs 1,750 crore worth of domestic equities on Friday.
Gautam Shah, senior vice president at JM Financial Services, says the momentum is in favour of the bulls and Nifty could touch 8,450 in the immediate run. "The technical set-ups of the market at this point don't point out the market losing ground immediately," he adds. Mr Shah has a Nifty target of 8600 for the year-end.
Asian markets were mixed today with after data showed China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October as a cooling property sector weighed on demand, a survey showed on Monday, adding to signs of fragility in the world's second-largest economy.
The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 53.8 in October from September's 54.0, which was the weakest reading since January, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
At 12:57 pm, the Sensex was down 16 points to 27,849 while Nifty fell 7 points to 8,314.
(With Agency Inputs)

Wagah border blast: Suicide bomber kills 55 in PakistanWagah border blast: Suicide bomber kills 55 in Pakistan
Eicher Motors: Updates on sales data of October 2014Eicher Motors: Updates on sales data of October 2014
Gold may fall to Rs 24500 by Dec if rupee stays constantGold may fall to Rs 24500 by Dec if rupee stays constant
Sensex up 77 points in early tradeSensex ends below 27,000 mark
Our Bureau
Obama's speech, Fed rate hike fears dampen investor sentiment
Mumbai, Sept 11:  
Sensex slipped 62 points to close below the psychological level of 27,000.
The benchmark index opened on the higher side at 27143 against 27057 registered on Wednesday. It made a high of 27151 and low of 26904 before closing at 26996. Turnover on BSE was higher at `3,608 crore against `3,263 crore recorded on Wednesday.
In NSE, Nifty was down eight points at 8,086.
Coal India, NHPC and ONGC declined four per cent, five per cent and four per cent to Rs 361, Rs 21 and Rs 429 in a volatile trade after the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs on Wednesday approved stake-sale in these state-run companies.
Sun Pharmaceutical dipped four per cent to Rs 823 on reports that the company's manufacturing facility in Halol, Gujarat is on a surprise inspection by the US Food and Drug Administration. Halol plant reportedly contributes to about 40 per cent of US sales and around 25 per cent of consolidated profit of the company.
Shares of Ranbaxy Labs, which was acquired by Sun Pharmaceutical in April, fell five per cent to Rs 622.
Other pharma stocks such as Cadila Healthcare (down 1.14%), Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (down 0.68%), Wockhardt (down 1.40%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (down 0.96%) and Lupin (down 1.79%) also declined.
The major gainers were MotherSumi (9%), GMDC (6%), Bharat Forge (6%), Corp Bank (6%), Indian Bank (5%) and REC (5%).
Prominent losers were NHPC (-5%), Ranbaxy (-5%), Sun Pharma (-4%), J&K Bank (-4%), ONGC (-4%) and Coal India (-4%).
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)
Related

Sensex extends rallyUpdated: October 30, 2014 10:17 IST
Sensex extends rally
The Hindu Brokers said reforms in construction and real estate sectors, announced by the government yesterday, also influenced trading sentiments.
TOPICS
market and exchange
Continuing its winning streak for the third straight session, the benchmark BSE Sensex rose over 48 points and the NSE Nifty regained the 8,100-mark in early trade today on sustained buying in bluechip stocks amid a mixed trend in Asian markets.
Besides, covering-up of pending short positions by speculators on the last day of October series expiry in the derivatives segment, buoyed market sentiments.
The BSE 30-share barometer rose over 48.27 points, or 0.17 per cent, to 27,146.44. The NSE Nifty also maintained its rising trend and regained the 8,100-mark for the first time since September 23 by gaining 12.10 points, or 0.14 per cent, to trade at 8,102.55.
Brokers said reforms in construction and real estate sectors, announced by the government yesterday, also influenced trading sentiments.
Besides, a mixed trend in other Asian markets boosted the sentiment, they added.
Among other Asian markets, Japan’s Nikkei was up by 0.27 per cent, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng shed 0.33 per cent in early trade today.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 0.18 per cent down in yesterday’s trade.

Visual guide: How to spot a fake currency noteChecklist to identify a fake currency note
(Photo credit: Reserve Bank of India)
1 / 16

Israeli Cartoonist Sparks Outrage With Controversial CartoonThe cartoon was published amid a controversy in which an unnamed U.S. official reportedly called Netanyahu " chickenshit ."
Many took offense at the cartoon, and the Anti-Defamation League demanded an apology.
" The cartoon in question is offensive on many levels ," ADL National Director Abraham H. Foxman said in a statement. "Not only does it completely misrepresent any tensions which may current exist between the U.S. government and Mr. Netanyahu, it disrespects the memories of thousands of innocent Americans and others who tragically perished on 9/11, and the deep pain and trauma caused by the horrific attacks."
Foxman added that the cartoon feeds conspiracy theories about the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks, which were carried out by al Qaeda terrorists. He wrote:
Furthermore, as anti-Semitic conspiracy theories charging that Israel and/or Jews were behind the attacks are still believed by large swaths of the Muslim world, it is particularly jarring and incredibility irresponsible that an Israeli newspaper, especially one whose journalistic standards are widely respected, would resort to publishing such a highly offensive stereotype in the name of political satire.
Some family members of 9/11 victims also took offense.
“If this cartoon shows that Israel flies the plane into the World Trade Center, then it is the most ridiculous display I’ve ever seen ," Roman Gertsberg, whose daughter was killed in the attack, told Algemeiner. "Nobody in their right mind should associate Israel with flying a plane into the WTC. It it very offensive to 9/11 families to distort the historical events of that tragic day in order to bring attention to one political statement or another.”
On Twitter, users roundly rejected the cartoon, calling it " obscene ," " staggering ," and " f**king disgusting ."
But Biderman said he wasn't trying to insult anyone.
" I wasn't sufficiently aware of the great sensitivity that 9/11 holds for Americans ," he told Haaretz on Thursday, adding:
"I have drawn cartoons depicting every war that Israel has fought, including the Yom Kippur War -- which I was involved in -- where we suffered thousands of casualties. I have used some of Israel's greatest tragedies as the background for my cartoon. In one of my recent cartoons, which poked fun at the so-called Milky protest, I even referenced the Gestapo. I never imagined that by using an image that evoked 9/11 I would cause such a storm."
"I was mocking Bibi," Biderman said. "He's been acting like a bull in a china shop with the United States, which is Israel's most important strategic asset."
Also on HuffPost:

PM Modi runs the talk on unityPM Modi flags off the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
PM Modi during the Run for Unity in New Delhi on Friday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
People participate in the Run for Unity at Rajpath, New Delhi on Friday. (Sanjeev Verma/HT Photo)
PM Modi takes part in the 'Run for Unity' at Rajpath in New Delhi on Friday. (Sanjeev Verma/HT Photo)
People during the Run for Unity flag-off at Vijay Chowk in New Delhi on Friday. (Sanjeev Verma/HT Photo)
(R-L) Boxer Vijender Singh, wrestler Sushil Kumar and Yogeshwar Dutt during the Run for Unity flag-off on Sardar Patel's birth anniversary at Vijay Chowk in New Delhi. (Sanjeev Verma/HT Photo)
PM Modi, along with the people who attended the Run for Unity at Vijay Chowk in New Delhi on Friday. (Sanjeev Verma/HT Photo)
Advertisement

GDP growth to be in 5.5-5.9 per cent range: FMGDP growth to be in 5.5-5.9 per cent range, says Arun Jaitley
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 12:06 IST
FM Arun Jaitley
Declining prices of crude oil and food will help lower inflation, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday and expressed confidence that economic growth in the current fiscal will be in the 5.5-5.9 per cent range.
"The major priority of the government is to bring back growth momentum into country's economy. The Indian economy has potential for achieving and sustaining higher growth," Jaitley said while addressing the Consultative Committee meeting iin New Delhi.
For 2014-15, the minister expects that the growth could be in the range of 5.5-5.9 per cent, said a Finance Ministry statement after the meeting.
Jaitley outlined major priorities of the government as reviving and sustaining higher GDP growth, increasing savings, fiscal consolidation, keeping the Current Account Deficit at moderate level and reviving investment cycle, among others.
Decline in investments and the manufacturing sector output pulled down the economic growth in last two fiscals to below 5 per cent. The economy grew at 4.7 per cent in 2013-14.
Jaitley said the recent decline in international oil prices as also domestic food items point towards lower inflation in the coming months.
WPI inflation moderated to 5-year low of 2.38 per cent mainly on account of decline in food prices.
"The capital flows to finance Current Account Deficit is adequate and further moderation in CAD can be expected in 2014-15 due to lower oil prices," Jaitley said.
CAD, which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign currency, touched a record high of 4.7 per cent in 2012-13 fiscal. It came down to 1.7 per cent in 2013-14.
Meanwhile, Brent crude futures fell below $86 a barrel. The oil benchmark has fallen more than 9 per cent so far in October.
Jaitley also outlined boosting manufacturing sector growth, infrastructure sector and exports, tackling food inflation, rationalising subsidies and reforms in direct and indirect taxes as his priority areas.
"Higher growth leads to more revenue collections, better employment opportunities and increase in Government's capacity to finance social sector programmes," he said.
The meeting was attended by Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha MPs, besides five secretaries in the Finance Ministry.

Our too-easily offended publicSpecial Arrangement Banning is not exactly a new phenomenon.
TOPICS
controversies (cinema)
Kaththi is only the latest in a series of films that have been greeted by bans in Tamil Nadu. Mohan V. Raman looks back
The controversy surrounding Vijay-starrer Kaththi is something we need to think about. Usually, there are two causes that lead to a ban or stay a film — content or commerce.
The commercial aspect is adjudicated by courts or film trade bodies, and it’s clearly working. It is when objections on content are raised that problems crop up resolved in court.
Films can be monitored by the Censor Board, the courts, or the state or central government but of late, private groups are taking on this role, a totally unconstitutional act that usually indicates the reluctance or inability of the state police to take control of the situation.
When India started to make its own films, the British passed an Act to regulate content. Subsequently, the Indian Cinematograph Act was passed in 1918 and 1952. According to director Mani Ratnam, who has handled many sensitive subjects in films such as Roja, Bombay, Nayakan, Guru or Iruvar, the fundamental reason for the illegal bans we see today is the fact that the law has not changed to suit today’s needs. Ratnam recalls how Bombay was sent to the censor office in Mumbai, with the Chennai censor office unable to explain its inability to certify. And how different groups of people were asked to view the film, both these actions not standard procedure.
The film was ultimately cleared after elections in Maharashtra. Ratnam’s solution to this increasing creative interference by various private groups is simple: “If political pressure and influence is curtailed, social interference will also stop. The Censor Board is fully authorised and competent to do its job.”
Banning is not exactly a new phenomenon. The earliest case of a Tamil film being banned was K. Subramanyam’s Thyagabhoomi in 1939, with its many scenes advocating independence, khadi, and the Swadeshi movement. The distributor S.S. Vasan, on learning of the proposed ban, threw open theatre doors and allowed everyone to watch the film for free. This led to huge crowds outside Gaiety Theatre and also caused a lathi charge and police firing that resulted in the death of one fan. The ban was lifted only after independence.
Thyagabhoomi also had social messages like widow remarriage and Harijan temple entry, which led to the film’s director K. Subramanyam, a Brahmin, being excommunicated.
Later, Annadurai’s Velaikaari (1949) and Parasakthi (1952) were threatened with bans for their strong social content — they were seen to be promoting the ‘rationalist’ thoughts of the Dravidian parties, then in the Opposition. The ‘atheistic, anti-Hindu’ dialogues penned by M. Karunanidhi were the chief irritants, who ironically when Chief Minister in 2006, tried to ban the English film The Da Vinci Code on the grounds that it may hurt religious sentiments.
Other notable examples include Agraharathil Kazhuthai (1977), and Orey Oru Gramathile (1989), the latter was released only after producer S. Rangarajan, agreed to change the climactic scene.
In 1973, K. Balachander’s Arangetram was considered offensive to Brahmins. Another film, based on Komal Swaminathan’s much-censored play Thanneer Thanneer, saw both DMK and AIADMK members seeking a ban. The state government even tried to amend the TN Cinemas (Regulation) Act 1955 in order to ban films that are critical of MLAs and Ministers. Kamal’s Hey Ram faced problems, and Virumaandi had to change its original title Sandiyar,as one political party thought it could be seen as insulting to a group of people.
Another recent example is the John Abraham-starrer Madras Café that could not be released in Tamil Nadu since some groups believed it portrayed the Sri Lankan Tamil cause inaccurately.
Justice K. Chandru, who struck down the law on play censorship, introduced mainly to curb the work of M.R. Radha, recently remarked that censorship in India is not merely created by the State but also by personal, fundamentalist groups, who are pandered to by the government, as they are vote banks. We must perhaps bear in mind the thoughts of Rajaji on the film Parasakthi: ‘The course of freedom cannot be damned.Things will go on until people learn what is worthless’.

Pabst in the Metropoulos eraBy Drew Harwell October 30 Follow @drewharwell
When Pabst Brewing, the lowbrow beer house behind Old Milwaukee and Colt 45, went on the market in 2010, few expected its new buyer would have the industrialist poise or presidential hairline of billionaire dealmaker C. Dean Metropoulos.
The 68-year-old investor was one of America’s richest men, a star of the private-equity world prone to high-minded disquisitions on global sustainability . Pabst was the musty dive-bar maker of some of the cheapest beers ever canned.
But under Metropoulos’s control, the 170-year-old brewer continued its streak of remarkable growth: Sales climbed 35 percent in three years, to 350 million liters of beer a year. Then last month, Metropoulos surprised again: He would sell Pabst, four years after buying, for nearly $500 million in profit.
Metropoulos had done it again. The veteran turnaround artist has built his livelihood on scooping up crestfallen brands and preparing them for new success — or at least a profitable resale. By those conquests, he has accrued a net worth of $2.1 billion .
Dubbed “ Mr. Shelf Space ” for his dominance of the lucrative American grocery aisles, he has, over three decades, revived brands as distinct as Bumble Bee, Duncan Hines, Vlasic, Ghirardelli, Hungry-Man and Chef Boyardee. His masterstroke: as the savior who last year rescued Twinkies from the trash bin of history.
(Beverage Information Group)
Yet Metropoulos’s Pabst deal was different in one important way. To lead the beer giant, he tapped his sons, who, unlike their decorous father, were known largely for their fast-talking, party-boy gloss: Daren, 31, who bought an $18 million mansion from Hugh Hefner, and Evan, 33, who a decade ago told a New York Times reporter, “I’ve been with more chicks than any fat guy you know, except Pavarotti.”
Even before they unveiled any changes for the vintage brewery, the family’s legacy had some Pabst die-hards on edge. The brothers, San Francisco blogger Zach Perkins wrote in 2010 , “are about as far from both hipster and blue collar (the demographics that keep PBR profitable) as they could possibly be.”
Now, as Metropoulos and his sons close their latest turnaround, many in the beer world have wondered: How did they pull it off? And what quarry are they eyeing next?
Neither Dean Metropoulos nor his sons would talk extensively with The Washington Post before the closing of the Pabst deal, planned for early November.
The Metropoulos playbook, for all its success, is deceptively simple: Buy a well-known brand that has, as Dean told Leaders Magazine, lost its “ mojo ;” re-energize it with new packaging, maybe, or a high-profile ad campaign; sell the newly hyped brand for a handsome profit; repeat.
The strategy works, Metropoulos says, because he can think more creatively and devote more attention to a brand’s future than its overextended conglomerate owners could. “We move quickly,” Dean told Time magazine last year. “We don’t like to be slowed down with analytics or bureaucracy.”
A farmer’s son who emigrated from Greece at age 9, Metropoulos made his first corporate deal in his 20s, buying a European maker of space heaters and air conditioners with, as he told Greek American magazine Neo , “all the money I ever had.” He later made a series of profitable acquisitions for a Vermont specialty-cheese company.
Mega-investor C. Dean Metropoulos made billions reviving stale brands. Then his party-loving sons joined in. (Handout/Handout)
As his profile grew, big investment banks and private-equity giants began trusting him with their money in hopes he’d find the next big thing. Many of the gold mines were one-time middle-America favorites largely abandoned on store shelves.
In 1996, for example, he and a Dallas buyout firm gathered $1.3 billion to buy International Home Foods, the keeper of little lunch staples such as Chef Boyardee canned pasta and Bumble Bee tuna. Four years later, they sold it to ConAgra, comfortably doubling their money.
His targets, he told Time , were mostly nostalgia brands, household names that “no matter how badly they’ve been mismanaged, cannot be killed over time.” So last year, he found a match in Twinkies, teaming up with a private-equity firm and paying more than $400 million to buy the dessert icon out from Hostess Brands’ bankruptcy.
The new owners returned the snack cakes to shelves, but they also dramatically changed production lines to enhance efficiencies. One 84-year-old bakery in suburban Chicago, which employed 400 factory workers, was reopened only to close a year later.
Despite that, “The Sweetest Comeback in the History of Ever,” as Twinkies’ marketing called it, tapped into a national nostalgia for unapologetic junk-food cravings and appeared to pen a happy ending on a story of big business gone wrong. It also canonized Metropoulos with a level of public goodwill most billionaire buyout kings could only dream of.
When Metropoulos bought Pabst for $250 million in cash in 2010, it appeared a similar success was afoot. The brand boasted its fast-growing flagship Pabst Blue Ribbon, regional favorites (Lone Star in Texas, National Bohemian in Baltimore, Rainier in the Pacific Northwest) and a series of vintage, smoky stalwarts (Colt 45, Old Milwaukee, Schaefer, Stroh’s, Schlitz).
“Each one of them has a story,” he said in a Bloomberg News interview. “People yearn to go back to some of our heritage.”
This time, he put his sons in charge. Metropoulos had been grooming them for years to be heirs to his creative legacy, calling them “game changers” for their youthful familiarity with social media and brand-building.
In 2000, when Evan Metropoulos was featured on MTV’s “True Life: I’m the Youngest Tycoon in the World,” he bragged of working on multimillion-dollar sponsorship deals as a college freshman between commutes to class in his Humvee. Three years later, when his father bought a $10.9 million luxury hotel called the Castle overlooking the Hudson River, he gave ownership positions to his sons, then 20 and 22.
Under the family’s ownership, Pabst shed its famous resistance to advertising with some off-the-wall attempts at viral marketing. To promote the Pacific Northwest-based beer Olympia, it offered $1 million last year to “ anyone who can ensure the safe capture of Bigfoot .”
Pabst also tapped big celebrity cameos: rapper Snoop Dogg in a white fur coat promoting a potent, fruity “alcopop,” Blast by Colt 45; actor Will Ferrell in a series of inscrutable low-budget Old Milwaukee ads that aired only in tiny TV markets before taking off online.
One of those Old Milwaukee ads, which aired in North Platte, Neb., during the Super Bowl, proved wildly successful not just for the volume of public chatter it inspired, but for its frugality: While other companies paid $3.5 million for 30-second game-day spots, theirs was watched more than 3 million times on YouTube and cost about $1,500.
Sometimes the Metropoulos mojo was a little much. After he bought Pabst, Metropoulos reportedly told top staffers he wanted to pull Old Style, “Chicago’s Beer Since 1902,” out of a deal as the ballpark beer for Wrigley Field in order to spend more on promoting Old Style Light, according to the Chicago Tribune. When Cubs fans revolted, the firm changed its mind.
The takeover of Pabst was not universally loved within its headquarters, which the brothers moved from its Chicago suburb to Los Angeles, near where they lived. Dozens of Pabst employees defected, and some top executives spoke bitterly about their new owners, who they said belittled and overloaded employees with impulsive, oddball ideas.
“No one at Pabst had ever screamed obscenities into the phone before (Daren and Evan). . . . They were trying to manage through fear and aggression,” said Bryan Cook, 36, a Pabst field marketing representative who worked there six years before quitting in 2012. “They were 20-something billionaires whose dad had bought them a new toy.”
If there was tension between the brothers and their father, they’ve hidden it well. Dean Metropoulos said his sons “have been critical to me,” crediting “their energy and their different way of thinking in connecting with young millennial consumers.”
The brothers filled social media with photos of celebrities at brand parties and a blog with tributes to “awesome” old PBR ads. During a TV interview in a convenience store , Evan Metropoulos shifted a six-pack of PBR in front of a competitor in the cooler case, leading his brother to joke, “This is how you position the brands.”
Yet their guerrilla marketing did little to help some of Pabst’s flagging brands. Shipments of Old Milwaukee cases dropped 23 percent in the two years after Will Ferrell’s first ads, according to the Beverage Information Group, an alcohol-industry research firm. In 2013, two years after Snoop Dogg’s endorsement of Blast by Colt 45, the drink still sold less than Schlitz.
The brothers also struggled to match their father’s well-honed public polish. At age 25, Daren bought a sprawling manor next to the Playboy Mansion, a palatial home they later staged for Snoop Dogg’s 41st birthday party. “Let’s be honest,” Evan Metropoulos told Howard Stern last year. “I don’t have to work.”
Pabst’s pending sale to a little-known partnership — including a Cyprus-based investor, Oasis Beverages, with breweries in Russia — led some Pabst lovers to worry over a betrayal of the beer’s all-American roots. It also contradicted some of the brothers’ early public wishes for the brand.
Calling Pabst “a trophy property . . . we’ll own for the rest of our lives,” they belittled foreign beer ownership during a 2010 interview with Bloomberg Businessweek. Evan even imagined berating a non-customer : “Shame on you for drinking Bud Light! What the hell are you drinking that for? To support some foreigners?”
So why did the Metropoulos family sell? Short turnarounds are a Metropoulos trademark, and the potential for a half-billion dollars in profit probably didn’t hurt. Pabst’s brands, as with American brewers in general, also faced rising competition from craft beers, spirits and wine.
“Maybe what they decided to do,” said Adam Rogers of the Beverage Information Group, “was get out while the getting was good.”
What’s next? The Metropoulos family has been open about wanting to buy a pro football team, and their names have emerged in talks for the Oakland Raiders, the Jacksonville Jaguars and, this year,  the Buffalo Bills .
Dean Metropoulos said “other deals are coming along soon enough,” but would not hint as to what. Whatever they are, his sons will likely come along for the ride.
“We make so many acquisitions,” Metropoulos told an interviewer , “it’s easy not to step on each other’s feet.”
Drew Harwell is a national business reporter at The Washington Post.

Fill 5.5 lakh police vacancies in one year: Centre to statesThe Hindu Around 5.5 lakh posts in police force lying vacant across the country, Union Home Secretary Anil Goswami said . File Photo
TOPICS
police
With 5.5 lakh posts in police force lying vacant across the country, the Centre has asked all states to fill up the vacancies in a time-bound manner, preferably within a year, as the crime graph is soaring gradually.
In separate letters to chief secretaries and DGPs of all states and union territories, Union Home Secretary Anil Goswami said the number of cognisable IPC crimes in the country has gone up to 26,47,722 in 2013 from 21,21,345 in 2009 and provision of adequate manpower in state police forces is one of the pre-requisites to arrest such a trend.
“In view of the aforesaid, may I request you to initiate a time-bound action plan to fill up the existing vacancies in the state police preferably within a period of one year,” he wrote in the letter.
The highest 1,01,100 posts of police personnel are lying vacant in Uttar Pradesh, followed by 45,191 in Gujarat, 38,725 in West Bengal and 32,247 vacancies in Andhra Pradesh as on January 1, 2013.
Mr. Goswami asked the state governments to review the existing sanctioned strength of police personnel at all levels in light of crime rate, available technology and national and international benchmarks for police population ratio so as to strengthen and maintain a feeling of safety and security in the country by preventing crimes and upholding law and order.
“This shortage has the potential to adversely affect the efficiency and effectiveness of the law-and-order machinery and the confidence of the citizens in the capacity of the police to protect the property and lives of people,” the letter said.
Quoting Bureau of Police Research and Development records, Mr. Goswami said against the 22,09,027 sanctioned posts in police forces in the country, there are 16,60,666 police personnel as on January 1, 2013, leaving 5,48,361 posts vacant.
There are also 22,440 vacancies in police force of Haryana, 20,916 in Chhattisgarh, 20,670 in Tamil Nadu, 20,274 in Karnataka, 19,251 in Bihar and 17,352 in Punjab.

Chinese farmers gain taste for coffeeChinese farmers gain taste for coffee
Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39673c02-603a-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kerala:  Kiss of Love  campaign meets wall of cops and protesters  fizzles outComments
The much-hyped ‘kiss of love’ campaign to protest against growing moral policing has fizzled out after the police rounded up 50-odd activists who were planning to march towards Marine Drive, the venue of the event. The police detained the organisers and sympathisers, including women, even before they could reach the venue of the symbolic protest against moral policing.
A girl kisses a boy as a support to 'Kiss of Love' protest rally, in Kochi on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
Just as the march began at around 4pm, the police team led by DCP (Law and Order), R Nishantini, took the organisers and sympathisers into custody and bundled them into a police van as they raised slogans against moral policing.
Though the organisers had claimed that 5,000 activists would take part in the event many pro-kiss activists backed out at the eleventh hour fearing violence. Since morning many anti-kiss drive activists had swarmed Marine Drive and assembled at vantage points insisting that they won’t allow the event come what may.
The police resorted to a mild lathi-charge to disperse the crowd that attacked two motor-cyle borne pro-kiss activists.  At least eight protesters and media personnel were injured in the ensuing scuffle. Traffic was disrupted for more than two hours.
Despite the police arresting them minutes before their march to the venue, pro-kiss activists claimed that their campaign was a run-away hit. “We succeeded in sending a strong message throughout the country that moral policing is worse than voyeurism. We got unprecedented support from many quarters. It is a strong warning to moral police,” said N Nandini, one of the activists.
Earlier, protesters on Sunday blocked roads leading to Kochi’s Marine Drive, the venue for ‘Kiss of Love’ — a mass-kissing campaign against alleged moral policing by right-wing groups.
The port city remained tense with suspected members of the Shiv Sena, Samastha Sunni Students Federation and other activist groups saying they would not let the event take place.
Around 1,000 policemen were deployed to prevent any untoward incident as those supporting the drive planned to march to the venue by 5:00pm.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised recently by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
A day after the Kerala high court refused to intervene, the organisers said on Sunday they would go ahead with the protest, even as they were yet to get permission from the police.
Though the police had denied permission for the event, they said they would only intervene if it created a law and order problem.
Stressing that it was "not a kiss fest" but a gathering of like-minded people to raise awareness against moral policing, the organisers said they would next focus on creating awareness about the deadly AIDS.
'Free Thinkers', a Facebook group organising the programme, expected about 700-1000 people would participate.
"There is no question of backtracking. The protest will be held as scheduled at 5pm at the venue with participants holding placards," Rahul Pasupalan, IT professional and short film maker and Jijo Kuriakose, a researcher and members of 'Free Thinkers' had told reporters earlier in the day.
On Saturday, the organisers had received a shot in the arm with the Kerala high court refusing to interfere with the event after the state government assured action would be taken in the event of any illegal activities. Two petitions seeking to prohibit the event was disposed by the court recording the government's submission.
"This is not a kiss fest. It is a gathering of like minded people to protest against moral policing. We are independent thinkers and this is a gathering of the Facebook users," they said, adding young and old couple, parents and youngsters were all welcome to participate in the event, which is a platform to protest against moral policing.
Pasupalan said though they approached police four days back with a request for permission to conduct the event, they were yet to receive any intimation allowing or denying permission.
Pointing out that kissing and hugging was only a form of agitation they had chosen to raise awareness against moral policing, Rahul said it was precisely due to the novel form of protest they had adopted that so much heat had been generated.
"Isn't everyone talking about the event?" he asked.
"Because we selected this form of protest, everyone is discussing it. We want to create an awareness against moral policing," they said.
Jijo Kuriakose said the group would next focus their attention on creating awareness about the deadly AIDS.
Interestingly parallel to the ‘kiss fest’ a slew of other protests are expected to take place near the venue. Leading Malayalam literary critic M Leelavathy and Kochi Mayor Tony Chammany are among the main participants expected to join a parallel protest event being organized by the Kerala Students’ Union, student wing of the Congress.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised last week by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
The attack came after a news channel owned by a political party carried a report on October 23 with visuals of “immoral activities” allegedly taking place at the establishment, showing young couples kissing and embracing.
(With PTI inputs)

China completes first return mission to moonChina completes first return mission to moon
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Nov 1:  
China today successfully completed its first return mission to the moon with its unmanned orbiter landing back on Earth, becoming only the third country in the world to do so after the former Soviet Union and the US accomplished the feat about 40 years ago.
In the latest step forward for its space programme, the test lunar orbiter landed in Siziwang Banner of China’s Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region early this morning over a week after it was launched to test its ability to go to the lunar orbit and return to Earth.
Search teams recovered the orbiter at the designated landing area, about 500 kilometres away from Beijing, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
The last documented mission of this kind was by the Soviet Union in the 1970s.
Launched on Friday last week, the orbiter traversed 840,000 kilometres on its eight-day mission and took some incredible pictures of the Earth and moon together, the report said.
The re-entry process began at around 6:13 a.m. (local time) with the orbiter approaching the Earth at a velocity of about 11.2 kilometres per second.
The high speed led to a lot of friction between the orbiter and air and high temperatures on the craft’s exterior, generating an ion sheath that cut off contact between ground command and the orbiter.
To help it slow down, the craft is designed to “bounce” off the edge of the atmosphere, before re-entering again.
The process has been compared to a stone skipping across water and can shorten the “braking distance” for the orbiter, said Zhou Jianliang, chief engineer with the Beijing Aerospace Command and Control Centre.
“Really, this is like braking a car. The faster you drive, the longer the distance you need to bring the car to a complete stop,” Zhou said.
The “bounce” was one of the biggest challenges of the mission because the craft must enter the atmosphere at a very precise angle.
An error of 0.2 degrees would have rendered the mission a failure, he said.
Test mission
Wu Yanhua, Vice-Director of China’s State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defence, said the successful test mission has gathered a lot of experimental data and laid a solid foundation for future missions.
The eight-day programme is a test run for the final chapter of China’s three-step — orbiting, landing and finally returning — lunar programme.
The orbiter obtained data and validating re-entry technology such as the heat shield and trajectory design for a future landing on the moon by Chang’e-5 to be launched around 2017.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Fifteen stocks in focus in Monday morning tradeFifteen stocks in focus in Monday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 08.02AM IST
Tags:
Cairn India Ltd
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade higher on Monday tracking positive trend seen in other Asian markets.
"Nifty closed at all-time high at 8322. Nifty future closed at a premium of 33 points indicating long carry forward. In October expiry, both derivative volume and open interest has increased indicating more participation," SMC Capital Ltd.
"Nifty is expected to remain in the range of 8200-8400 levels this week with positive bias. The options concentration continues to be at 8000-strike put option with an open interest of above 50 lakh shares," added the report. This is followed by the 8400-strike call option with above 30 lakh shares.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Union Bank of India: State-run Union Bank of India said its net profit rose 78 per cent to Rs 371 crore in the three months to September, driven by lower provisioning and income tax write-back.
IOC, HPCL, BPCL: Petrol is cheaper by Rs 2.41 per litre from Saturday and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre which is its first price reduction by state-run retailers after the government allowed them to align its pump prices with the international oil market.
IGL: Indraprastha Gas Ltd, the sole retailer of CNG in Delhi, today said it is not revising rates despite input cost going up.
Cairn India Ltd: Cairn India said it has started to inject polymer into wells to raise output from its largest oil field in the prolific Rajasthan block, Mangala.
Godrej Consumer Products Ltd: The maker of Cinthol soap and Good Knight mosquito repellent, said fiscal second quarter stand-alone profit rose 21.7%, in line with analyst estimates.
DCB: Having got promoters' shareholding down to 16.4 per cent following a Rs 250-crore QIP issue, private-sector DCB Bank has said it will be approaching the Reserve Bank again seeking more time to bring it further to the mandated 10 per cent
Ranbaxy Laboratories: The drug firm on Friday said Luxembourg Stock Exchange (LSE) will delist the company's Global Depository Receipts programme with effect from December 15.
Tata Chemicals Ltd: State-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has reduced its stake in Tata Chemicals by over two per cent by selling 52.87 lakh shares in the open market.
Godrej Properties Ltd: Real estate private equity firm Milestone Capital Advisors has sold its entire stake in Godrej Properties residential project Godrej Prakriti in Kolkata for Rs 200 crore. The exit is valued at 2.3 times of the fund's earlier investment that was made five years ago, said two persons familiar with the development.
Infosys Ltd: Software giant Infosys has pulled out of its proposed software development centre at an information technology park near the Bengaluru international airport.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: Country's largest car-maker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) on Saturday reported a 1.1 percent decline in total sales in October at 1,03,973 units as against 1,05,087 units in the same month last year.
M&M Ltd: Auto major Mahindra & Mahindra today reported a 15.39 per cent decline in total sales at 42,776 units in October. It had sold 50,558 units in the same month last year, the company said in a statement.
TVS Motor Company: The two-wheeler maker reported a 22 per cent increase in its total sales at 2,41,044 units in October 2014. The Chennai-based company had sold 1,97,905 units in the same month last year, TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Milestone Cap exits Godrej Properties Kolkata projectYou are here: Home > Collections
Milestone Capital Advisors exits Godrej Properties Kolkata project for Rs 200 crore
ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 05.04AM IST
Tags:
Godrej Properties
(As part of the initial investment…)
MUMBAI: Real estate private equity firm Milestone Capital Advisors has sold its entire stake in Godrej Properties residential project Godrej Prakriti in Kolkata for Rs 200 crore. The exit is valued at 2.3 times of the fund's earlier investment that was made five years ago, said two persons familiar with the development.
As part of the initial investment agreement, Milestone Capital had committed to invest Rs 110 crore for a 49% stake in the project in October 2009, just before the developer's initial public offering for Rs 500 crore in December 2009. However, the fund invested Rs 84 crore in the 3-million-squarefeet project of Godrej Group's real estate development arm.
This was one of the private equity firm's earliest investments through two if its development funds — Milestone Domestic Scheme I & II. "Around 2/3rd of the project, or 2 million square feet, has been completed and part of it has also been handed over to the customers...Another private equity fund has picked up Milestone's stake in this secondary transaction," said one of the persons mentioned above.
Milestone Capital confirmed the exit while adding the fund is in talks to invest in some more projects of Godrej Properties, but declined to name the buyer.
"To continue and build on this relationship, we are in discussions for further investments in other projects of Godrej Properties from our new as well as forthcoming funds. Also, we are well on track to raise our 10th fund, Milestone Opportunities Fund 10, which is also modelled on a similar structured debt format, albeit having a much shorter tenure of 3.5 years," said Rubi Arya, vice chairman & director, Milestone Capital Advisors. Godrej Properties declined to comment for the story, citing silent period ahead of its quarterly earnings on Thursday.
The project is an integrated residential community development spread over 23 acres on Barrackpore Trunk Road in Sodepur close to Rajarhat, the upcoming IT/ITeS hub in Kolkata.
Milestone has so far raised approximatelyRs 1,350 crore through its development funds.
The fund's investments are spread across 22 million square feet of commercial and residential properties, including affordable housing, premium residential, integrated townships, commercial offices, logistics and warehousing.
Through its development funds, Milestone had earlier exited from Platina, a mixed use commercial project in Hyderabad's Gachibowli at an investment multiple of 1.53 times, and Belfort, a senior living project in Pondicherry, at an investment multiple of 1.83 times.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brittany Maynard  right-to-die advocate  kills selfUber cab rape case: Police conduct raids in UP, no background check on driver
Police are now on the lookout in UP for the radio cab driver who allegedly raped a woman executive in Delhi. Several police teams are conducting raids in different parts of the state, especially in  Mainpuri, because the suspect was a resident of this area. Poll | Why do such crimes continue despite public outrage?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is chairing a meeting of chief ministers in Delhi to discuss various aspects relating to restructuring of the Planning Commission.
Black Money Probe
Come with proof, not for 'fishing expedition': Switzerland tells India
As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.

S P Capital Financing standalone net profit declines 14.29% in the September 2014 quarterS P Capital Financing standalone net profit declines 14.29% in the September 2014 quarter
Japan firm begins productionJapan firm begins production
Asian Shares Flat on China DataAsian Shares Flat on China Data
China October manufacturing at tepid three-month high: HSBCChina October manufacturing at tepid three-month high: HSBC
Sensex hits all-time high; tech  metals  banks gainBSE
(“Some profit taking could…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex extended its winning streak for fifth straight session and hit fresh all-time high led by gains in technology, metals, banks and FMCG sectors.
"After another cracker of a rally, the indices will aim at a new high before temporarily settling down. This week being truncated may see investors adopt a more cautious approach," said IIFL report.
"Some profit taking could set in later in the day. While indices are at new highs, it is not a rosy picture all around," the report added.
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,862.21, down -3.62 points or 0.01 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 27,969.82 and an intraday low of 27,845.73 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8,329.30, up 7.10 points or 0.09 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 8,350.60 and an intraday low of 8,321.65 in early trade.
The S&P BS Midcap Index was up 0.41 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.49 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

M&M slips on poor monthly salesM&M slips on poor monthly sales
FPIs Pull Out Rs.1 200 Crore From Equities In OctoberFPIs Pull Out Rs.1 200 Crore From Equities In October
Bhel secures contract for supply of ESP package from NTPCBhel secures contract for supply of ESP package from NTPC
Bank of India forms wholly owned subsidiaryBank of India forms wholly owned subsidiary
Delays in Approval Stall Rs 9 L cr of Construction Projects Till June 30Delays in Approval Stall Rs 9 L cr of Construction Projects Till June 30
Asian markets gain in early tradeAsian markets gain in early trade
BSE Sensex hits record high  tech stocks surgeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex jumps 500 pts on US growth  BOJ easingUpdate: BSE Sensex surges over 519 points on US growth, Japan stimulus
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 17:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock markets on Friday galloped to new highs with Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) benchmark Sensex surging 519.50 points to 27,865.83 and Nifty soaring 153 points to cross the 8,300 mark tracking a strong global rally on robust US economic growth and a surprise ramping up of Japan's monetary easing programme.
Besides, continued inflows on solid corporate earnings and optimism over India's growth also helped markets boost investor wealth by nearly Rs 1.5 lakh crore in a single session. Six stocks rose for every 10 traded on BSE on Friday with capital goods, oil & gas, IT and power scrips leading rally.
The 30-share Sensex opened on a strong footing and rose to new intra-day record high of 27,894.32. It settled for the day at 27,865.83, a new record at closing, by gaining 519.50 points or 1.90 per cent. Its previous record closing high was 27,346.33 reached in yesterday's trade.
In four days, Sensex has gained over 1,100 points. For the week, it rose by over 1,000 points.
"Much-needed reforms from the new government, strong Q2 performance by India Inc, Fed's low-interest rate regime combined with Bank of Japan's sudden stimulus announcement, gave markets across a sentiment boost," said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
Sentiment was also boosted after the US released forecast-beating economic growth data on Thursday. The world's biggest economy grew 3.5 percent in the September quarter.
Of the 30-share Sensex, 29 scrips led by HDFC , GAIL, L&T, Tata Power, Tata Steel, Dr Reddy, Infosys, Cipla and Coal India gained. SBI, ONGC, RIL, Axis Bank and Sun Pharma also rose. However, Bharti Airtel finished lower.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty, comprising 50 shares, breached the 8,300-mark for the first time to hit a new lifetime high of 8,330.75. It also ended at fresh all-time high of 8,322.20, surging 153 points, or 1.87 per cent. Previously, it touched an intra-day record high of 8,181.55 yesterday.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 1,257.49 crore on Thursday.
Asia was led by Japan's Nikkei that surged 4.6 per cent while indices in Singapore, Hong Kong, Korea and China rose in 1-2 percent range. European also surged in late morning trade.
Sectorwide, the BSE Capital Goods index gained the most by rising 2.66 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas index by 2.19 per cent, IT index 1.96 per cent, Power index 1.94 per cent, Metal index 1.91 and Banking index 1.76 per cent.
Indicating strong revival of retail interest, midcap index gained 1.24 per cent higher and the small-cap barometer rose by 0.96 per cent.

IGL not to hike gas pricesIndraprastha Gas not to hike prices
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 15:04 IST
City gas distributor Indraprastha Gas Ltd (IGL) on Friday said it will not increase prices, although the government had announced a new price for domestic natural gas effective from Saturday.
"Despite the revision in domestic gas prices announced by the government with effect from Nov 1, IGL has decided not to revise the retail price of CNG and domestic PNG in the interest of its consumers in Delhi, Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad," said IGL Managing Director Narendra Kumar in a statement.

China s October factory growth hits 5-month lowChina's October factory growth hits five-month low
Koh Gui Qing     Beijing    Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 16:30 IST
A worker welds a wheel for tramcar inside a factory in Huaibei, Anhui province.
China's factory activity unexpectedly fell to a five-month low in October as firms fought slowing orders and rising costs in the cooling economy, reinforcing views that the country's growth outlook is hazy at best.
The official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) eased to 50.8 in October from September's 51.1, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Saturday, but above the 50-point level that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis.
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast a reading of 51.2.
Underscoring the challenges facing the world's second-largest economy, the PMI showed foreign and domestic demand slipped to five- and six-month lows, respectively, with overseas orders shrinking slightly on a monthly basis.
"There remains downward pressure on the economy, and monetary policy will remain easy," economists at China International Capital Corp said in a note to clients after the data.
Noting that inventory levels of unsold goods rose last month even as factories cut output levels and drew down on stocks of raw materials, the investment bank argued that the economy still faced tepid demand.
It has been a tough year for China's economy. Growth fell to 7.3 per cent in the third quarter, its lowest level since the 2008/09 global financial crisis, as the housing market sagged and domestic demand and investment flagged.
The cooldown, expected to be China's worst in 24 years this year according to a Reuters poll, came despite a flurry of government support measures.
Saturday's PMI suggested no imminent recovery in demand.
An index for new orders - a proxy for foreign and domestic demand - retreated to 51.6 in October from September's 52.2. New export orders edged down to 49.9 in October, pointing to a contraction, from 50.2 in September.
BETTER OFF BIG
The PMI followed warnings from China's industrial ministry on Friday that factories were under pressure from high borrowing costs, which were further exacerbating the sector's slowdown.
Like other economies around the world, smaller-sized companies in China are often ignored by banks when they need financing, forcing them to turn to pricier alternatives for funds.
More costly funding, up 13.5 percent in the first nine months of this year compared with a year ago, according to the government, adds to the burden of factories which are already battling shrinking profit margins.
Still, the PMI showed big Chinese factories were weathering the downturn better than their smaller counterparts, as banks prefer to lend to larger state-owned firms, assuming the government will bail them out to prevent any defaults.
Large manufacturers grew last month with their PMI little changed at 51.9, data showed, while business shrank for small- to medium-sized factories.
The PMI for mid-sized factories fell to 49.1 in October from September's 50, and the index for small manufacturers was little changed at 48.5.
"There is a need to carry out more quickly the policy measures related to 'stabilising growth'", said Chen Zhongtao, an official at the China Logistics Information Centre, which helps publishes the PMI.
Chen was referring to recent government announcements aimed at supporting the economy.
To encourage more growth, China has cut taxes, quickened some investment projects, lent short-term loans to banks, instructed local governments to spend their budgets and reduced the amount of deposits that some banks hold as reserves to spur lending.
It said on Friday that it would invest at least 200 billion yuan ($32.7 billion) on three new railway lines to move goods and passengers across the country.
But the raft of measures - which were issued over a space of a few months - have failed to sustain momentum in the economy, prompting authorities to take one of their most drastic policy actions this year by cutting mortgage rates in September.
And even lower mortgage rates have not revived the housing market as quickly as some had hoped.
Home prices in China dropped for a sixth consecutive month in October, a private survey showed on Friday, a trend that should continue to weigh on the Chinese economy, which derives about 15 percent of its growth from the real estate sector.
(1 US dollar = 6.1124 Chinese yuan)

ITC Q2 net profit at Rs 2 425.16 crITC Q2 net profit at Rs 2,425.16 cr
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 18:46 IST
Robust growth in the FMCG sector helped ITC post net profit of  Rs 2,425.16 crore for the second quarter on Friday as against Rs 2,230.53 crore in July-September of FY14. Standalone total income was Rs 9,023.74 crore compared to Rs 7,862.53 crore in Q2 FY14, the company said in a statement.
The overall FMCG segment has posted a revenue of Rs 6,446.97 crore during the quarter while it stood at Rs 5,686.03 crore in the year-ago period. ITC said results are not comparable due to the demerger of non-engineering business of its arm Wimco and subsequent merger with itself.
ITC said it posted another quarter of impressive growth notwithstanding a challenging business environment exacerbated by a steep hike in excise duties on cigarettes for the third year in succession as announced in the Union Budget 2014.
Revenue from the cigarettes business was at Rs 4,250.86 crore as against Rs 3,723.81 crore in Q2 FY14.
 

Amazon  Walmart and others launch Black Friday a month earlyAmazon, Walmart and others launch Black Friday a month early
Amazon, Walmart and others launch Black Friday a month early
Retailers are getting aggressive with their holiday deals -- the annual shopping season is set to begin a month ahead of its traditional opening this year.
Retailers are getting aggressive with their holiday deals -- the annual shopping season is set to begin a month ahead of its traditional opening this year.

8 convicted for alleged same-sex wedding in EgyptAn Egyptian court convicted eight men for "inciting debauchery" after appearing in an alleged same-sex wedding.
By: Associated Press | Cairo | Posted: November 2, 2014 1:55 am
An Egyptian court on Saturday convicted eight men for “inciting debauchery” following their appearance in an alleged same-sex wedding party on a Nile boat, sentencing each of them to three years in prison.
The Internet video shows two men exchanging rings and embracing among cheering friends. The eight were detained in September when a statement from the office of Egypt’s chief prosecutor said the video clip was “shameful to God” and “offensive to public morals.”
Egypt is a conservative majority Muslim country with a sizable minority of Christians. Homosexuality is a social taboo for both communities and only in recent years have fiction and movies included gay characters. Consensual same-sex relations are not explicitly prohibited, but other laws have been used to imprison gay men in recent years, including “debauchery” or “shameless public acts.” Same-sex marriage is unheard of in Egypt.
The verdict was received with protesting screams by relatives waiting outside the Cairo courthouse court. Some of them broke down and cried while others protested that medical examinations carried out by state doctors showed the defendants were not gay.
While inside the defendants’ cage for the hearing, the eight buried their heads in their hands or hid their faces under baseball caps. They covered their faces with pieces of cloth or paper when they were led by police out of the cage after they heard the verdict.
The verdict is the latest in a crackdown by authorities against gays and atheists. The campaign also targets liberal and pro-democracy activists and violators of a draconian law on street protests.
New York-based Human Rights Watch said in September that Egyptian authorities have repeatedly arrested and tortured men suspected of consensual gay conduct.
HRW condemned Saturday’s convictions as part of a widening campaign of intolerance in Egyptian government and society.
“Egypt’s government, evidently not satisfied jailing opposition members, students, and human rights activists, has found the time to prosecute (gays),” said Graeme Reid, HRW’s lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender rights director, in a statement. Reid called the sentencing “the latest signal that the new government will prosecute anyone to try to bolster its support.”
In April, four men were convicted and sentenced to eight years in prison for “debauchery” after allegedly holding parties that involved homosexual acts and where women’s clothing and makeup were found.
In 2001, Egypt made headlines around the world when 52 men were arrested in a police raid on a Nile boat restaurant and accused of taking part in a gay sex party. After a highly publicized trial in an emergency state security court, 23 of the men were convicted and sentenced to prison terms of one to five years for immoral behavior and contempt of religion.
Egypt’s crackdown on gays and atheists is taking place as the country of nearly 90 million people appears to be continued…

Fadnavis should focus on improving Mumbai s aging infraYou are here: Home > Collections > Infrastructure
Maharashtra's new CM Devendra Fadnavis should focus on improving Mumbai's ageing infrastructure
TV Mahalingam, ET Bureau Nov 2, 2014, 04.53AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Experts say putting public…)
Mumbai has been flattered only to be deceived before. Not once, but several times. In November 2006, after a meeting with Chinese premier Hu Jintao, the then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh declared his intention to make Mumbai a sparkling financial hub like Shanghai. Almost eight years later, Mumbai is, well, like Mumbai — a thriving financial hub with ageing infrastructure.
That's not to say that nothing has changed. In the past two years, a slew of infrastructure projects was commissioned in the city. Mumbai got a monorail, a Metro line, a bunch of flyovers, a serpentine freeway which connects the eastern suburbs, a new airport terminal, to name a few projects. But, the problem is that this simply isn't enough.
For instance, Mumbai managed to build 11.4 km of Metro line in six years while Delhi adds more length of Metro track than that in a year. Most of these projects were also delayed.
Simply put, Mumbai's infrastructure has struggled to stay apace with its growth or its citizen's aspirations. But a new government led by a "clean" 44-year old chief minister Devendra Fadnavis — who was sworn in on Friday — is raising some hope about the city's future. One thing most people expect to happen is a boost to the city's infrastructure.
High Hopes
"There is a majority BJP-led government in Delhi and now with a strong BJP government in Mumbai, we are hoping that things will move as the pressures of coalition politics will reduce," says Narinder Nayar, chairman of Bombay First, a body working with the Maharashtra government and local bodies to better the city's cause. There have been some auspicious signs already.
The Centre has shown intent to open up large, unused parcels of prime land held by the Mumbai Port Trust, a longstanding demand of planners who believe the land if used productively would change the very landscape of the city. The Mumbai Port Trust is sitting on 1,800 acres, large portions of which are unutilized.
"We can have affordable housing, a marina, a seaport, a convention centre. The possibilities are limitless. The first thing we need to do is to draw up an economic plan for the redevelopment of the area," says Nayar, who is a part of the panel set up by the government to look into the Port Trust Land redevelopment. So, what should the government's focus be? A good place to start would be change the way the state approaches urban planning. "Planning has to be more ground up.
There is talk of building flyovers and coastal roads. Basically, the focus has been around building large infrastructure projects," says Milind Mhaske, director of Praja Foundation, a Mumbai-based NGO working on city-related civic issues.
  Focus On Common Man
"The focus should be on providing better footpaths and improving public transport like implementing a BRTS [Bus Rapid Transit System] network and improving the railway network rather than focusing on coastal roads which will benefit the car users who form a very small part of the city's population," adds Mhaske. He also believes that the free port trust land should be used to provide affordable housing stock in the city. Almost half of Mumbai's population lives in slums.
That line of thinking — putting public transportation over big, expensive flyovers and coastal roads — seems to be gaining currency. Gulam Zia, executive director of real estate consultancy Knight Frank, picks three things the government should look at on a priority basis. "One, fix public transport. Be it an elevated railway corridor or commissioning the next two lines of the Metro at the earliest...will be crucial," he adds.
The second priority should be to put traffic regulations in place. "There has been talk of increasing fines for rash driving etc but these things need to be implemented," says Zia. The third priority should be improving connectivity on the western suburbs of the city, now that the eastern connectivity has improved.
Mumbai's grand plans for infrastructure development have been scuttled in the past, largely due to one missing link: political will. "When the Andhra Pradesh government decided to widen roads in Hyderabad, they started by demolishing the bungalows of the rich and famous in the posh locality, Banjara Hills," says Zia.
In contrast, a flyover planned over the posh area of Peddar Road has been long delayed because of objections from South Mumbai cityslickers. "The government can make a case that it's serious about infrastructure development by starting there," adds Zia, who also believes that the port trust land is a great opportunity for creating affordable housing stock.
Mumbai's obstacles to infrastructure are well chronicled: 17 agencies that handle infrastructure development, the lack of political leadership and a failure of urban planning. In an interview with ToI after being sworn in as Maharashtra CM, Fadnavis said fixing the transportation system and the affordable housing problem were among his priorities. Can he deliver?
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis reviews status of key departmentsYou are here: Home > Collections
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis reviews status of key departments
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 06.22PM IST
Tags:
Devendra Fadnavis
(The Chief Minister reviewed…)
MUMBAI: A day after taking charge as the 27th Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Devendra Fadnavis today got down to the job, reviewing the status of key departments.
Fadnavis chaired a meeting of the state Cabinet at the government's Sahyadri guest house in south Mumbai.
The Chief Minister reviewed presentations of finance, agriculture, home and energy departments.
The secretaries of the concerned departments explained the status of projects of these departments.
The meeting began at 11 am and the presentations went on for about five hours, an official said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena seeks key posts in Maharashtra governmentYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Shiv Sena seeks key posts in Maharashtra government
Krishna Kumar, ET Bureau Nov 2, 2014, 07.16AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(The Shiv Sena has set…)
MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena has set its sights on the post of deputy chief minister and the key portfolios of home, energy, housing, PWD and roads for its MLAs as it negotiates for four cabinet ministers and six ministers of state in the Devendra Fadnavis government in Maharashtra .
The problem is the BJP is playing tough, as it believes that the Sena is in no position to bargain. Sena president Uddhav Thackeray sent a message to the BJP on Friday that if no deal was struck before the swearing-in, the party will announce it will sit in opposition and name its MLA who would represent the party as the opposition leader in the Assembly. The threat seems to have worked and the BJP has now opened a channel of communication with the Sena.
The negotiations are not going to be easy as there is a clamour for the home and energy portfolios within the BJP as well. Sources in the BJP said leaders such as Vinod Tawde , Sudhir Mungantiwar and Eknath Khadse were vying for the home portfolio.
The Sena is insisting that as they have half the number of seats (63) as the BJP (121), the distribution of ministries too should be on the same basis — a Sena minister for every two BJP ministers.
If there is agreement, the BJP will have around 20 ministers and the Sena around 10. The BJP would allot two ministerial berths for allies like the Rashtriya Samaj Paksha and RPI (A). The BJP is said to be keen on a leaner cabinet; so the total number of ministers is likely to stay within 33. Sena leaders said the party is batting for the home portfolio.
"While we are also looking at the deputy chief minister's post, we are clear that we want the home portfolio because that is as good as the deputy chief minister's post," said a Sena leader.
Still, discussions between the two parties are not expected to yield a breakthrough in at least the next two days. Sena and BJP leaders said talks would be completed only by November 10, when the Fadnavis government braces for its first Assembly session, during which it would have to prove its majority.
FEATURED ARTICLES

10 items to banish from your rsum10 Items to Banish From Your Résumé
By Alison Green | U.S.News & World Report LP –  Wed 15 Oct, 2014 11:22 PM IST
Thinkstock
>
What you don't include on your résumé can be as important as what you do include.
There are some things that make a résumé look unprofessional, outdated or distracting to hiring managers , who have only moments to scan the document. Make sure hiring managers see only information that strengthens, rather than weakens, your candidacy. Here are 10 things you should always leave off your résumé:
An objective
Résumé objectives never help and often hurt. Not only do they feel antiquated, but they're all about what you want, rather than what this stage of the hiring process is all about -- what the employer wants. Your résumé should be about showing your experience, skills and accomplishments. If you want to talk about how this particular position is the perfect next step in your career, use the cover letter for that.
Short-term jobs
Short-term jobs raise red flags for hiring managers. They'll wonder if you were fired , couldn't do the work or had trouble getting along with co-workers. Plus, it's unlikely that a few months on a job will show any real accomplishments or advancement. One exception to this rule is if the job was short because it was designed that way, such as contract or political campaign work. Those won't raise the sorts of questions above, because you'll have an explanation that doesn't reflect on you poorly.
A functional format
Many employers hate functional résumés, which list skills and abilities without including a chronological job history. These types of résumés easily mask limited work experience or significant work gaps and make it difficult to understand a candidate's career progression. For most hiring managers, functional résumés are an immediate red flag that you might be hiding something.
Your photo
Unless you're applying for a job as a model or actor, photos of yourself have no place on your résumé. Your appearance has nothing to do with your ability to do the job, so including a photo comes across as naive and unprofessional.
A fancy design
Here's what most hiring managers think upon seeing a résumé with an unusual design or gaudy color scheme: Does this candidate think his or her skills and achievements won't speak for themselves? Does this person not understand what employers are looking for ? Does he or she put an inappropriate emphasis on appearances over substance? (The obvious exception to this rule is if you're applying for design jobs.)
Subjective descriptions
Your résumé is for experience and accomplishments only. It's not the place for subjective traits, such as "great leadership skills" or "creative innovator." Smart employers ignore anything subjective that applicants write about themselves, because so many people's self-assessments are wildly inaccurate. Your résumé should stick to objective facts.
Any mention of high school
If you're more than a few years past your high school graduation date, employers don't care which high school you attended or how much you accomplished while you were there. Keep any mention of high school off your résumé.
Extra pages
If you're in your 20s, your résumé should only be one page; there's not enough experience to justify a second one. If you're older, two pages are fine, but you go over that limit at your own peril. Hiring managers may initially spend only 20 or 30 seconds on your application, so extra pages are either ignored or they dilute the impact of the others. Your résumé should be for highlights, not extensive detail.
Your salary
Résumés don't typically include a salary history, so candidates who include it come across as naive. And by sharing that information unbidden, you'll compromise your negotiating power later.
Any mention of references
Yes, that includes "references are available upon request." You don't need to say you'll provide references if asked, because that goes without saying. You're not causing any harm by including that somewhat-dated statement, but it takes up space you could use for something else.

 Finance Ministry to Start Budgetary Exercise on MondayYou are here: Home Economy
Finance Ministry to Start Budgetary Exercise on Monday
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 02, 2014 20:12 (IST)
Bank of America Sees 0.25% Rate Cut by RBI in February
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry will start the budgetary exercise on Monday, November 3, with the Expenditure Secretary meeting various ministries starting with Law and Justice and Information & Broadcasting.
The ministry will finalise the revised estimates for 2014-15 and Budget Estimates for 2015-16 for Plan and non-Plan expenses.
The meetings with various ministries will go on till December 12, according to an office notice. They will delve on the performance of past programmes and schemes to check actual performance against the estimates or targets.
The departments would be required to give projected physical outcome during 2015-16 and 2016-17 and financial resources required for that.
The meetings will also discuss "any new expenditure commitments arising out of the policy change, and disbursal and availability of funds at various tiers of scheme implementation", the notice said.
As the BJP-led NDA came to power in May, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will present his first full Budget in February for the next financial year - April 1, 2015 to March 31, 2016.
The Plan expenditure is government spending on social sector schemes such as Bharat Nirman, rural employment guarantee scheme and National Rural Health Mission. Besides, it includes Centre's assistance to various states and Union Territories Plans.
The non-Plan expenditure deals with outlay on subsidies, interest payment, salary, among others.
For the current fiscal year, the government has proposed a Plan expenditure of Rs 5.75 lakh crore. The non-Plan expenditure is at over Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Total budgeted expenditure estimates, including Plan and non-Plan stand at Rs 17,94,892 crore, higher than the revised estimates for 2013-14 at Rs 15,90,434 crore.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 19:34 (IST)

Modi wants to take the BPO success story to the hinterlandsModi wants to take the BPO success story to the hinterlands
S Ronendra Singh
To meet top IT Ministry officials on November 5
New Delhi, November 2:  
After unleashing the ‘Make in India’ campaign for promoting hardware manufacturing, the Government is now gearing up to formulate policies that would give a fillip to the software and business process outsourcing (BPO) industry in the country.
The primary objective will be to project India as an attractive destination for software product development and to take the success of the BPO industry to tier-II and III cities.
While software product development is negligible in the country as of now, the BPO industry has mainly proliferated in the tier-I cities. Here too India is fast losing its cost advantage to countries such as Vietnam and the Philippines.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has therefore asked IT and Communications Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad to prepare an action plan to take the BPO industry beyond the top 10 cities.
STPI push
“The Prime Minister has asked for expansion plans of IT-BPM sector in the smaller towns. This could be done by expanding the Software Technology Parks of India (STPI) so that local people can get jobs,” an IT Ministry source told BusinessLine.
The sources added that Modi has called for a meeting of top officials at IT Ministry on November 5 to discuss the plan of action.
Incubator infra
As part of this, the IT Ministry is looking at expanding the incubator infrastructure for start-up firms offered by the STPI from four lakh sq ft at present to 10 lakh sq ft. It would also start a ‘trade net portal’, which would provide B2B services to the IT industry. The plan also includes consolidation of STPI’s internal IT services, creation of national productivity network for ICT induction in medium and small enterprises and establishment of an ‘Electropreneur Park’ jointly by Government, academia and industry associations.
The IT-BPM industry is one of the largest contributors to the country’s gross domestic product with a share of 8.1 per cent last year and garnered $86 billion in terms of revenue exports. It has given direct employment to 3.1 million people and 10 million as indirect employment.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Black money: unauthorised disclosure can sabotage probe  says JaitleyBlack money: unauthorised disclosure can sabotage probe, says Jaitley
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, November 2:  
On the day Prime Minister Narendra Modi assured the country that his Government aims to bring back each penny of black money, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said unauthorised disclosure of foreign account holders’ names could sabotage probe and benefit the guilty.
In a Facebook post a few hours after the Prime Minister’s radio broadcast on Sunday, Jaitley wrote “unauthorised disclosure of information is fraught with both investigation and economic consequences…. They can attract sanctions in the form of withholding taxes.”
He said India had to take a “conscious call. Does it want to be a part of the global coalition which is moving in the direction of automatic sharing of information or not?” Questioning those, including the Congress, demanding disclosure of names in violation of tax treaties, Jaitley wrote: “The Congress Party’s stand is understandable. It does not want evidence to be forthcoming in support of the names available with SIT (special investigation team). Are some others ill informed, just indulging in bravado or are they Trojan horses?”
He said the confidentiality clauses made it incumbent that disclosure would be made only after prosecution is filed before a charging court.
“Thus the issue is not whether but when disclosure can be made. The debate is not between disclosure and non-disclosure of confidential information. It is between unauthorised disclosure in violation of tax treaties and disclosure as per tax treaties.”
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Microsoft offers tech for last-mile net conn...Microsoft eyes important role in Digital India mission, aims to widen Internet reach in rural areas
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 03.13AM IST
Tags:
Digital India
(The US software giant has…)
NEW DELHI: After Facebook, Microsoft now wants to play a big role in taking the 'last mile' of broadband connections to remote and inaccessible parts of India and providing access to high-speed Internet .
The US software giant, headed by Hyderabad-born Satya Nadella , has proposed to the telecom department the deployment of its TV White-Space technology for a pilot project in Bangalore.
The radio interface developed by Microsoft functions like Wi-Fi on a bigger scale. It provides wireless connectivity across a 10 km radius, a much larger area than the typical routers set up for commercial use today, and speeds of up to 16 Mbps, eight times faster than what is generally available in most parts of India.
Experts say this technology has been successfully implemented in the US and in Singapore and is being tested in Kenya, Tanzania, South Africa and the Philippines, among others.
Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft has discussed the matter with the Wireless Planning & Coordination wing of the telecom department to which it submitted the proposal four weeks ago. The idea is to provide cost-effective connectivity, the company's India chairman Bhaskar Pramanik told ET.
The TV WhiteSpace technology works on chunks of unused spectrum available in broadcasting bands in the lower frequencies from 200 MHz to 700 MHz. Microsoft is running pilots in Africa and a handful of developed markets using the 'gap' between airwaves used by multiple broadcasters.
As part of Microsoft's efforts to provide digital infrastructure in India, CEO Nadella, during his visit to India last month, announced that the company would also set up three data centres in the country by December 2015. These data centres will enable access to customers in banking and financial services as well as the central and state governments.
Many such services are currently legally restrained as they require data to be hosted within the country.
The company hopes to partner the government in new initiatives such as Smart Cities and the Jan Dhan Yojana, apart from Digital India, which offer significant opportunity for hosting data and cloud services.
The company's proposal comes in the light of Nadella's comments that the major was keen to partner with the Indian government and industry at large to help make the ambitious Digital India vision a reality. The Centre's Rs 1.13 lakh-crore Digital India initiative envisages delivering e-services such as health and education to every nook and corner of the country over broadband.
The US giant becomes the latest global player that wants to collaborate with the government in itsRs 20,100-crore national broadband project aimed at connecting 2.5 lakh village panchayats through highspeed broadband by 2017. This broadband project — the National Optic Fibre Network — is positioned to form the backbone of the Digital India programme.
Reaching homes, schools, hospitals and other institutions may require wireless technology, especially in hard-to-reach areas. This is where the technology giants such as Facebook and Microsoft sniff an opportunity to deploy their respective technologies."I believe TV White-Space can be the affordable answer to last-mile connectivity challenges in India, especially for remote areas that lack electricity and other infrastructure," Pramanik said. It costs less than Rs 10 lakh to install a WhiteSpace technology router.
For India, Microsoft would make use of as much as 19 per cent of spectrum unused by Doordarshan , the national TV broadcaster, in the sub giga-Hertz band. The technology globally uses gaps between airwaves that are untouched by broadcasters to avoid interference or disturbance between transmissions, according to an expert, who asked not to be identified.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, who visited India soon after Nadella, reportedly had expressed the company's desire to deploy alternative technology to provide last-mile connectivity to the national broadband project.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rain Tamps Down Smoke From Hawaii LavaThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Three Pak Taliban factions claimhandPrint
Posted: November 3, 2014 5:37 am
A splinter group of the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), it said the attack was a reaction to military operation Zarb-i-Azb. Jundallah (meaning ‘Soldiers of Allah’) is affiliated to al-Qaeda and was behind the killing of at least 78 Christians at a church in Peshawar in September last year, apart from a bid on the life of Maulana Fazlur Rehman, a part of the Pakistani ruling coalition, on October 23.
The Zarb-i-Azb operation was launched by Pakistani armed forces in north Waziristan against militant groups in June.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar group: A faction that broke away from the main TTP in September, it claimed one of its men carried out the Wagah attack, in retaliation for the killings in North Waziristan. Its spokesman said the attack was part of their war against the government and their attempt to enforce their version of Islamic law.
The Jamaat-ul-Ahrar (freedom fighters group) was set up by half-a-dozen militant commanders who previously worked for the TTP but were expelled for “interfering in internal affairs of the Afghan Taliban”. It is headed by Omar Khalid Khorasani, who earlier this year claimed killing of 23 Pakistani paramilitaries held since 2010.
Mehsud group: Also a faction of the TTP, it is loyal to Hakimullah Mehsud. It said the attack was carried out to avenge Mehsud’s killing in a US drone strike last year.
The Mehsud group, under the leadership of Ameer Khalid Mehsud, separated from the central TTP earlier this year, saying the TTP was involved in kidnapping for ransom, extortion and blasts at public places while they only supported action against oppressors.
The Pakistani Taliban have been riven with rift since Maulana Fazlullah was elected head last November following the killing of Hakimullah Mehsud. Fazlullah, nicknamed “Radio Mullah”, was the de facto ruler of Pakistan’s Swat valley from 2007 to 2009, using his station to announce who his fighters would execute the next day.
The loosely aligned groups that now form TTP frequently share personnel, tactics and agendas and claims for specific incidents are often hard to verify.
Jundallah and Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, however, both consider Afghan Taliban chief Mullah Muhammad Omar their supreme leader. The Pakistani Taliban have always considered Mullah Omar their leader; though the Afghan Taliban have never formally owned them.

Expect a 3-4 year bull run with 20-25% returns: Jim WalkerCLSA
(Indian stocks may see a repeat…)
MUMBAI: Indian stocks may see a repeat of the 2004-07 bull run in the coming years based on improved political fundamentals, said Jim Walker , former chief economist, CLSA , and the founder of Asianomics.
But he was critical of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan and said it was time interest rates were cut "aggressively".
"I worry about the new governor's fixation with inflation accounting. Like his Western counterparts he is mixing up consumer prices with true inflation, which is money and credit in the system," Walker said in an interview. "The deceleration in money and credit aggregates over the last three years has ensured that CPI (consumer price index) and WPI (wholesale price index) will not be a problem in the near term, i.e. the next two-three years. It is time to start cutting rates aggressively."
Walker was among the first to initiate a 'buy' call on India in 2013 when valuations were low. Since then, stocks have surged with the Narendra Modi-led BJP having come to power with a strong majority. The upside will persist, he said.
"As CPI inflation comes under control fast, falling interest rates in 2015 will fuel the bull market," he said. "We would certainly be looking at a three-four year bull run in the BSE 500 before it becomes a bit more mature and therefore more difficult to make headway. We would be happy with 20-25% returns over the next two years at least."
But he doesn't see Europe or Japan filling the vacuum as the US ends its bond-buying programme.
"Europeans and Japanese will not make up for US QE (quantitative easing) in the same way, however," he said. "In both of these regions, the preference is to buy bonds over equities . The QE from these places will be searching for fixed-income yield rather than equity performance. Indian sovereigns would be a major beneficiary if the market were open." He's looking at specific sectors in terms of investment, depending on the time horizon.
"In the next 6-12 months, we would still be wanting to buy industrial cyclicals and capital goods companies with a view to holding them. On a two-three year basis, it would be banks and infrastructure companies."
As for the country's economic prospects, he sees a turnaround after a prolonged slump that saw growth hit decadal lows and was below 5% in the last two years. "I am still very optimistic about India. The real economy has just bottomed out and is only now showing signs of reviving. I expect this to be a 5-10 year upswing. We are not basing this view on a revolutionary approach from the government: just more efficient decision making, streamlining bureaucratic procedures and focusing on growth-oriented policies. Indian companies' ability to make money will do the rest."
A revival in growth and other factors will mean more overseas flows coming India's way, he said. "Next year, even if US rates rise, Indian rates will be falling," he said. "This will attract capital to a growing, recovering economy. And the capital attraction will be real and long term in order to position in a growing economy where earnings are accelerating." He doesn't expect much by way of currency fluctuations.
"The rupee will move in the range 61-63 (to the dollar ). We do prefer to look at the real effective exchange rate rather than the rupee-dollar but on that basis the rupee is undervalued at the moment," he said. "This means that, even if Indian inflation is slightly faster than that in the US, the rupee should be relatively stable in nominal terms." When it comes to the approach of the central bank, Walker was full of praise for one of Rajan's predecessors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mumbai s dream of being an international financial centre may soon be a realityMumbai's dream of becoming an international financial centre may soon be a reality
By MC Govardhana Rangan & Rohit Chandavarkar, ET Bureau | 3 Nov, 2014, 07.02AM IST
Maharashtra’s new chief minister, Devendra Fadnavis, wants to have 10 more business districts similar to the Bandra-Kurla Complex in Mumbai.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: A young chief minister with a management degree, a prime minister who wants to make India noticed on the global stage and a regulator who knows international finance like the back of his hand. This could be just the right combination to make Mumbai's dreams of becoming an international financial centre (IFC) a reality, although sceptics abound.
Maharashtra's new chief minister, Devendra Fadnavis , wants to have 10 more business districts similar to the Bandra-Kurla Complex in Mumbai, besides building highways and railways like those in Japan (or China) and elevated corridors to cut through congestion. All this may breathe new life into the seven-yearold plan to make Mumbai a global centre for financial services.
Other centres in Asia may be losing their shine—Dubai is surrounded by geopolitical chaos and Singapore is apparently turning less attractive to expatriate workers due to slowing economic growth—marking an opportunity for Mumbai to aspire to that regional position.
"If Dubai could do it in a few years, why can't India?" said Arundhati Bhattacharya , chairman, State Bank of India . "There is no reason why we cannot do it. India has a lot of talent to do that. What we need is better infrastructure."
A committee headed by Percy Mistry made suggestions in 2007 on how to turn Mumbai into a financial centre but the credit crisis soon after dampened enthusiasm as global markets collapsed. With new incumbents— in the administration as well as the regulator—the idea is being revived.
London, New York, Hong Kong and Singapore are considered global financial centres as fund managers, wealth advisors and banks choose to base themselves there due to the ease with which they can move capital across the world, apart from physical infrastructure.
These cities also attract the best talent from across the globe due to stable regulatory and tax structures and the freedom to innovate.
In India, only Mumbai can possibly be such a base, but physical infrastructure and the regulatory structure have a long way to go.
"Mumbai offers a much better culture for financial services than other cities in the country," said Jaideep Khanna, country head at Barclays , a British bank. "It has a cosmopolitan culture. What Mumbai severely lacks is infrastructure. Singapore invested in infrastructure and created the conditions for people to live."
Mumbai has buildings at BKC and elsewhere that may meet global specifications but otherwise it's far removed from locations such as London's Canary Wharf business district. The Mumbai Metropolitan Region's population is the second highest in the world after Tokyo and the suburban population density is double that of New York, but residents need to negotiate narrow, crowded roads and suburban train travel times of up to four hours a day. The monsoon season brings added disruption.
NEW PRIORITIES
The new chief minister wants to speed up approvals for the industry. "The financial services will benefit if we give a single-window clearance for all the permissions they need from the state government in MMR region," Fadnavis said. "This will be another priority area for me."
Page 1 of 2

Pak bombing: Wagah suicide attack near India borderA Pakistani man comforted by others while mourning the death of a relative who was …
By Mubasher Bukhari
LAHORE Pakistan (Reuters) - At least 45 people were killed on Sunday when a suicide bomber blew himself up near the Pakistani-Indian border, police said, just after a daily ceremony when troops from both sides simultaneously lower the two nations' flags.
The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it was a response to the Pakistani army's actions against their positions in tribal areas straddling Pakistan's border with Afghanistan.
The suicide bombing took place in a car park on the Pakistani side at least 500 meters from the border with India. No Indian troops were hurt in the attack.
"I was sitting in my office near the border when I heard the blast. I rushed to the scene and saw scattered bodies, injured men, women and children and smashed cars," a Pakistani intelligence source told Reuters.
Pakistani police said they were investigating the attack and a doctor said up to 70 people had been wounded.
"The death toll increased to 45," the provincial police chief in the Pakistani city of Lahore told Reuters.
Hundreds of people visit the Wagah border crossing near the Pakistani city of Lahore every day to witness the flags of both countries being lowered just before sunset.
India and Pakistan have fought three wars and remain locked in a bitter conflict over the region of Kashmir, which both sides claim.
India accuses Pakistan of sponsoring jihadist groups in the region and encouraging them to make inroads into Indian territory to stage attacks against Indian forces, a charge Pakistan denies.
But the Taliban claim of responsibility suggested the suicide bombing had nothing to do with India.
"We claim the Lahore suicide attack," said a senior Pakistan Taliban commander, Gilamn Mehsud.
Ashok Kumar, inspector general of India's Border Security Force guarding Wagah, said the blast had taken place at around 6:15pm local time.
"Our side is safe. We are alert, have increased our security, we are in constant touch with district officials and state police," he said.
Any explosion on the India-Pakistan border is far more serious than a similar event on the Pakistan-Afghan border, another Indian security official said. He said there had not been any major attack in Pakistani Punjab in recent months.
(Writing by Maria Golovnina, additional reporting Frank Jack Daniel in New Delhi; Editing by Gareth Jones)
Recommend

HPCL to resume ops in Vizag refinery in 2-3 months: SourcesHPCL to resume full operations in Vizag refinery in 2-3 months, say sources
Nidhi Verma     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 10:38 IST
Photo: Reuters
State-owned oil and natural gas company Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL) expects to resume full operations at its 166,000 barrels per day Vizag refinery in two to three months, after it was severly affected by Hudhud cyclone, a company source told Reuters on Sunday.
The refinery is currently operating at 80-90 per cent of its capacity as its cooling towers were damaged by cyclone Hudhud last month.
"Both the cooling towers were badly affected by the cyclone. It will take us two to three months to get them back in full shape," said the source with knowledge of the matter.
The source declined to be identified as he is not authorised to talk to media.
(Reuters)

Sensex pare gains after record highs; top 15 stocks in focusSensex pares gains after hitting record highs; top fifteen stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
BPCL
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared gains after hitting fresh record high of 27,969.82 in trade on Monday, as investors preferred to book profits at higher levels. The fall in the index was led by losses in M&M, RIL, HDFC and HDFC Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also pared gains after hitting a fresh record high of 8350.60, weighed down by losses in autos, banks, consumer durable and oil & gas stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,804.21, down 61 points or 0.22 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 27,969.82 and an intraday low of 27,789.40 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8,305.30, down 16 points or 0.20 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 8,350.60 and an intraday low of 8,297.70 in early trade.
"Nifty closed at all-time high at 8322. Nifty future closed at a premium of 33 points indicating long carry forward. In October expiry, both derivative volume and open interest has increased indicating more participation," SMC Capital Ltd.
"Nifty is expected to remain in the range of 8200-8400 levels this week with positive bias. The options concentration continues to be at 8000-strike put option with an open interest of above 50 lakh shares," added the report. This is followed by the 8400-strike call option with above 30 lakh shares.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
Union Bank of India: State-run Union Bank of India said its net profit rose 78 per cent to Rs 371 crore in the three months to September, driven by lower provisioning and income tax write-back.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 225.90.
IOC, HPCL, BPCL: Petrol is cheaper by Rs 2.41 per litre from Saturday and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre which is its first price reduction by state-run retailers after the government allowed them to align its pump prices with the international oil market.
At 10:00 a.m.; IOC was trading 1.7 per cent higher at Rs 370, HPCL was up 2.1 per cent and BPCL was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 730.35.
IGL: Indraprastha Gas Ltd, the sole retailer of CNG in Delhi, today said it is not revising rates despite input cost going up.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.6 per cent lower at Rs 388.35.
Cairn India Ltd: Cairn India said it has started to inject polymer into wells to raise output from its largest oil field in the prolific Rajasthan block, Mangala.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 284.65.
Godrej Consumer Products Ltd: The maker of Cinthol soap and Good Knight mosquito repellent, said fiscal second quarter stand-alone profit rose 21.7%, in line with analyst estimates.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 981.25.
DCB: Having got promoters' shareholding down to 16.4 per cent following a Rs 250-crore QIP issue, private-sector DCB Bank has said it will be approaching the Reserve Bank again seeking more time to bring it further to the mandated 10 per cent
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.8 per cent lower at Rs 88.80.
Ranbaxy Laboratories: The drug firm on Friday said Luxembourg Stock Exchange (LSE) will delist the company's Global Depository Receipts programme with effect from December 15.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 634.40.
Tata Chemicals Ltd: State-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has reduced its stake in Tata Chemicals by over two per cent by selling 52.87 lakh shares in the open market.
  At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent higher at Rs 411.50.
Godrej Properties Ltd: Real estate private equity firm Milestone Capital Advisors has sold its entire stake in Godrej Properties residential project Godrej Prakriti in Kolkata for Rs 200 crore. The exit is valued at 2.3 times of the fund's earlier investment that was made five years ago, said two persons familiar with the development.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.5 per cent higher at Rs 249.50.
Infosys Ltd: Software giant Infosys has pulled out of its proposed software development centre at an information technology park near the Bengaluru international airport.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 4100.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: Country's largest car-maker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) on Saturday reported a 1.1 percent decline in total sales in October at 1,03,973 units as against 1,05,087 units in the same month last year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 3294.25.
M&M Ltd: Auto major Mahindra & Mahindra today reported a 15.39 per cent decline in total sales at 42,776 units in October. It had sold 50,558 units in the same month last year, the company said in a statement.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.5 per cent lower at Rs 1270.75.
TVS Motor Company: The two-wheeler maker reported a 22 per cent increase in its total sales at 2,41,044 units in October 2014. The Chennai-based company had sold 1,97,905 units in the same month last year, TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.4 per cent higher at Rs 265.85.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dabur India Q2 profit seen up 14.5% to Rs 286 cr: PollDabur India Q2 profit seen up 14.5% to Rs 286 cr: Poll
Rupee falls 15 paise to 61.51 against dollar in early tradeRupee falls 15 paise to 61.51 against dollar in early trade
Sensex  Nifty at lifetime highs on capital inflows  global cuesHi Guest
Markets end flat amid volatile trade
The Sensex ended down 5 points at 27,860 and the Nifty ended up 2 points at 8,324  Markets ended flat after recording fresh highs in early trades with auto shares leading the decline amid weak October sales. The 30-share Sensex ended down 5 points 27,860 and the 50-share Nifty ended up 2 points at 8,324. Foreign institutional investors were net buyers in equities to the tune of Rs 1,755 crore on Friday, as per provisional stock exchange data. However, the broader markets continued to ...

Karnataka Bank surges as Q2 profit doublesKarnataka Bank surges as Q2 profit doubles
Sensex  Nifty retreat after hitting fresh record highsSensex  Nifty retreat after hitting fresh record highs
Sensex hits fresh record highSensex hits fresh record high
Board of Apcotex Industries appoints directorBoard of Apcotex Industries appoints director
Buy Maruti Suzuki Ltd with a target of Rs 3425: Prakash GabaBuy Maruti Suzuki Ltd with a target of Rs 3425: Prakash Gaba
Subscribe to PowerYourTrade and get exciting offersPowerYourTrade Offers to You
Power Calls
Get trading calls from experts and brokers on SMS before markets open and on a real-time basis with trading ranges, exit and entry points, breakout signals and more.
Multi Baggers
Our experts panel will help you to get you those life-changing stocks, tomorrow's bluechips today. Find hidden gems that will gain steadily, and safely here.
Commodity Calls
Get commodity calls from experts and brokers on SMS before markets open and on a real-time basis with trading ranges, exit and entry points, breakout signals and more.
Heard on the Street
Our correspondents bring news to your computer screens and mobile phones. Get the buzz here before anyone hears of it.
Stock Signs
Our Research department tracks the market through the hours to unearth stocks poised to move.
Market Outlook
Read where the experts see the market levels moving in the near term.
© 2014 PowerYourTrade.com India. All Rights Reserved.
A Web18 Venture.

Majority Of Kroger Shoppers Want Gun-Friendly Chain To Ban Gunsreddit
The cadre of mothers crusading to ban the open carry of firearms in stores has added a new poll to its arsenal.
Sixty-four percent of shoppers in states allowing gun owners to brandish their weapons in public want supermarket giant Kroger to prohibit open carry in its stores, according to the poll , commissioned by Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense In America, the increasingly powerful gun-control group backed by billionaire Michael Bloomberg.
On Wednesday, the moms plan to picket outside Kroger’s annual investor relations meeting in Cincinnati armed with a 300,000-signature petition and the poll, which was released Tuesday by the Benenson Strategy Group.
“People are now just realizing how absurd it is that someone could bring a loaded AR-15 into Kroger with them while they’re shopping,” Shannon Watts, the founder of Moms Demand Action, told The Huffington Post on Tuesday.
Moms Demand Action has already notched significant victories through powerful social media campaigns. At its urging, corporate food chains Chili’s, Sonic, Jack in the Box, Chipotle and Starbucks asked customers to leave guns at home or in the car. After a prolonged fight, during which the moms faced fierce rallies by rifle-toting open-carry advocates, the group convinced Target to announce a no-guns policy.
But the Kroger campaign marked a shift for the group toward more sophisticated tactics. Flush with cash from Bloomberg’s Everytown for Gun Safety fund, the moms rolled out campaign ads for the first time last month. Meant to jolt shoppers into realizing the absurdity of allowing assault-grade firearms in the stores, the ads juxtapose a person with an AR-15 slung around his shoulders with either a child holding an ice cream cone, a shirtless man or a teenager with a skateboard. The message: Deadly weapons are allowed at Kroger, where policy forbids these other, relatively harmless things.
One of the ads released by Moms Demand Action to pressure Kroger to ban guns.
Two radio ads , made by recording real customer service calls to Kroger, are also getting air time.
Since the moms embarked on the campaign, smaller grocers have approached the group for help drafting gun bans of their own .
Watts said her group chose the supermarket giant because of its size and visibility. Kroger operates 2,419 stores in 31 states, most of which are in the South and Midwest, regions where gun culture and the powerful National Rifle Association maintain a stronger grip than in, say, the liberal Northeast.
“We wanted to pick a campaign that would give us the opportunity, frankly, to do more brand damage by running ads,” Watts said. “They may at first sit back and allow the brand damage to occur, and then realize, ‘Oh, wait, we’re alienating most of our customer base, which is women and mothers.”
Kroger said it has no plans to change its current policy, and that it believes the Everytown is "a national political organization that is attempting to use retailers to further their agenda."
"Kroger's policy has been and continues to be to follow state and local laws and to ask customers to be respectful of others while shopping in our stores," Keith Dailey, a spokesman for the chain, wrote in an email to HuffPost. "We believe the controversial gun issue is best resolved by lawmakers, not retailers."
Though the results of the moms' new poll should be taken with a grain of salt, considering the group financed the poll, the findings indicate a desire to leave guns out of the grocery store.
A huge majority of those polled, 83 percent, said they believe Kroger has the right to prohibit guns if it so chooses. And 61 percent of shoppers who have guns in their homes say they don’t think such a policy would violate their Second Amendment rights. Most notably, 52 percent of shoppers who said they support a gun ban at Kroger keep firearms in their homes.
Open-carry activists marched through a Target location in Texas to protest the moms' early efforts pushing the retailer to ban guns.
Watts said most of the retailers that have announced no-guns rules over the last year conducted their own polls ahead of any policy changes.
But the rules aren’t always legally binding. It can be difficult for individual chains to enforce the policies, both legally and logistically, if a defiant customer decides to carry in a loaded assault rifle strapped to their back. But Watts, who has endured violent threats and brutal, misogynistic hate speech since founding the group after the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School, said the policies are first steps toward loosening the grip of the NRA gun culture.
“Ultimately,” she said, “businesses cannot withstand the wrath of American moms and women.”
This story has been updated with a statement from Kroger.
More:

Fed Ends Stimulus Program With Economy Still On Shaky Groundreddit
Janet Yellen and the Federal Reserve just declared the U.S. economy well enough to leave intensive care, though it is not yet the picture of health.
The Fed announced on Wednesday that it was ending a two-year stimulus program designed to keep interest rates low and boost the economy. The program -- known as "quantitative easing," or "QE3," for the fact that it was the third round of such stimulus since the financial crisis -- involved buying billions of dollars of bonds each month. The central bank has been cutting back on these purchases with every Fed meeting since December 2013. On Wednesday it said it was making its last such purchase this month.
In pulling away support for the economy, the Fed is taking a chance that recent signs of economic strength are more reliable than recent signs of weakness. On the one hand, unemployment has tumbled to 5.9 percent, the lowest in six years, and employers have added more than 200,000 jobs per month so far this year. GDP growth jumped at a 4.6 percent annualized rate in the second quarter. Gasoline prices are at their lowest in four years .
On the other hand, wages have stayed stubbornly flat , and much of the drop in unemployment has been due to workers checking out of the labor market, meaning they're no longer counted as unemployed. Financial markets have been turbulent lately, and economies around the world seem to be teetering on the edge of recession .
One of the Fed's policy makers, Minnesota Fed President Narayana Kocherlakota, dissented from the Fed's decision, arguing the economy was still too weak for the Fed to end QE3. He also argued that the Fed should have shown more alarm about the prospect of low inflation.
Still, in announcing its decision, the Fed sounded fairly optimistic about the economy, noting the job market's recent good news and saying that consumers and businesses have been slowly increasing their spending.
The Fed also chose to look on the bright side of one ominous development in the economy: Inflation is still lower than the Fed would like it. Low inflation might sound great to people dealing with rising food prices, but if prices generally stay too low for too long, that risks "deflation," or falling prices. When deflation happens, people stop spending while they wait for prices to fall further, and the economy suffers. See Japan in the 1990s or the U.S. during the Great Depression.
The Fed kept pumping stimulus into the economy in one way: It kept its target for a key short-term interest rate near zero and promised to keep it there for "a considerable time." This interest rate, the federal funds rate, which influences other borrowing costs throughout the economy, is the Fed's traditional policy tool for slowing down and speeding up the economy.
When zero-percent interest rates weren't enough to help an economy gutted by the financial crisis and Great Recession, the Fed turned to the extraordinary measure of buying up bonds to drive interest rates even lower. That bond-buying has left the Fed with a balance sheet worth $4.48 trillion, up from less than $1 trillion before the crisis.
The Fed's balance sheet has quadrupled in size.
What remains to be seen is the effect of the program's end on the economy and financial markets. The Fed has been warning of the end of QE3 for several months, giving markets time to adjust, and stock prices have recently soared to record highs despite the looming end of QE3.
As for the economy, interest rates have stayed relatively low even as the Fed has cut back on bond purchases. The rate on a 30-year mortgage was recently just a little more than 4 percent, up from a record low of about 3.35 percent, set just as the Fed was beginning QE3, according to monthly data from Freddie Mac.
Interest rates are still relatively low.
Fed officials have long maintained -- or hoped, anyway -- that the central bank's enormous holdings of bonds will keep helping the economy even when it stops buying more.
Interest rates rise as bond prices fall, and as long as the Fed is sitting on a mountain of relatively low-risk bonds, then bond prices should stay high, and investors will still be forced to go buy riskier stuff like corporate bonds and stocks.
The stock market, in fact, has been one of the most obvious winners of the Fed's bond-buying program. Stock prices fell on Wednesday after the Fed's announcement, but not by much. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down about 50 points, or about 0.3 percent, about 20 minutes after the Fed's announcement. The S&P 500 was down about half a percentage point.
Some Fed officials have fretted publicly about the unwanted side effects of their easy-money programs, including pumping up market bubbles and filling the coffers of the 1 percent while not doing much for the other 99 percent. Some Fed officials and economists have also been skeptical that QE was worth such risks. Many on the Fed now seem more inclined to try to use other tools to help the economy.
More:

Major Poultry Processor Cited For Appalling Labor PracticesPoultry Processor Discouraged Injured Workers From Seeing Doctors, Feds Find
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON -- One of the nation's leading poultry processors exposed its line workers to painful musculoskeletal injuries and discouraged them from reporting those injuries to doctors, an investigation by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration found on Wednesday.
Wayne Farms, which bills itself as the fifth-largest poultry producer in the U.S., was issued 11 safety citations for hazards allegedly found at its plant in Jack, Alabama, nine of which were deemed "serious." The proposed fines for the citations top $100,000, which may be low for other regulatory agencies, but is quite stiff for OSHA, which is the federal government's workplace safety regulator. The company, which is based in Georgia, will have the option to appeal.
Significantly, OSHA decided to use what's known as the general duty clause in order to cite the company for hazards. Workplace safety law states that employers have a "general duty" to protect workers from harmful situations, though regulators usually rely on more specific standards to levy fines.
It's been more than a decade since OSHA used the general duty clause to cite a poultry plant for ergonomic hazards. Poultry workers, many of whom are immigrants, are generally low-paid and vulnerable to repetitive-motion injuries, particularly carpal tunnel syndrome. The case against Wayne Farms may indicate a new aggressiveness on the part of OSHA when it comes to policing the industry.
"The citations issued by OSHA are landmark," Celeste Monforton, an occupational health and safety expert, said in an email to The Huffington Post. "It's a breath of fresh air to finally see the Labor Department taking a tough stand against ergonomic hazards. The fact that it did so tells me the situation for workers was egregious."
In a statement, OSHA officials said that the hazards at the plant led to "serious injuries" for workers that went unreported to doctors as well as occupational safety officials. Inspectors also found that workers at the plant were forced to see the company nurse repeatedly before they were referred to an independent doctor.
"Wayne Farms effectively concealed the extent to which these poultry plant workers were suffering work-related injuries and illnesses," Joseph Roesler, OSHA’s area director in Mobile, Alabama, said in a statement. "And as a result, it reported an artificially lower injury and illness rate."
In a statement through a spokesperson, Wayne Farms said it was contesting several of the citations "while also investigating the circumstances surrounding the allegations." The company said some of the citations were in "vague, general terms that are hard to address or investigate."
"[O]thers specifically called out problem areas the company has either already addressed or that were in fact not violations of any specific regulation or safety protocol," the statement read.
Wayne Farms does business under the brand names of Wayne Farms, Dutch Quality House and Platinum Harvest. According to its website, the company processes 2.5 billion pounds of poultry each year at its 11 plants.
With the help of lawyers from the Southern Poverty Law Center, Wayne Farms workers filed a complaint against the company with OSHA earlier this year.
The Center for Progressive Reform, an advocacy group that pushes for stronger workplace safety standards, said the fine proposed for Wayne Farms "shows OSHA's commitment to addressing the widespread hazards that poultry workers face."
This post has been updated with comment from Wayne Farms.
More:

Sony says half-year loss balloons six-fold to almost $1.0 bnComments
Sony said Thursday its net loss for the April-September period ballooned to nearly $1.0 billion, as the embattled electronics firm continues to struggle in the fiercely competitive smartphone business.
The firm said its net loss came in at 109.1 billion yen, way up from a loss of 16.5 billion yen in the same period last year.
Sony's operating loss of 15.8 billion yen reversed an profit of 49.4 billion last year, although sales ticked up 6.5% to 3.71 trillion yen.

View: BJP will have to grapple with discontent in MahaNovember 1, 2014, 6:55 am IST Economic Times in ET Commentary | India , Times View | ET
15
By Kumar Ketkar
It is still not clear whether the BJP, led by Modi-Shah duo, decided to ignore the Shiv Sena completely or Uddhav Thackeray decided to opt out of the Maharashtra government. The Sena leadership has also not declared whether it wants to sit in the Opposition or with the treasury benches. It is distinctly possible that the Sena would sit with the ruling party without joining the government. This became clear when Thackeray decided to attend swearing-in. It would also be odd for them to lead the Opposition, as the second largest party, and sit along with the Congress legislators. No less comical is the position of Nationalist Congress Party.
The NCP has decided to support the government, without joining it. But that also does not clear the confusion as to whether the NCP legislators will perform the role of the Opposition or be with the treasury benches. If the NCP chooses to sit in the Opposition, then it is difficult to see how it will support the ruling BJP. There is no ambiguity about the Congress. It is out of question that it can in any way cooperate with the BJP which has vowed to make Maharashtra, nay India, “Congress-mukta (free of Congress)”. Therefore, the genuine opposition party will apparently be the Congress.
Congress neither knows how to be in the opposition, nor does it have independent, parallel and civil society organisations to mobilise the masses. Shiv Sena, with its militant cadre and violent tactics for Marathi Manoos identity, created its political space. Mumbai was its base, but even without the TV or the social media, Sena could create political space for itself. The BJP used its Hindu card to galvanise the people. Only the socialists and the communists raised issues and demands which concerned the material life of the people – be it the issue of dearness allowance, bonus, remunerative price for the farm products, price rise and so on. The opposition in Indian democracy does not depend on the seats in the House.
Even in the next five years, there will be agitations of sugar cane and cotton growers, or of the drought affected peasantry, the unorganised workers in factories or small and medium industrial establishments, against price rise and for higher wages and so on. The “official” opposition in the House, led by Shiv Sena, NCP and Congress will have to sail according to the wind and create parallel space.
The legislative opposition should reflect the discontent that is bound to grow, because as BJP itself said, the aspirations are rising. By changing government and the parties in power, these aspirations cannot be met. BJP has no concrete solution to any problem and so far they have been rising only on the discontent and anti-incumbency.
There is totally undue emphasis on the number of legislators in the Opposition. Most of the opposition in Maharashtra (as elsewhere) is outside the assembly, often on the streets. Indeed, in India, the opposition parties have mobilised their support base as well as electoral base by taking real or false issues on the streets. For instance, Congress had a stunning 203 seats out of 270 in 1967. But in 1972, the opposition (mainly the leftist parties) confronted the ruling Congress, despite powerful Indira Gandhi at the helm of affairs. The trade union movement was strong, the farmers’ organisations were militant, the protest culture in general was widespread. All these forces combined in the anti-Congress movements under the leadership of Jayaprakash Narayan and cornered the ruling party led by Indira Gandhi, even before the Emergency in 1975. In 1977, Congress lost power at the Centre and Janata Party formed government. (The first ‘Congress-mukta’ government, which was a dream of Ram Manohar Lohia). The Congress was confronted outside the legislative houses. Indeed, even the Janata Party could not rule beyond three years. Indira Gandhi was back in power riding the mass frustration with the Janata Party’s misrule.
It must also be remembered that Indira Gandhi did not fight in the House, but literally came on streets. Congress in Maharashtra under Prithviraj Chavan or Ashok Chavan or others is not moulded in that way.
They have neither connect with the people like Indira had, nor are they eloquent parliamentarians. They understand the issues (sometimes) but can’t convert them in electoral banks.
So even if the opposition parties – Congress or NCP or Sena – do not actually take lead in the movements born out of frustration and anger of the people, there will be discontent, not only about material aspirations but also about religious and casteist identity and injustice related issues. The hunky-dory mood and the celebrations of Friday cannot wish away the tiger on which the BJP rode to power.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

This Photographer s New Take On The Tarot Deck Is Utterly Bewitchingreddit
In the mid-15th century, tarot originated as a pack of playing cards. By the 18th century the cards evolved into mental and spiritual pathways for mystics and occultists. Each card depicts one of 22 major archetypes, each of which bears a special symbolic meaning for those to whom they're dealt.
For 20 years photographer Victoria Goldman has been consumed by the workings of the tarot, both for their beauty and the rich history the cards have acquired. In her newest exhibition "Mythicos Divinare," Goldman creates her own version of the tarot deck, forming a mythology full of mysterious shadows and ethereal women.
The Emperor
The photos, shot with a vintage Polaroid and film amd a twin lens Rolleiflex camera, offer a hypnotic twist on classical photography. Inspired by Francesca Woodman or Julia Margaret Cameron, Goldman has a knack for balancing softness and darkness, nature and the supernatural. Gold, glittered dresses shimmer like the night sky while darkened branches resemble brittle ghosts.
"I chose to use one main model for this show to speak to the fact that all of the characters that tarot contains are within each one of us," Goldman explained to Robin Rice Gallery. The same subject plays the roles of Lady Luck, the Emperor, the Devil and the World, symbolizing the infinite multiplicity waiting in each of us.
Even without fully understanding the history of the tarot, Goldman's exhibition captures the bewitching spirit of the timeless practice in a contemporary light. The photos, seductive and somewhat haunting, show the undeniable power hidden in this ancient practice.
The exhibition runs until December 14 at Robin Rice Gallery . Enjoy a preview of the Tarot deck below.
The Fool

Googles Project Ara: Are you ready for the hardware AndroidProject Ara
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 2, 2014 6:34 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 7:40 am
If Google has its way, the world would in a few years be buying parts of their smartphone as they do with apps at the moment.
ALSO READ: Are you ready to assemble your own phone?
No wonder the search and advertising giant, which seems to be nurturing device ambitions of late calls its Project Ara the hardware version of Android. Like with Android, Mountain View wants to keep a grip on this open source project and will itself build and sell the frame which forms the base of the new modular phone.It wants developers to create the modules that will go it. This could be a keyboard module, a long life battery or a zoom lens. The possibilities are so mind boggling that it could change the way we use smartphones.
In the ideal Ara scenario, the smartphone will be able to adapt to very specific requirements of the user like adding multiple battery modules for a camping trip with multiple lens options. While it is a win-win for consumers it could sound the death knell for a lot of Google’s present day device partners. Who would want to buy a hard framed phone when they could pick and choose what they want, at affordable price points. Google’s challenge on the other hand would be to keep the prices under control.
The developers won’t have scale and the economies that come with it. At least not initially. There wouldn’t be any taker for the ambitious project if the modules end up more expensive that a regular smartphone. To start with, project head Paul Eremenko says he want to keep the cost of the frame under $50. But he accepts that putting a price on one of these phones is still a long way off.
If the concept catches the world’s fancy you might see some large smartphone manufacturers of today being relegated to becoming module makers. By the way selling BlackBerry keyboards or Nokia cameras for an Android phone might be a business idea whose time has come.
 

Is there a pattern in BJP s growth across countryAmit Shah
(However long it lasts in…)
If the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has to be visualised as a plant, it can best be thought of as a lithe, fast-growing climber that seeks nourishment from the body of an older, bigger, rooted ally, which is part of the local flora. But unlike the climbers of the plant world, the BJP as a political entity replaces its older partner so completely that it doesn't leave a trace of the original body on which it grew.
The first BJP government in Maharashtra is being touted as Prime Minister Narendra Modi's personal achievement. But is the Maharashtra victory due only to Modi's strategic vision and Amit Shah's tactical brilliance or is there a pattern to the BJP's growth across the country, riding piggy-back on local allies?
Political Fillip
Now, it is difficult to imagine Gujarat as a non-Hindutva state. But in the 1971 Parliamentary polls, Congress (O) had about 10 seats, the Swatantra Party one in Gujarat and the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh's (RSS) political outfit, Jana Sangh, had none. Around that time, one of the significant victories against the Congress from Gujarat was that of Maniben Patel, the daughter of Sardar Vallabhai Patel. Despite contesting against Congress, she was not part of Jana Sangh.
The RSS grew as a political entity primarily during the days of the Emergency, bringing all the right-wing forces — its own Jana Sangh, the feudal lords' Swatantra Party, the right wing within the Congress, the Congress (O), and the Socialist bloc — together on the single platform of the new Janata Party. It borrowed the election symbol of Charan Singh's Bharatiya Lok Dal and swept the 1977 Lok Sabha polls.
But when the Janata Party split and the BJP was formed in 1980, there was no Swatantra Party or Congress (O). Instead, the BJP became a bigger entity occupying their space in states where these two parties dominated. After the Janata experiment, the RSS got its next political fillip when VP Singh led his anti-Congress Janata Dal to victory. The BJP got a share in power in Gujarat for the first time in 1990 along with Janata Dal's Chimanbhai Patel, the chief minister who conceived the Narmada dam, the ports and the power plants of the state.
A Footnote in History
Soon, Janata Dal became a footnote in history and most of the party merged with the BJP in Gujarat, turning a minor player into the dominant political force. Many RSS leaders such as Shankersinh Vaghela, Keshubhai Patel, Suresh Mehta and Narendra Modi contributed to this stupendous task of turning Gujarat saffron.
In Rajasthan, too, the Jana Sangh was at best a bit player. The leader of Opposition in the Rajasthan assembly in much of the '60s and the '70s was the state president of the Swatantra Party and the head of the All India Kshatriya Mahasabha, Maharawal Lakshman Singh of Dungarpur. Though Bhairon Singh Shekhawat became the first non-Congress chief minister of Rajasthan in 1977, it still was a Janata Party government.
Even in 1990, he could become the chief minister only with the support of Janata Dal. And it was only after the complete assimilation of the remnants of the Janata Dal, Rajasthan's politics became a contest between the Congress and the Bharatiya Janata Party.
  Another example is Karnataka. The first non-Congress chief minister of the state Ramakrishna Hegde, originally from the Congress (O) stock, had sort of inherited his guru S Nijalingappa's support base among the Lingayats of the state.
When Hegde with his Lok Shakti switched sides to support BJP in 1998, the saffron party made an impressive performance winning about 13 seats. Then, it was just a matter of a few years before it grew in stature to share power with Deve Gowda's Janata Dal in 2006 and then to win the assembly polls in 2008.
Is not the story of BJP's growth in Maharashtra similar? The BJP rode the anti-Congress wave in 1989 accepting the leadership of Shiv Sena to gain a foothold in the state. Later, it shared power with Sena in 1995 and now it is a bigger party, primarily because of Sharad Pawar's decision to force a four-cornered contest in the state.
The Farming Factor
Political commentator Kumar Ketkar while agreeing with the Gujarat parallel insists that BJP may not be able to replace its allies to turn Maharashtra into a politically bipolar state like Gujarat, Rajasthan or Karnataka. "Unlike Gujarat, where trade and commerce are the determining factors, Maharashtra is dependent on farming. The BJP does not have the farmers' politics in its DNA. The BJP's success may depend largely on Modi and the longevity of Sharad Pawar's politics," said Ketkar.
However long it lasts in Maharashtra, the BJP brand of climber-politics is only expanding its footprint. The next fertile stops are West Bengal and Tamil Nadu, where the sisters and mothers of local politics had for long nurtured the saffron seeds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP should be seen as full of diversity: PM Narendra ModiYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
BJP should be seen as full of diversity: PM Narendra Modi
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 09.31PM IST
Tags:
Narendra Modi
(PM Narendra Modi asked…)
NEW DELHI: Buoyed by recent poll victories, BJP today embarked on a fresh membership drive amid Prime Minister Narendra Modi's strong pitch for making it all inclusive so that all sections of the society feel their "flower" is represented in this "bouquet" of the party.
Modi, who launched the renewed campaign and became its first member, asked the party cadres to be public representatives in true sense by living up to the people's expectations from the ruling party.
"Our country is full of diversity. BJP should also be seen as full of diversity. The bouquet of crores of BJP workers should be such that people from all regions should feel that their flower is also represented in this bouquet," he said at a function here to launch the drive which will continue till March 31 next.
"People from all sections should feel their representative is also part of this bouquet. The party's expansion should be such that it should touch everyone and have widest reach," he said.
The comments assume significance as BJP is mainly seen as a party confined to Hindus and Hindi heartland.
Modi noted that people's expectations from political leaders and parties have changed over the years and they now expect them to play an important role in public life and help improve their lives.
Contending that BJP has raced ahead of its rivals in the country, he told the party cadres to reach out to all sections of the society so as it represents the country's true diversity.
"The era of mass agitations for politics seems over...Now people expect parties and their leaders to play significant role in public life," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black Money: How parties resist transparent fundingArun Jaitley
(In the clamour for recovering…)
Given a choice of priority, should Indian authorities be chasing black money in circulation within the country or the illicit billions held in foreign banks? It is a nobrainer. Money whisked away abroad is tiny compared with the unaccounted money within India.
Yet, the political system has long been barking up the wrong tree; the ongoing debate on black money has been no different. On Thursday, however, finance minister Arun Jaitley asked tax officials to turn the gaze inside. It makes sense on other counts, too.
Indians hold assets abroad through multiple trails of offshore shell companies and hundreds of accounts in tax havens. Tax officials haven't shown the gumption or means to track these assets, leave alone confiscating them. All the authorities possess as evidence is a so-called 'HSBC list' that contains names of Indians who have hoarded wealth in the Swiss unit of the banking major.
This is actually stolen information by a bank employee, which the French government shared with India. The Times of India, quoting unnamed government officials, reported on Thursday that the HSBC list is of no use because it contains no big names, the entries are too old and accounts have little money.
Talk about an anti-climax. India's best bet is to join other countries in turning the heat on tax havens. But even this plan faces uncertainty owing to a Supreme Court order seeking full disclosure on illegal bank accounts held abroad. The court order has muddied the emphasis on secrecy in bilateral tax treaties that facilitate exchange of information (see The Swiss Conundrum).
The government's peekaboo policy of revealing three names on the HSBC list too didn't help. No surprise then that India has delayed signing a crucial international agreement aimed at automatic financial information on tax evasion, which could help secure information about Indians hiding money in tax havens. Pretty bleak, right? Say, the government by a stroke of luck receives information. Good luck with that because prosecutions are painfully long.
Core Issue
Against this grim backdrop, Jaitley's directive is welcome. But he too has not addressed the heart of the scourge of black money in India — the way political parties finance themselves. It is no secret that all parties depend on donations, but the manner in which they collect money is largely shrouded in secrecy. "Nearly 75% of their funds are from undisclosed sources," said SY Quraishi, former chief election commissioner.
  Even the records of money parties have submitted to the Election Commission (EC) show a kind of guile bordering on illegality. The Congress, for example, has declared that more than a third of its total income of Rs 2,365 crore between 2004-05 and 2011-12 was generated by sale of coupons to, well, mostly its own workers and leaders, according to a study by Association of Democratic Reforms (ADR), an organization that pursues political reforms.
EC officials say coupons are nothing but a tool to collect money from outsiders and source it to party members. One would expect Samajwadi Party to find donors aplenty in Uttar Pradesh, where it rules. But it has listed just three donors (in 2012-13), two of whom reside in West Bengal of all places. The duo made 11 contributions totalling Rs 2.19 crore. Nine of those contributions came from Aditi Sen, a resident of Salt Lake City, Kolkata.
Two contributions were made by Sundeep Sen, a resident of the same address as Aditi. There are plenty of similar examples for every major party. As it happens, the donations disclosed are peanuts compared with the amounts parties raise in the run-up to elections. In June 2011, the government tasked a committee to study black money. Its observations make for startling reading.
"The two major national parties [the Congress and BJP] claim to have incomes of merely Rs 500 crore [$81 million] and Rs 200 crore [$32 million].
But this isn't even a fraction of their expenses. These parties spend between Rs 10,000 crore [$1.6 billion] and Rs 15,000 crore [$2.4 billion] annually on election expenses alone," said the report.
Indeed, it costs parties a bomb to run a decent campaign. Lakhs have to be spent on just a rally — on publicity, choppers and vehicles, booze and money to lure volunteers and so on. "Election financing is the best example of the existence of black money in India," said a senior EC official.
A New Path
On August 29, the EC issued a set of guidelines aimed at bringing transparency and accountability in the funding of political parties during "elections and other times" (see The New Transparency Rules...). The guidelines, which came into effect from October 1, call for parties to maintain records of all donations and make all payments beyond Rs 20,000 by cheques or drafts.

How black money comes back as white in IndiaHow black money finds its way out of India, and how it comes back as white
Shantanu Nandan Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 2, 2014, 05.50AM IST
Tags:
Black Money
("The govt should use a carrot-and-stick…)
In February 2008, R Prasad, the then chairman of the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), led a team of tax sleuths to Port Louis, the capital city of Mauritius.
Backed by a team from the ministry of external affairs, Prasad made an attempt to convince Mauritius officials to re-negotiate the double tax avoidance agreement (DTAA), which was resulting in massive tax losses to India.
Prasad's attempt was unsuccessful, but what he discovered in the process was startling: a handful of persons acted as directors for about 30,000 companies located in that island nation. Also, companies there exist only on paper, as addresses of many of those begin with a mere post box number.
"Mauritius and many other tax havens act as buffers to bring back India's black money as white.
And the challenge before the investigators is to establish the criminality of those involved in such activities," says Prasad, who retired as CBDT chairman six years ago.
Now, the Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money wants such tax treaties to be re-drafted, a move that will put the government in a spot.
Only this week, a reluctant government had to hand over to the apex court a complete list of 627 Indians who have accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva.
"The debate so far has been what comes first: investment or tax? Is India ready to sacrifice investments worth billions of dollars for the sake of some tax gain? So far as Mauritius is concerned, any retreat from India's side will allow China to woo the island nation," says a finance ministry official who did not want to be named, explaining why New Delhi hasn't been assertive with Mauritius, a nation where Indian defence forces harbour strategic interests.
In Black and White
While tax havens like Mauritius will help black money come back into the country as white, Indians continue to send illicit money abroad.
This is done through various methods, hawala transactions — where money is transferred abroad without any real movement of funds — being one of them although, according to a finance ministry white paper on black money released two years ago, hawala transactions have actually dwindled over the past decade.
"In recent years, after the 9/11 incident in the US, due to intense scrutiny of banking transactions, enhanced security checks at airports and ports and relaxation of exchange controls, transfer of money through hawala has reduced significantly," says the report. "...increasing pressure on financial operators and banks to report cash transactions has also helped in curbing hawala transactions."
  However, there are other methods to siphon black money out of the country, two of which are manipulation of export invoices and setting up of trusts abroad.
Two income-tax officials told ET Magazine that a large number of the accounts of the 627 names based on data stolen by an employee of HSBC, Geneva, would be of such trusts. The modus operandi adopted here is as follows: black money moves abroad through routes like hawala.
Then a trust is formed in, let's assume, the Netherlands. The trustees in this case will be Dutch nationals, but the beneficiaries will be relatives of an Indian back home who put in the initial corpus.
"But we can initiate a probe only when money gets reflected in the accounts of the beneficiaries," explains one of the tax officials.
As the incometax department and the Enforcement Directorate (ED) will now work under SIT, one can expect more urgency in the mission to bring back unaccounted money. Yet, genuine hurdles may come in the way of that endeavour.
The classic example of such a hurdle is seen in the case of Pune-based stud farm-owner Hasan Ali Khan, who was raided by the I-T department seven years ago. Documents and data in his laptop established that he had a Swiss bank account with a whopping $8 billion (roughly Rs 48,000 crore) in deposits. Ali was sent to jail, but the ED that probes money laundering cases found out from the Swiss authorities that Ali's accounts had been emptied.
The multi-billion dollar question then: how many of the 627 whose names exist in a sealed cover would have done the same?
FEATURED ARTICLES

Recovering black money tough; essential to curb outflows: Raymond BakerBlack Money
(Excerpts from an earlier…)
Rare is the discussion on black money that doesn't quote the figure of $462 billion, the amount India lost in illicit financial flows between 1948 and 2008, which was estimated by Washington-based thinktank Global Financial Integrity in 2010.
Excerpts from an earlier interview with GFI director Raymond W Baker, an expert on black money and tax evasion, by ET on India's battle with illicit billions:
On what the government must do to curtail the flow of illicit money
The government must exert its influence globally to curtail the shadow financial system, particularly within G20 where it plays a key role. There are things India can do by itself. In our analysis, trade mis-pricing is more responsible than any other mechanism for flow of illicit money from India and other countries. India should take a strong role in determining the identity of the real owners of entities that do business, particularly those established in Mauritius and other tax havens. We can accomplish this by instructing banks against receiving investments from abroad without knowing their origins. This is not difficult, but we need the will to do it.
On how money is being laundered abroad
Indians use the same techniques as everybody else, in particular the mis-pricing of trade. It is the biggest mover of illicit money and the toughest to curtail. Let us be realistic. It is very easy to mis-price a transaction by 5-15%. By looking at an invoice, we can never tell if it has been mis-priced.
On the chances of money being moved to other tax havens due to increased scrutiny on Switzerland and Mauritius
Money has been moved from Switzerland to Singapore and Hong Kong. Dubai was a favourite destination until economic problems surfaced. But this is a favourable development. When we keep pressure on larger jurisdictions and force money to smaller ones, it will force money to even smaller ones until the problem is weeded out.
On whether banking methods have changed with scrutiny
Yes, it is difficult, but not impossible. It is still possible to open secret bank accounts, hiding behind nominees and trustees. But the situation is getting marginally better.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian researcher develops new device to track status of heartUpdated: November 2, 2014 13:11 IST
Indian researcher develops new device to track status of heart
PTI
The developer of the device intends to price it around Rs 9,000, so that tracking one’s complete health becomes affordable.
TOPICS
health treatment
An Indian researcher here has developed a wearable device that he claims can help one track the status of heart, both in medical and emotional terms.
“The Inner You (INYU) is a wearable device that helps the user to track and manage his or her physical as well as emotional health,” Srinivasan Murali, co-founder and CEO of the Switzerland-based SmartCardia told PTI.
The SmartCardia technology is based on several years of research from the Embedded Systems Laboratory at the Ecole Polytechnique Frale de Lausanne (EPFL), he said.
“I hope the device will be highly beneficial for India. It can be used to track Electrocardiogram (ECG), breathing and key vital signs of users, so that they can get timely feedback from the doctor,” he said.
“The user can see the signals immediately on his or her mobile phone. It can also be used for managing a healthy lifestyle, as it tracks the emotional and physical health aspects, such as the stress level, body fat and physical activity,” Mr. Murali said.
The developer of the device intends to price it around Rs 9,000, so that tracking one’s complete health becomes affordable.
Explaining the working of the device, he said INYU obtains key physiological signals from the body like ECG, breathing, skin conductance and physical activity by a simple touch that give a complete picture of the body-mind health.
The combination of the biological signals is used to infer the overall physical and emotional state of the user.
“For example, the variation in time intervals between heartbeats is related to the stress level. The conductivity of the skin, reflecting the amount of sweat-induced moisture on the skin — is determined by the emotional intensity, while breathing is a good indicator of the activity of the autonomic nervous system,” Mr. Murali said.
By combining these indicators, he said the stress level, concentration level and mood are inferred by advanced machine learning algorithms on the device.
“This allows managing stress and quantifying yoga and meditation techniques. New breathing games can be implemented as well,” he said.
He said the INYU sends the signals in real-time to smartphone and other smart objects through Bluetooth 4.0.
“Mobile and computer games can become immersive. Imagine a user having to hold his breath when jumping into the water on the screen. Games can also be personalised for the user,” he said.
The INYU signals can also control smart lights, music and other smart objects. The breathing or emotion state can be used control the colour or intensity of lights or the music can change according to physical activity or mood, he said.

Food security at WTO: Ministry officials to meet PM todayCommerce Ministry officials to meet PM today for consent on negotiating stand
New Delhi, November 2:  
With the US softening its position on India’s food security concerns at the World Trade Organisation (WTO), the Prime Minister’s Office will now take a final call on what could be an “acceptable” solution for India on the issue.
Top officials from the Commerce Ministry are scheduled to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday to finalise the country’s position in Geneva, a Government official told BusinessLine.
“The US has indicated its willingness to compromise. Everybody is now waiting for us to reveal what is acceptable to us. We want a solution before WTO breaks for Christmas,” said a Commerce Ministry official.
New Delhi may be ready to accept a “peace clause” protecting it against retaliatory action from other members in case its food procurement subsidies breach the given cap of 10 per cent of total production. However, it would want the “peace clause” to be permanent, with no deadline for replacing it with a new formula for calculating actionable subsidies.
Additionally, it also wants restrictive clauses attached to the peace clause to be dropped. These include the requirement to prove that the procurement subsidies are non-trade distortive and the need to submit various documents and data to be dropped, the official said.
“We are ready to give documents and data that are supplied by those giving ‘green-box’ or non-trade distorting subsidies that are not capped. It is unfair to ask us for more data and commitments,” the official added. India has refused to support a protocol on trade facilitation being pushed by a number of developed countries including the US without a solution to its concerns about breaching food subsidy caps. If the present rules on agriculture are not changed, India is likely to over-shoot the subsidy cap for rice in the next few years.
Although India had agreed to support the trade facilitation protocol – for facilitating movement of goods across borders – by July 31 this year at the WTO’s Bali Ministerial, it had not realised that the ‘peace clause’ being offered in return came with an expiry date of 2017.
In July, India had agreed to support trade facilitation if the ‘peace clause’ was made permanent. The US, however, did not agree. But, unable to garner much support against India at the WTO, it recently relented and agreed to make the ‘peace clause’ permanent. “With most countries not ready to sign a plurilateral trade facilitation agreement without India at the WTO, our bargaining position has become stronger,” the official said.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Congress  BJP trade charges over Vadra rowUber cab rape case: Police conduct raids in UP, no background check on driver
Police are now on the lookout in UP for the radio cab driver who allegedly raped a woman executive in Delhi. Several police teams are conducting raids in different parts of the state, especially in  Mainpuri, because the suspect was a resident of this area. Poll | Why do such crimes continue despite public outrage?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is chairing a meeting of chief ministers in Delhi to discuss various aspects relating to restructuring of the Planning Commission.
Black Money Probe
Come with proof, not for 'fishing expedition': Switzerland tells India
As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.

Act now on climate change  says new IPCC reportNEW DELHI, November 3, 2014
Updated: November 3, 2014 02:45 IST
Act now on climate change, says new IPCC report
Meena Menon
environmental issues
India has to internalise climate considerations into development planning
Chairperson of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) R.K. Pachauri on Sunday said the window of action on tackling climate change was closing rapidly and warned that the path of inaction would be more costly than the path of action.
Speaking at the launch of the IPCC’s Synthesis Report in Copenhagen, he said the scientific community had done its job and was in a sense passing on the baton to politicians and decision-makers. The Synthesis Report points to the human influence on climate but also points out that there were means to limit climate change and build a sustainable future. He said the global community must look at the numbers in this report and bring about change. “There is no Plan B because there is no planet B,” he said to questions.
“The Report tells us that we need to tackle climate change with a combination of adaptation and mitigation,” he added.
Navroz K, Dubash, one of it lead authors, said for India, keeping the pressure on for global mitigation was also key.

Missing Indians believed to be aliveNEW Delhi, November 3, 2014
Updated: November 3, 2014 03:13 IST
Missing Indians believed to be alive
Suhasini Haidar
Relatives hold up photographs of Indian workers, who have been kidnapped in Iraq. File photo: Reuters
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
Govt. working with Syrian intelligence to rescue workers abducted in Mosul
It’s been nearly five months since 42 Indian men went missing in the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul in Iraq but Indian officials say they continue to believe they are alive.
Official sources told The Hindu, “The last information received by the government was that they were in custody but unharmed. No information contrary to that has been received.”
India’s special envoy Suresh Reddy also remains in Erbil, the Kurd-controlled city closest to Mosul, and is spearheading the efforts to secure their release.
Asked specifically about the last time the government had heard about the whereabouts of the men, who were textile workers, a source familiar with the government’s efforts said, “Different sources are confirming information at different times. But if anything untoward had happened to them, we would certainly have heard by now.”
Concerns grew this week over killings in Mosul around June 11, the day IS forces took over the city, after the Human Rights Watch published eyewitness accounts that said as many as 600 Shia soldiers in the Badoush prison on the outskirts had been executed that day.
However, there has been some hope after 49 Turkish prisoners, also from Mosul, were released by IS fighters in September, after three months in custody. The release was secured after negotiations aided by the Iraqi government, while reports said that the Turkish government had used its influence over a Syrian rebel group to release IS prisoners in exchange.
In an effort to look for similar leverage, The Hindu has learnt, the government has stepped up diplomatic efforts and intelligence exchanges in the region. While senior intelligence officials have travelled to Turkey and Saudi Arabia in the past few weeks, a senior Syrian intelligence team visited New Delhi and met with the National Security Adviser in the third week of September. Syrian Interior Minister Mohammad Ibrahim al-Shaar is expected to visit the city shortly as well.
Confirming the discussions on IS, Syrian Ambassador to Delhi Riyad Kamel Abbas told The Hindu, “There is full cooperation between India and Syria on the issue of IS. Syria is ready to provide all help to the Indian government they require.”
Mr. Abbas said that concerns over the possibility of Indian citizens travelling to Syria and Iraq to join the IS was discussed but there “was no evidence of any Indian being among the fighters that the Syrian government has been monitoring.”

Infy steps up efforts to lower attrition | Drops plan of a new facility in BengaluruYou are here: Home > Collections
Infosys steps up efforts to lower attrition rate by next year
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 06.55AM IST
Tags:
crowdsourcing
(Keeping employees from…)
BENGALURU: Infosys expects to lower staff attrition sharply as early as June next year, thanks largely to measures taken to engage with employees by new boss Vishal Sikka .
Keeping employees from leaving is regarded as being integral to the company's plans to improve its performance, which is seen lagging behind the industry average.
"In my sense, it should come down to 13-15 per cent in the next two to three quarters," said UB Pravin Rao , chief operating officer. The 1,65,000-strong Infosys reported an attrition rate of 20.1 per cent for the second quarter ended September. If the Bangalore-based company is able to rein in the rate at which employees are leaving, it could mark a start in the company's broader ambitions to win back its IT sector bellwether tag, experts said. "The confidence comes from what we are seeing on the ground when we connect with the employees.
When Vishal connects with the employees, we get to gauge the enthusiasm on the ground," Rao told ET in an interview. Since taking over as CEO on August 1, Sikka has put in place measures such as crowdsourcing initiative murmurations and a 100 per cent variable bonus to all employees in the June-September period. The country's second largest software exporter has also done away with the long-standing practice of giving promotions just once a year to every quarter.
Since April, the company has made four rounds of promotions, with more than 4,000 employees elevated last month across sales and delivery in all markets, bringing the total number to 19,000 or about 12 per cent of the total workforce.
Some experts believe that stability in the senior ranks and confidence in Sikka's leadership should help the company attain Rao's estimate. "Attrition can come down dramatically," said a Mumbai-based analyst at a domestic brokerage.
"And if you can check attrition rates, then that is surely is the first sign the company can look to get back to the growth pedestal."
Rao said a key element is to offer "a win-win for both employees and employers". He added, "As a company we need to grow. We have to make sure we provide enough growth opportunities." Boosting employee morale will be important as Infosys looks to improve performance — the company has reaffirmed its guidance of 7-9 per cent growth for this fiscal, much lower than the Nasscom estimate of 13-15 per cent growth for the IT industry.
"Checking attrition is okay. (But) will this also mean the company will get back to industry-beating growth numbers earlier than anticipated. I don't think so. That will take time," said the Mumbai-based analyst. Both management and analysts believe that it will take another two years — not until April 2016 — before Infosys is able to match its peers, including Tata Consultancy Services and Cognizant, in reporting double-digit revenue growth rates.
Unsurprisingly, all IT companies are taking various measures to retain employees as they see growth slowing. TCS , which reported a marginal uptick in the attrition rate to 12.8 per cent for the second quarter, is considering increasing salaries offered to fresh engineering graduates, which over the last few years has remained in the Rs 3.5-4.5 lakh band.
Wipro , which reported an attrition level of 17 per cent, has rolled out one of its biggest employee-retention programmes by offering executives with more than two years of experience a chance to study at some of the nation's premier engineering and management colleges.
Additionally, the company earlier this year launched a Distinguished Member of Technical Staff programme, under which it offered engineers an equal opportunity with business degree graduates to climb up the ranks.
"Today whenever you talk to employees, in the exit interview, inevitably employees talk about their glowing experience of the Mysore days. These are early days (but) one of the things we are looking at is if existing employees can go and spend one month every year in Mysore, teach something or take some classes," said Rao.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China s HSBC PMI hits 3-mth high  but risks ...China's final HSBC PMI hits 3-month high, but risks remain
By Reuters | 3 Nov, 2014, 08.50AM IST
0
Share More
"Overall, the manufacturing sector continued to stabilise in October, however the sequential momentum likely weakened," said Hongbin Qu, chief economist for China at HSBC.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Growth in China's vast factory sector rose to a three-month high in October as smaller firms saw more orders, a private survey showed on Monday, easing fears of a sharp slowdown but still pointing to a sluggish economy that is losing momentum.
The final HSBC/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) edged up to 50.4 in October, up from the September's reading of 50.2, but unchanged from a preliminary reading.
However, while the headline number looked slightly better, growth rates slowed in several key areas heading into the fourth quarter, putting the government's full-year growth target of 7.5 percent further in doubt.
Growth in new orders and new export orders - proxies for domestic and foreign demand, respectively - fell to their lowest in four to five months, but managed to hold above the 50-point level that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis.
The level of output in factories also fell to a five-month low of 50.7.
"Overall, the manufacturing sector continued to stabilise in October, however the sequential momentum likely weakened," said Hongbin Qu, chief economist for China at HSBC .
"We still see uncertainties, given the property downturn as well as the slow pace of global recovery, and expect further monetary and fiscal easing measures in the months ahead," Qu said.
Lacklustre final demand also weighed on the labour market, which shrank for 12th consecutive month in October, though the rate of job-cutting stayed at the slowest since July.
A similar survey by China's National Bureau of Statistic(NBS) released on Saturday showed factory activity unexpectedly fell to a five-month low last month as firms struggled with slowing orders and rising borrowing costs.
The official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) eased to 50.8 in October from September's 51.1, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Saturday. Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast a reading of 51.2.
The official PMI is focused on larger, state-owned factories, as opposed to the HSBC/Markit PMI which focuses more on smaller manufacturers in the private sector.
An official reading on the services industry earlier on Monday showed growth in that sector hit a nine-month low in October as the cooling property sector weighed on demand.
The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 53.8 in October from September's 54.0, the National Bureau of Statistics said. But the reading was still comfortably in expansion territory.
The services sector has been more resilient than the manufacturing sector and is creating more jobs, which partly explains why the government has so far refrained from more aggressive policy easing to support the slowing economy.
Hurt by unsteady exports, a housing downturn and cooling investment growth, the Chinese economy is in danger of missing the government's growth target this year for the first time in 15 years.
Third-quarter growth of 7.3 percent was the weakest since the global financial crisis.
Most analysts believe authorities will continue to roll out modest support measures in coming months to lift activity, but they are divided over whether it would act more aggressively, such as by cutting interest rates, unless there is a risk of a sharper slowdown.

Express 5: Wagah border blast kills 55; Fadnavis keeps HomeMinPrint
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 9:28 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 10:06 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day.
1. Wagah border blast
A woman grieves next to the bodies of victims of the Wagah bomb blast, at a Lahore hospital on Sunday. (Source: AP photo)
At least 55 people, including children and security personnel, were killed and 200 injured in a powerful blast set off by a suicide bomber at Wagah in Pakistan on Sunday, minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the Indo-Pak border.
READ: Suicide bomber kills 55 at Wagah border, over 200 injured in the powerful blast
2. Opinion
In the recent assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana, Dalit political parties performed poorly. The BSP won just one seat in Haryana and none in Maharashtra, while no Republican Party of India (RPI) faction could win a seat in Maharashtra.
3. CM Fadnavis keeps Home Ministry
Fadnavis flies economy class on flight to Nagpur on Sunday.
Newly sworn-in Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis has decided to keep critical portfolios of home and urban development with him. He has also retained health and housing.
READ: CM Fadnavis keeps Home, Eknath Khadse gets Revenue
4. Trilokpuri riot
Joseph Maliakan in Trilokpuri, 30 years after what was his most heartrending assignment. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
The 1984 Sikh massacre in Delhi following the assassination of Indira Gandhi by two Sikh guards is the saddest and most heartrending event I have covered as a reporter.
READ: ‘Bodies of hundreds of Sikhs were scattered, some showed signs of life’
5. Sports
Ajinkya Rahane celebrates after reaching his hundred during the first ODI against Sri Lanka in Cuttack on Sunday. (PTI)
The two openers, Shikhar Dhawan and Ajinkya Rahane were the chief architects of this victory. Both scored hundreds — Dhawan’s sixth in ODIs and Rahane’s second — and put on 231 runs for the first wicket.

Cut power outages: Govt clears Rs 88k CIL pr...You are here: Home > Collections
Centre puts 90 of Coal India's mining projects worth Rs 88k crore on fast track
Vikas Dhoot, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Coal India Limited
(The coal ministry has sought…)
NEW DELHI: The government has put 90 of Coal India's nearly 150 greenfield and brownfield mining projects on the fast track, entailing an investment of around Rs 88,000 crore, in a bid to augment domestic coal supply quickly and ensure uninterrupted power, despite the cancellation of coal block allocations by the apex court.
The coal ministry has sought faster clearances for Coal India Limited or CIL's much-delayed projects, some of which have been on the drawing board for decades and could double its capacity once complete, as this would also allay the apprehensions of the firm's trade unions about its future as the expansion plan would create hundreds of employment opportunities and ensure the behemoth retains its dominant market stature.
This move runs parallel to the proposed auction of coal blocks that the government intends to wrap up in the current financial year, for which an ordinance was promulgated on October 21. Coal India trade unions have announced a one-day strike on November 24, protesting against what they term as a move to allow private companies in commercial coal mining.
"While we are working on rolling out the coal block auctions soon, it is imperative to raise domestic output of coal as well, so we have decided to fast-forward all of Coal India's outstanding projects by flagging them with the project monitoring group in the cabinet secretariat," said a senior government official .
The group is responsible for steering bigticket projects caught up in red tape-induced delays, out of the woods.
Over the past week alone, the coal ministry has taken up 38 such mining projects with the cabinet secretariat involving an investment of close to Rs 65,000 crore, most of them awaiting green clearances and land acquisition. These are on top of 25 other mining projects that involve investments of Rs 19,000 crore by Coal India, whose problems have already been taken up for resolution with the concerned ministries and state governments.
Already, red tape hurdles such as forest and environmental clearances stalling 28 other coal mines spread across the country have been lifted, paving the way for additional coal production of over 90 million tonne (mt) from these mines over the next year or so.
"The government recognizes that the coal sector needs a fresh 'mission-mode' approach and believes that strengthening Coal India's capacities is a critical part of the solution, whether you look at it from the perspective of keeping costs low for end-users or of restricting the current account deficit," the official said. Together, these 90 projects, which include four dedicated railway lines to ferry the critical fuel source from rich coal belts in Jharkhand and Chhatisgarh with no connectivity, are expected to raise Coal India's capacity by over 450 mt, according to ET's calculations.
Though India is rich in coal reserves, said to be the third largest in the world, it imported 171 million tonne of coal for $16.41 billion in 2013-14, far higher than the 145 million tonne it imported in the year before that. Between April and September, the country has already imported around 110 mt of different varieties of coal. Coal India produced 462 million tonne of coal last year, missing its output target by 20 mt, and the government expects local supply to fall short of demand by over 180 million tonne in 2016-17.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti Suzuki  M&M  Tata Motors fall post muted October sales dataMaruti Suzuki, M&M, Tata Motors fall post muted October sales data
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 09.39AM IST
Tags:
economy
(Industry expected double-digit…)
NEW DELHI: Auto stocks such as Maruti Suzuki, Mahindra & Mahindra and Tata Motors slipped over 1 per cent each on Monday, after the automakers reported their sales data for the month of October over the weekend.
The industry was expecting double-digit growth in September and October. But combined sales of cars and utility vehicles in the two key festival months are estimated to be flat at best despite automakers offering heavy discounts, say industry executives, ET reported.
Maruti Suzuki slipped over 1.5 per cent in trade after the country's largest car-maker on Saturday reported a 1.1 percent decline in total sales in October at 1,03,973 units as against 1,05,087 units in the same month last year.
Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd slipped over 2 per cent after the auto major reported a 15.39 per cent decline in total sales at 42,776 units in October. It had sold 50,558 units in the same month last year, the company said in a statement.
Tata Motors plunged over 1 per cent in trade after the global auto giant reported a 17 per cent decline in total sales at 42,819 units in October 2014 as against 51,638 units in the same month last year.
Domestic sales of Tata commercial and passenger vehicles were down 17 per cent during the month at 38,760 units as against 46,926 units in October last year, Tata Motors said in a statement.
At 09:25 a.m.; Maruti Suzuki was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 3295. It hit a low of Rs 3280 and a high of Rs 3330 in trade today.
Mahindra & Mahindra was trading 2.4 per cent lower at Rs 1271. It hit a low of Rs 1269.55 and a high of Rs 1303 in trade today.
Tata Motors was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 528.50. It hit a low of Rs 525.55 and a high of Rs 532.40 in trade today.
As per the ET report, this weak performance comes after the sector posted higher year-over-year numbers for the first four months of the fiscal year starting April, raising hopes that the auto industry was finally turning around after posting lower sales for two years. Signs of a pickup in the economy had boosted the expectations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hero MotoCorp Oct sales declines 8%; stk downYou are here: Home > Collections
Hero MotoCorp October sales declines 8%; stock down
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 11.12AM IST
(During the festive period,…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Hero Moto Corp were down on profit booking after the company reported 8 per cent decline in sales in festive month of October.
The company sold 5,75,056 two-wheelers in October 2014 as compared to 6,25,420 units in the same month last year.
During the festive period, which lasted between September 25 (first day of Navratras) and October 31, the company sold 10 lakh two wheelers.
"All the new launches - including the new ZMR, Splendor iSmart, Splendor Pro Classic and Passion Pro TR - have been driving the volumes across segments," the company said in filing to stock exhcanges.
The company has lined up a total investment of over Rs 5,000 crore across the globe, including manufacturing plants in Colombia and Bangladesh, new plants which are coming up in Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh and the Hero Global Centre for Research & Design at Kukas in Rajasthan.
At 09:45 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 2989, down 2.37 per cent, on the BSE. It plunged 4.3 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 2928.80.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kiss of Love  campaign meets wall of cops and protesters  fizzles outComments
The much-hyped ‘kiss of love’ campaign to protest against growing moral policing has fizzled out after the police rounded up 50-odd activists who were planning to march towards Marine Drive, the venue of the event. The police detained the organisers and sympathisers, including women, even before they could reach the venue of the symbolic protest against moral policing.
A girl kisses a boy as a support to 'Kiss of Love' protest rally, in Kochi on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
Just as the march began at around 4pm, the police team led by DCP (Law and Order), R Nishantini, took the organisers and sympathisers into custody and bundled them into a police van as they raised slogans against moral policing.
Though the organisers had claimed that 5,000 activists would take part in the event many pro-kiss activists backed out at the eleventh hour fearing violence. Since morning many anti-kiss drive activists had swarmed Marine Drive and assembled at vantage points insisting that they won’t allow the event come what may.
The police resorted to a mild lathi-charge to disperse the crowd that attacked two motor-cyle borne pro-kiss activists.  At least eight protesters and media personnel were injured in the ensuing scuffle. Traffic was disrupted for more than two hours.
Despite the police arresting them minutes before their march to the venue, pro-kiss activists claimed that their campaign was a run-away hit. “We succeeded in sending a strong message throughout the country that moral policing is worse than voyeurism. We got unprecedented support from many quarters. It is a strong warning to moral police,” said N Nandini, one of the activists.
Earlier, protesters on Sunday blocked roads leading to Kochi’s Marine Drive, the venue for ‘Kiss of Love’ — a mass-kissing campaign against alleged moral policing by right-wing groups.
The port city remained tense with suspected members of the Shiv Sena, Samastha Sunni Students Federation and other activist groups saying they would not let the event take place.
Around 1,000 policemen were deployed to prevent any untoward incident as those supporting the drive planned to march to the venue by 5:00pm.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised recently by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
A day after the Kerala high court refused to intervene, the organisers said on Sunday they would go ahead with the protest, even as they were yet to get permission from the police.
Though the police had denied permission for the event, they said they would only intervene if it created a law and order problem.
Stressing that it was "not a kiss fest" but a gathering of like-minded people to raise awareness against moral policing, the organisers said they would next focus on creating awareness about the deadly AIDS.
'Free Thinkers', a Facebook group organising the programme, expected about 700-1000 people would participate.
"There is no question of backtracking. The protest will be held as scheduled at 5pm at the venue with participants holding placards," Rahul Pasupalan, IT professional and short film maker and Jijo Kuriakose, a researcher and members of 'Free Thinkers' had told reporters earlier in the day.
On Saturday, the organisers had received a shot in the arm with the Kerala high court refusing to interfere with the event after the state government assured action would be taken in the event of any illegal activities. Two petitions seeking to prohibit the event was disposed by the court recording the government's submission.
"This is not a kiss fest. It is a gathering of like minded people to protest against moral policing. We are independent thinkers and this is a gathering of the Facebook users," they said, adding young and old couple, parents and youngsters were all welcome to participate in the event, which is a platform to protest against moral policing.
Pasupalan said though they approached police four days back with a request for permission to conduct the event, they were yet to receive any intimation allowing or denying permission.
Pointing out that kissing and hugging was only a form of agitation they had chosen to raise awareness against moral policing, Rahul said it was precisely due to the novel form of protest they had adopted that so much heat had been generated.
"Isn't everyone talking about the event?" he asked.
"Because we selected this form of protest, everyone is discussing it. We want to create an awareness against moral policing," they said.
Jijo Kuriakose said the group would next focus their attention on creating awareness about the deadly AIDS.
Interestingly parallel to the ‘kiss fest’ a slew of other protests are expected to take place near the venue. Leading Malayalam literary critic M Leelavathy and Kochi Mayor Tony Chammany are among the main participants expected to join a parallel protest event being organized by the Kerala Students’ Union, student wing of the Congress.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised last week by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
The attack came after a news channel owned by a political party carried a report on October 23 with visuals of “immoral activities” allegedly taking place at the establishment, showing young couples kissing and embracing.
(With PTI inputs)

SpiceJet  Jet Airways fly 6-7% high on fuel price cutSpiceJet  Jet Airways fly 6-7% high on fuel price cut
Sensex  Nifty retreat after hitting new life-time highsSensex ends flat after hitting record high
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
The Sensex and the Nifty snapped their four-day winning spree and ended near flat due to emergence of fresh selling in consumer durables and auto stocks amid weak European cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended at 27,860.38, down 5.45 points and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended at 8,324.15, up 1.95 points.
Among BSE sectoral indices, consumer durables stocks fell the most by 1.48 per cent, followed by auto 0.88 per cent, PSU 0.23 per cent and oil & gas 0.21 per cent. On the other hand, realty index was the star-performer and was up 3.61 per cent, followed by banking 0.46 per cent, healthcare 0.37 per cent and capital goods 0.29 per cent.
SSLT, Axis Bank, HDFC, ICICI Bank and Infosys were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while the top five losers were GAIL, M&M, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp and Maruti.
Indian shares hit a third consecutive record high on Monday but the gains fizzled out later in the session, with both indexes ending flat as automakers such as Tata Motors declined after the monthly sales fell.
Earlier in the session, the sentiment had been supported by a continued rally in lenders such as ICICI Bank due to expectations that the Reserve Bank of India would cut interest rates as early as its next policy reviews in December or February.
Airlines stock surges
Shares of airline companies surged as state-run oil marketing companies slashed jet fuel prices, according to local media reports.
Fuel charges contribute to nearly one-third of an airline's operational expenses - analyst with a local brokerage said.
Jet Airways Ltd was up 3.53 per cent and SpiceJet gained 6.75 per cent.
Auto stocks skid
Shares of auto companies fell after the October sales numbers were below some analysts' estimates.
Hero MotoCorp fell 1.66 per cent and Mahindra and Mahindra was down 2.67 per cent. Maruti Suzuki India Ltd was down 1.58 per cent, while Tata Motors was down 0.84 per cent.
Maruti reported a 1.1 per cent fall in October sales, while Mahindra reported a 15 per cent fall in sales.
According to Kotak Securities, auto manufacturers reported weak despatches in October. "We believe automobile growth is likely to moderate to low-single digits over the next few months,'' it said.
A report by Equentis Capital said: "India’s economy is expected to continue its growth story intact in long-term. Liberalisation of Indian economy could open opportunities in service, infrastructure and manufacturing sectors. Positive efforts by the government in direction to make India as a better investment destination is clearly visible trying to keep foreign money in the country. Earlier growth-oriented tie-ups with other Asian and global countries by the government will surely help India to achieve better than expected economical growth in coming years."
Markets closed
Trading will be truncated this week as the stock market will remain closed tomorrow, November 4, on account of Muharram. Also, there will be no trading on Thursday on account of Gurunanak Jayanti.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth Rs 1,754.73 crore last Friday.
European shares
European stocks were down, after this year’s biggest weekly rally, as investors weighed an increase in mergers and acquisitions activity.
Stoxx 50 was down 7.43 points or 0.24 per cent at 3,105.89 and FTSE 100 was down 8.47 points or 0.13 per cent at 6,538.
Asian stocks slipped from a one-month high after gauges of China’s manufacturing and services industries showed signs of a broadening slowdown in the world’s second-largest economy.
On the macro front, disappointing surveys out of China's manufacturing and services sectors will weigh on investor sentiment.
Data showed China's economy lost further momentum heading into the fourth quarter as a cooling property market weighed on activity and export demand softened. However, a fresh dip in the euro against the dollar was set to reassure investors about the profit outlook for European exporters.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Demanding PM: Babus racing against clock  to achieve year s target in six monthsYou are here: Home > Collections > Cabinet
Bureaucrats racing against time to achieve a year's goals in six months
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 10.32AM IST
Tags:
Ajit Kumar Seth
(On Saturday, Prime Minister…)
NEW DELHI: For India's top bureaucrats, there's little time to while away on the golf course or at Delhi Gymkhana Club . They are racing against the clock, trying to achieve revised full-year targets in half the time—there's less than six months left for the end of the financial year.
But that's not all. On Saturday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi asked all secretaries to advance budget work by three months and visit their first place of posting for a reality check. The same day, the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT), under Modi's direct charge, advised bureaucrats to replicate a Gujarat scheme and pursue volunteer works of a social nature but not at the cost of their responsibilities at work.
The cabinet secretariat had written to 72 ministries and departments asking them to submit annual goals in revised result framework documents (RFDs) for 2014-15 for approval by a high-powered committee chaired by cabinet secretary Ajit Kumar Seth . "With the new government in Centre, the priorities of the government have been revised," the letter said.
RFDs had been prepared and submitted in April, detailing targets for the year. But the cabinet secretariat asked all ministries on June 16, and again on September 15, to align these with the BJP's manifesto and the president's address to Parliament after the new government took charge at the end of May.
"All ministries submitted their fresh RFDs last week with targets having timelines from October till next March. Effectively, ministries have about five months left to achieve the new targets for year 2014-15," a senior government official told ET.
For example, DoPT's fresh targets include drawing up a policy for inducting private talent into government, preparing an online system of performance appraisals for bureaucrats and creating an e-record room by scanning all files over the last 10 years.
The cabinet secretariat in September asked the telecom department to include the BJP's promise of Wi-Fi zones in public areas in its revised RFD. The petroleum ministry was asked to incorporate the BJP's intent on coming out with a national energy policy, taking steps to maximise the potential of oil, gas, ocean, wind and nuclear resources and promoting the concept of proactive carbon credits.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex pares gains after record highs; top 15 stocks in focusSensex pares gains after hitting record highs; top fifteen stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
BPCL
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared gains after hitting fresh record high of 27,969.82 in trade on Monday, as investors preferred to book profits at higher levels. The fall in the index was led by losses in M&M, RIL, HDFC and HDFC Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also pared gains after hitting a fresh record high of 8350.60, weighed down by losses in autos, banks, consumer durable and oil & gas stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,804.21, down 61 points or 0.22 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 27,969.82 and an intraday low of 27,789.40 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8,305.30, down 16 points or 0.20 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 8,350.60 and an intraday low of 8,297.70 in early trade.
"Nifty closed at all-time high at 8322. Nifty future closed at a premium of 33 points indicating long carry forward. In October expiry, both derivative volume and open interest has increased indicating more participation," SMC Capital Ltd.
"Nifty is expected to remain in the range of 8200-8400 levels this week with positive bias. The options concentration continues to be at 8000-strike put option with an open interest of above 50 lakh shares," added the report. This is followed by the 8400-strike call option with above 30 lakh shares.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
Union Bank of India: State-run Union Bank of India said its net profit rose 78 per cent to Rs 371 crore in the three months to September, driven by lower provisioning and income tax write-back.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 225.90.
IOC, HPCL, BPCL: Petrol is cheaper by Rs 2.41 per litre from Saturday and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre which is its first price reduction by state-run retailers after the government allowed them to align its pump prices with the international oil market.
At 10:00 a.m.; IOC was trading 1.7 per cent higher at Rs 370, HPCL was up 2.1 per cent and BPCL was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 730.35.
IGL: Indraprastha Gas Ltd, the sole retailer of CNG in Delhi, today said it is not revising rates despite input cost going up.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.6 per cent lower at Rs 388.35.
Cairn India Ltd: Cairn India said it has started to inject polymer into wells to raise output from its largest oil field in the prolific Rajasthan block, Mangala.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 284.65.
Godrej Consumer Products Ltd: The maker of Cinthol soap and Good Knight mosquito repellent, said fiscal second quarter stand-alone profit rose 21.7%, in line with analyst estimates.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 981.25.
DCB: Having got promoters' shareholding down to 16.4 per cent following a Rs 250-crore QIP issue, private-sector DCB Bank has said it will be approaching the Reserve Bank again seeking more time to bring it further to the mandated 10 per cent
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.8 per cent lower at Rs 88.80.
Ranbaxy Laboratories: The drug firm on Friday said Luxembourg Stock Exchange (LSE) will delist the company's Global Depository Receipts programme with effect from December 15.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 634.40.
Tata Chemicals Ltd: State-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has reduced its stake in Tata Chemicals by over two per cent by selling 52.87 lakh shares in the open market.
  At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent higher at Rs 411.50.
Godrej Properties Ltd: Real estate private equity firm Milestone Capital Advisors has sold its entire stake in Godrej Properties residential project Godrej Prakriti in Kolkata for Rs 200 crore. The exit is valued at 2.3 times of the fund's earlier investment that was made five years ago, said two persons familiar with the development.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.5 per cent higher at Rs 249.50.
Infosys Ltd: Software giant Infosys has pulled out of its proposed software development centre at an information technology park near the Bengaluru international airport.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 4100.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: Country's largest car-maker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) on Saturday reported a 1.1 percent decline in total sales in October at 1,03,973 units as against 1,05,087 units in the same month last year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 3294.25.
M&M Ltd: Auto major Mahindra & Mahindra today reported a 15.39 per cent decline in total sales at 42,776 units in October. It had sold 50,558 units in the same month last year, the company said in a statement.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.5 per cent lower at Rs 1270.75.
TVS Motor Company: The two-wheeler maker reported a 22 per cent increase in its total sales at 2,41,044 units in October 2014. The Chennai-based company had sold 1,97,905 units in the same month last year, TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.4 per cent higher at Rs 265.85.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SEBI coming up with new insider trading normsSEBI coming up with new insider trading norms
Hero MotoCorp slips as October sales declineHero MotoCorp slips as October sales decline
Bhel slips on profit bookingBhel slips on profit booking
Sadak  Actor Sadashiv Amrapurkar Passes Away; Amitabh Bachchan  Narendra Modi aSadak  Actor Sadashiv Amrapurkar Passes Away; Amitabh Bachchan  Narendra Modi a
Bangladesh SC upholds death sentence of Jamaat stalwartBangladesh SC upholds death sentence of Jamaat stalwart
Indian Navy committed to ensuring safety of Indian Ocean sea lanes  says SushmaIndian Navy committed to ensuring safety of Indian Ocean sea lanes  says Sushma
Canara Bank announces retirement of directorCanara Bank announces retirement of director
Auto shares down after weak monthly salesAuto shares down after weak monthly sales
Un`real` estate Buying houses still a distant dream for manyUn'real' estate? Buying houses still a distant dream for many
By Reema Sharma |                              Last Updated: Tuesday, October 21, 2014 - 17:43
0
Share on Twitter
Reema Sharma
The burgeoning price of real estate continues to keep Indian realty far from reality for many. Housing loans might have made buying a house easier but the difference between household incomes and rising property prices is widening with each passing day. Therefore, if a middle-class salaried person wants to book a house on loan, saving for the initial down-payment becomes a decisive factor.
For instance, in the last three years, prices in Delhi NCR have almost doubled, however, industry-wide increase in salary has, on an average, gone up by only 15 percent.
With a stable government at the Centre, business sentiments have also become buoyant and it is expected that housing prices will further flare up, thereby adding further pressure on the buyer.
Perhaps Indians will also soon take a leaf out of the Housing Movement in Taiwan where more than 15,000 people staged a sleep-out in front of a luxury apartment complex— The Palace—in Taipei City. The people laid down in front of the luxury apartment complex in protest against exorbitant housing prices.
Speculation in the real estate is also a major reason for the sky-rocketing prices. Echoing a similar tone on housing price speculations, Dr Naresh Bharde, Chairman & Managing Director Excellence Shelters Pvt. Ltd. says," The Indian real estate market has witnessed a lot of changes post the fourth quarter of FY14. It has been observed that a lot of positive changes have seeped into the real estate sector."
This speculation has come about as a result of observations around the globe. There is a focused approach on infrastructure development and affordable housing for the masses. Across countries, it is a commonly held view that real estate cycles are the product of speculation, Bharde adds.
"That is, when speculation drives up demand, prices skyrocket and subsequently vice versa. However, it is characteristic of real estate prices to fluctuate on a cyclical basis. In reality, housing prices depend not just on speculative demand, but also on supply and the fluctuating interest rates," according to Dr Bharde.
In India, investing in property is hands down, the safest bet. There are always options of going for a barren land or a residential property, depending on one’s risk-taking appetite, holding period and investment size.
In such a situation, what can the home buyer do to tackle the difference between income versus realty price rise? Speaking on this particular issue, he said, "One option, which is also gaining traction lately, is to buy agricultural or vacant land. Vacant land gives you the convenience of making an investment without doing anything," Dr Bharde said.
The costs are much lower than residential land and this provides a large upside potential if it is re-classified as suitable for housing layouts. But at the same time there are certain limitations for procuring agricultural lands for NRIs.
However, a better and safer option is, to go for a plot in a gated or a residential community. The price can be higher by 30-40 percent, but it comes with a few benefits. "For one, though you need to perform legal checks, the land title is likely to be clean and encroachment is also less likely since the layout is fenced. It's inclusive of infrastructure such as water and power already set up," added Bharde.
The presence of these necessary features makes it easier to sell the plot at a later time, bringing high returns to the owner. For investors in real estate, there are various means to churn profit in the long term, however for house owners the only solution lies in housing reforms. As for now, the house buyers can wait for consensus on the Real Estate Bill scheduled to be introduced in the next session of Parliament.
 
First Published: Tuesday, October 21, 2014 - 17:40
0

Fed review to dictate Sensex movement aheadMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Last Updated: October 27, 2014  | 13:54 IST
US Federal review to dictate Sensex movement this week  (Photo: Reuters)
Mahesh Nayak
The US Federal Reserve's policy review on interest rates on October 28-29 will dictate the course of stock market movement in India this week.
All eyes will be on the Fed statement and its future course of action. The market doesn't expect any change in the US interest rates, which is currently at 0.25 per cent.
Some market observers feel that the Fed may continue with its quantitative easing to keep the growth momentum.
Global growth could remain weak for longer and hopes are that the increase in US interest rates could be postponed beyond the middle of 2015. So it would be important to note the Fed's future course of action regarding interest rates.
It has to be seen whether the Fed stops its bond purchases. Earlier on September 17, the Fed cut its bond buying by $10 billion to $15 billion a month.
Back home, quarterly earnings from Hindustan Unilever (HUL), ICICI Bank , ACC, Ambuja Cement, Dr Reddy's Labs, Lupin, Nestle, Tech Mahindra, Grasim Industries, IDFC, Maruti Suzuki, Raymond, Bharti Airtel and Sesa Sterlite will be important to watch. HUL will announce its result on Monday, October 27, while Tech Mahindra and Sesa Sterlite will declare their results on Wednesday.
ICICI Bank, Maruti Suzuki , Bharti Airtel and IDFC will declare their results on Thursday, while Suzlon Energy and Union Bank of India announce their earnings on Friday.
The market may remain volatile ahead of the expiry of October futures & option contracts on Thursday. Auto sales data for October will also be watched later in the week.

BoJ shows central banks have firepowerBank of  Japan shows central banks can still wield firepower
John Authers
They can move markets, but can they move the global economy?
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9e310492-610c-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sebi piles pressure on Sahara to sell hotelsSuchitra Mohanty and Himank Sharma     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 12:17 IST
Sahara Group chief Subrata Roy
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has accused Sahara of deliberately failing to sell its marquee overseas hotels in New York and London, seen as crucial to it complying with an order to repay investors and secure the release of jailed head Subrata Roy .
Roy, one of India's best-known business tycoons, has been held in a Delhi jail for nearly eight months over the conglomerate's failure to refund billions of dollars the group raised in outlawed bonds.
The Supreme Court has asked Sahara to pay Rs 10,000 crore ($1.6 billion) initially to secure bail for Roy, a flamboyant businessman who has often been photographed with senior politicians, professional cricketers and Bollywood movie stars.
The Sebi says that the total amount Sahara owes to investors is about Rs 47,000 crore and has petitioned the country's top court to order the company to reveal details of offers it received for the sale or mortgage of its hotels, according to court documents seen by Reuters.
Sahara did not reply immediately to requests for comment.
Roy was sent back to a regular jail cell this month after spending two months in a makeshift prison office fitted with computers and phones to enable him to conduct negotiations with prospective buyers for Sahara's three hotels, including the Plaza in New York and Grosvenor House in London.
In its petition to the Supreme Court, the Sebi said it had been informed by various individuals and entities that Sahara was refusing to entertain bids for the hotels despite several such offers.
LETTERS OF INTENT
The regulator cited emails from purported representatives of companies including New York-based Madison Capital and Texas-based World Class Capital Group (WCCG), including letters of intent to acquire the Sahara hotels.
An official from Madison Capital declined comment and WCCG Chief Executive Nate Paul did not respond immediately to an emailed request for comment.
The Sebi said the emails from the prospective bidders gave rise to the belief that Sahara may be "wilfully and deliberately" failing to take adequate steps to sell or mortgage the hotels despite Roy being granted office facilities in prison to facilitate the process.
"The above e-mails justifiably give rise to an apprehension that the respondents/detenus/Sahara are wilfully and deliberately not taking adequate steps to sell/dispose of/mortgage the foreign assets for which express permission was sought for from and granted by this Hon'ble Court," the petition says.
The regulator said that the court has not yet been informed of any offers received and how Sahara dealt with them.
Sahara, which has interests in finance, real estate and media among its varied businesses and is a former main sponsor of the Indian cricket team, has argued that it has repaid most of the investors. The Sebi and the Supreme Court have both disputed Sahara's claims.
A date for an official hearing of the Sebi petition has yet to be announced.
($1 = Rs 61.6000 )

Occupational therapy: Seeing patients overcome obstacles is biggest reward0
They may provide one-on-one care or small-group interventions. OTs teach clients new ways to move, help them cope with cognitive problems, or coach them on how to prevent a fall. They can address problems related to work, play, leisure, or self-care activities, "all important parts of who we are," Fisher noted. They also evaluate each patient's home, work and community environments and recommend helpful changes.
In schools, OTs help children with disabilities or sensory processing issues. They also work in homes with patients recovering from illness, injury or surgery, as well as in hospitals, nursing homes, outpatient facilities, community mental health centers and work rehab programs. At primary care clinics, they help patients manage chronic health conditions. The majority of OTs work with older adults.
A master's degree is required to enter the field, calling for at least two years of schooling beyond a 4-year bachelor's degree. Some students pursue a clinical doctorate, which takes three to 3.5 years of study beyond a bachelor's degree.
Interest runs high. More than 500 students apply each year for38 spaces in the University of Illinois at Chicago program, Fisher said. The sequence combines lecture, lab and discussion, and fieldwork in community agencies, hospitals, schools, outpatient clinics and nursing homes.
After graduation from an accredited OT program, hopefuls must pass a certification exam and apply for a license. They must complete at least six months of full-time internship before graduation.
An OT must be a "people person" with good communication and problem-solving skills, Fisher said. Therapists must be ready to work with infants through centenarians and be comfortable dealing with trauma and depression.
OT Matthew Clinger, 25, specializes in acute rehabilitation and medicine at the University of Illinois Hospital and Health Sciences System in Chicago. He helps patients with everything from brushing their teeth to applying make-up, getting dressed, using a computer, preparing meals, managing a checkbook and using public transportation.
His work requires creativity, patience and respect.
"The loss and trauma that many of the clients experience is often the most challenging, yet most humbling, aspect of my job," Clinger said. "While these harrowing experiences can often feel insurmountable, it's the candor, grit and humility I witness in my clients that restore my confidence in the human experience."
Nothing compares to seeing patients accomplish goals and take part once again in the pastimes they enjoy.
"Working as an occupational therapist reminds me, daily, that all people are good," he said. "There's a little bit of magic (in everyone)."
DeRuiter sees that same magic in her Easter Seals patients.
"It's incredibly rewarding to see a child master a new skill, or a patient return to a valued activity," she said. "My job is to help people participate in and enjoy their lives more fully. What more could I ask for?"
Patients have wide range of illnesses, disabilities
The responsibilities of occupational therapists can be wide-ranging. They treat those who are injured, disabled or sick improve or re-learn everyday skills.
On any given day, an OT may create a treatment plan for a patient, outlining activities and goals. They may help patients with disabilities, lead an autistic child in play activities, or demonstrate joint stretches for arthritis relief.
The job can also include educating a patient's family and employer on how to accommodate or care for them, recommend equipment like wheelchairs and eating aids, or teach patients how to use such aids. OTs assess and record each patient's activities and progress.
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), there were 113,200 occupational therapists in 2012.
Most enter the field with a master's degree in occupational therapy. As of March 2013, there were 149 occupational therapy programs accredited by the Accreditation Council for Occupational Therapy Education, part of the American Occupational Therapy Association, the BLS notes. Of those, 145 are master's degree programs, while the remaining four award doctoral degrees.
Local schools offering master's level occupational therapy programs include the University of Illinois at Chicago, Rush University and Chicago State University, and Midwestern University in Downers Grove.
Getting into a graduate program in occupational therapy typically requires a bachelor's degree and coursework such as biology and physiology. Several programs also require potential students to have volunteered or worked in an occupational therapy setting.
It takes two to three years to complete a master's program, with doctoral programs lasting roughly three years. Both require at least 24 weeks of supervised work in the field, where students gain real-world experience.
In addition, all states require that occupational therapists to pass the national exam from the National Board for Certification in Occupational Therapists. After that, they must also take continuing education courses to retain their certification.
In May 2012, the median annual wage for occupational therapists was $75,400, the BLS said.
Between 2012 and 2022, jobs for occupational therapists are projected to grow 29 percent.
The need for OTs is expected to grow as baby boomers age and people remain active later in life. Therapists can help treat many conditions that often come with aging, such as arthritis and stroke. They also will be needed as part of health care teams to treat those with chronic conditions such as diabetes.
(C) 2014 Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LIC sells Rs 7 700 crore shares in 14 Sensex companiesLIC sells Rs 7,700 crore shares in 14 Sensex companies, ups stake in 10
PTI Nov 2, 2014, 08.58PM IST
Tags:
LIC
(In five companies --- Wipro,…)
NEW DELHI: State-owned life insurer LIC lowered its exposure in 14 blue-chip firms during the July-September quarter with sale of shares that are currently worth about Rs 7,700 crore.
At the same time, the insurer increased its stake in 10 Sensex firms by purchasing shares to the tune of over Rs 5,000 crore, as per the shareholding pattern of 30-bluechip companies on the BSE.
In five companies --- Wipro, GAIL, BHEL, HeroMoto Corp and Dr Reddy's Laboratories -- LIC's stake remained unchanged during the quarter. It has not held any stake in Hindustan Unilever in the past few quarters.
LIC holds 16.97 per cent stake in Larsen & Toubro, the highest level among its holdings in Sensex firms.
At current share prices, LIC offloaded shares worth 7,700 crore in 14 Sensex constituents. At the same time, the insurance giant picked up scrips valued Rs 5,000 crore in 10 blue-chip companies.
Market analysts attributed the cut in exposure to profit booking.
The trimming of gains by the Life Insurance Corporation of India coincided with a surge of around five per cent in BSE's benchmark index Sensex during July-September quarter.
LIC decreased its stake in Tata Group firms--Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Tata Motors, Tata Steel and Tata Power and banking giants--State Bank of India (SBI), ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank, and Hindalco among others.
On other hand, the biggest institutional investor in the stock market shored up its holding in firms including Reliance Industries, Infosys and Bajaj Auto.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold may decline to Rs 24 500 by Dec if rupee stays constant: AnalystsGold
(MCX gold was at Rs 26,143…)
MUMBAI: Gold prices are likely to decline further to around Rs 24,500 per 10 grams by December if the rupee continues to rule at the current level, according to analysts.
"We expect the gold prices to remain bearish and if the rupee continue to rule at current level the yellow metal may touch Rs 24,500 level by December. We expect gold to consolidate in a week or two, then continue to decline further from mid or end of December," Motilal Oswal Associate Vice President - Commodities - Kishore Narne told PTI here.
MCX gold was at Rs 26,143 per 10 grams on Saturday while in the international market it was at $1,173.30 an ounce.
The major fundamental behind the bearishness of gold is the improving US economy, Narne said.
"The better than expected economic condition in the US is likely to lead to rise in interest rates, which will further strengthen the US dollar that will put more pressure on gold," he said.
In the international market gold is expected to rule at $1,080-1,120 level by the end of this year, he added.
Echoing the view, Commtrendz Research Director Gnanasekar Thiagarajan said the prices are expected to be around Rs 25,000-25,500 by December if the rupee continues at the current 61 level.
The further decline in prices may lead to production cuts, which is likely to be positive for gold and help in firming up of prices of the yellow metal, he said.
In the international market, gold is likely to be at $1,100-1,075 level by December.
"The bearishness is mostly due to strengthening of US dollar, which is leading to bullishness in the equity markets putting pressure on commodities across the board, including gold," he added.
Naveen Mathur, Associate Director, Commodities and Currencies, Angel Broking said expectation of interest rate hike by mid next year, improving US economy, bearish trend in crude price, stable geo-political issues and strengthening US dollar will put pressure on gold prices in the mid term.
"Gold is expected to be around Rs 25,500 level by December, after which it may begin to firm up on higher demand triggered by lower prices," he said.
In the global markets gold is expected to rule at $1,150-1,175 an ounce by December.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Stock wealth of next-generation business leaders rises to Rs 17 000 croreAkshata Murthy
(Similarly, the value of…)
NEW DELHI: As record stock market rally continues, the value of shares directly owned by next-generation business leaders at 20 major corporate houses has soared over 18 per cent to Rs 17,000 crore so far this year.
This includes value of shares owned by the children of top executives and promoters of the listed blue-chips such as Infosys, Cipla, Sun Pharma and the Reliance groups, while excluding the family holdings and equity owned through other entities such as trusts.
Collectively, the value of their holdings has risen by Rs 2,600 crore (18.2 per cent), from about Rs 14,000 crore at the end of 2013.
Topping the charts, the children of Infosys founders saw the value of their combined shareholding soar by 14 per cent to Rs 12,200 crore in the first 10 months this year. The total value of their combined shareholding had soared by over 50 per cent to Rs 10,720 crore during 2013.
Among them, Akshata Murthy and Rohan Murty saw the value of their shares top the Rs 6,500 crore mark. Similarly, the value of shares allotted to former Infosys CEO Nandan Nilekani's children Nihar and Jahnavi rose to nearly Rs 1,350 crore, as an analysis of data available on the BSE.
The next-generation of other Infosys co-promoters like Meghana (Kris Gopalakrishnan), Divya & Deeksha (K Dinesh), Shruti and Shreyas (S D Shibulal) saw their holdings rise to Rs 245 crore, Rs 1,115 crore and Rs 2,978 crore respectively.
Value of holdings of Wipro Chairman Azim Premji's sons Rishad and Tariq, however, at Rs 53.6 crore saw marginal rise as shares of the IT major were flat from last year-end.
Among other notable winners, Aalok Shanghvi, son of Sun Pharma founder Dilip Shanghvi, and his sister Vidhi's combined kitty rode on the back of over 46 per cent uptick in the drug maker's stock price to touch about Rs 485 crore. Aalok is senior general manager of international business at the firm.
There has also been robust rise in wealth of children of Cipla's M K Hameid, Kamil and Samina as value of holdings soared by Rs 550 crore. In 2013, gains were marginal. Siblings Kamil, who is chief strategy officer of Cipla, and Samina hold shares worth about Rs 1,390 crore.
Sons of Wockhardt promoter Habil Khorakiwala -- Murtaza (Managing Director) and Huzaifa (Executive Director) - saw 75 per cent rise in holdings at Rs 34 crore.
Country's richest man Mukesh Ambani's children saw a moderate rise in their portfolio. RIL stock rose about 14 per cent in 2014 after inching up 6 per cent in 2013.
The combined value of RIL shares held by Isha, Akash and Anant Ambani topped Rs 680 crore mark at October-end. The 22 year-old US educated Isha and Akash were recently appointed directors on board of Reliance Industries' telecom and retail ventures.
The market performance of Anil Ambani-led group firms was a mixed bag. Consequently, holdings of his children - Jaianmol and Jaianshul - stood at over Rs 30 crore. In a reversal of trends seen in 2013, value of shares of group's telecom arm Reliance Communications fell while financial services unit Reliance Cap and infrastructure firm R-Infra gained in 2014.
Godrej scions - Tanya, Pirojsha, Nisaba and Firoze - saw value of holdings rise to Rs 1,045 crore compared to about Rs 960 crore via shares held in Godrej Industries and Godrej Consumer. Shares rose by 10-14 per cent in 10 months of 2014.
O P Jindal group's next-gen leaders Tarini, Tanvi and Parth's holdings in JSPL, JSW Steel and JSW Energy saw total kitty rise to Rs 776 crore, compared to Rs 560 crore in 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IHS in biggest post-crisis Africa fundraisingIHS in biggest African fund raising since crisis
Daniel Thomas and Javier Blas in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/917836a0-611e-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Infosys pulls out of software development centre near Bengaluru International airportInfosys pulls out of software development centre near Bengaluru International airport
K R Balasubramanyam, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 07.29AM IST
Tags:
Bengaluru
(At a time when it is next to…)
BENGALURU: Software giant Infosys has pulled out of its proposed software development centre at an information technology park near the Bengaluru international airport .
At a time when it is next to impossible to get industrial plots in Bengaluru, Infosys has taken the extreme step citing lack of infrastructure at the 1,000-acre park to pursue its business plans. The company has also asked the Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board (KIADB) to refund the deposit for land it has paid.
The Bengaluru-headquartered company with annual revenue of $8 billion from software exports employs about 1.4 lakh people in India. It had plans to build its second-largest development centre on 100 acres at the Devanahalli IT Park . While the main campus at Bengaluru's Electronic City has 26,000 seats, the company had decided to set up a 20,000-seat facility at the new campus, according to its original proposal to the government.
In June 2010, KIADB allotted 40 acres to Infosys at Rs 1.8 crore per acre, and the company then asked for an additional 60 acres adjacent to this plot. The company, however, decided not to pursue its request after it noticed dismal progress on the infrastructure front. It has been fighting for its twin demands of a four-lane road between the airport expressway and the IT park and drinking water facilities at the sprawling park.
Infosys executive vice-president Ramadas Kamath confirmed that the company has surrendered the land and is pursuing a refund of the advance paid for the land. "Our investment proposal was approved by the high-level committee headed by the chief minister, and we had said clearly that we could go ahead with the project only if roads and drinking water are provided.
Though the government promised to do that on a priority, there have been no signs of that happening even after a wait of four long years," he told ET.
Additional chief secretary (commerce & industry) K Ratna Prabha said she was aware of the development, and the government would not let any company exit projects, but would address their grievances.
"I have told the commissioner of industry to have a meeting with the company at the earliest, and resolve the issues. We don't intend to refund money, but instead talk with investors," said Prabha, who also chairs KIADB.
IT Minister SR Patil said the government would not let down Infosys, and do its best to meet the demands.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Publicis in Sapient talks to expand in USPublicis to buy Sapient in ‘digital platform’ push for US growth
Ed Hammond and Shannon Bond in New York, Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07380b5a-62d6-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee weakens to 61.51 in early tradeRupee trading weak at 61.43
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
The rupee was trading weak by 7 paise at 61.43 against the dollar at 4.05 p.m. local time at the Interbank foreign exchange market due to dollar buying by importers and the dollar's against other currencies overseas.
After opening 15 paise lower at 61.51 per dollar against the previous close of 61.36, the domestic unit hovered in the range of 61.37 and 61.51 in the afternoon trade.
The US dollar touched seven-year peak versus the yen on Monday as markets basked in the afterglow of the Bank of Japan's surprise stimulus push and looked forward to at least a hint of fresh action from European policy makers this week.
Forex dealers said besides the dollar’s gains against other currencies in the global market, increased demand for the American unit from importers weighed on the rupee.
The rupee had gained nine paise to close at 61.36 against the dollar in the previous session on Friday.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Dollar jumps to 7-year high against yen  BoJ passes baton to ECBDollar jumps to 7-year high against yen, BoJ passes baton to ECB
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Nov 3:  
The US dollar powered to seven-year peaks against the yen on Monday and a two-year high on the euro, a punishing trend for commodities priced in dollars, with both gold and silver falling sharply.
Disappointing surveys out of China’s manufacturing and services sectors highlighted the relative health of the US economy, and piled pressure on other countries to ease monetary policy yet further.
The dollar came within a whisker of 113.00 yen in early trade, before taking a breather at 112.75. It has climbed over 3 per cent since the Bank of Japan stunned markets by doubling down on its already massive stimulus programme.
ECB quantitative easing
The bold move has raised expectations that the European Central Bank will eventually have to bite the bullet on quantitative easing, even if not at its meeting on Thursday.
“In this environment of subdued growth and long-term low-flation, we expect the ECB to announce the purchase of government bonds of euro area member states by early next year at the latest,’’ said Apolline Menut, an analyst at Barclays.
That outlook is one reason the euro caved to a fresh two-year trough of $1.2444, and why the dollar reached the levels not seen since mid-2010 against a basket of currencies.
Asian markets
While Tokyo stocks were enjoying a holiday after Friday’s 4.8 per cent surge in the Nikkei, shares across Asia were consolidating their gains.
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.2 per cent from a five-week high. Australia’s main index inched higher aided by another bumper result from one of the nation’s big four banks.
Westpac Banking Corp shares rose seven per cent after it reported cash profit of A$7.6 billion ($6.64 billion) — a fifth straight year of record earnings.
US stocks
On Wall Street, both the Dow Jones industrial average and the S&P 500 index had notched record closing highs on Friday. The Dow gained 1.13 per cent and the S&P 500 1.17 per cent.
China data underwhelms
Sentiment in Asia was somewhat tempered by a survey showing China’s services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October as a cooling property sector weighed on demand.
That followed an unexpected dip in China’s factory activity to a five-month low in October, underlining the uncertain outlook for the world’s second biggest economy.
Still, the prospect of further policy stimulus helped support stocks and Shanghai gained 0.4 per cent.
The soft data knocked almost a full cent off the Australian dollar, which is often used by investors as a liquid proxy for bets on China.
Yet the allure of Australia’s relatively high yields has only been burnished by the BoJ’s actions and lifted the Aussie to its highest on the yen since May last year.
Indeed, by announcing it would buy more longer-dated bonds and thus push down already threadbare yields, the BoJ is clearly trying to force Japanese investors to seek higher returns in riskier assets, both at home and abroad.
The rush out of yen was given more impetus by the news that Japan’s $1.2-trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will raise its holdings of foreign stocks to 25 per cent, well above some analysts’ expectations.
In contrast, US Treasury yields had ended higher last week after the Federal Reserve wound down its bond buying campaign against a generally improving economic background.
US manufacturing data
In a data-packed week, the US’s ISM index of manufacturing activity due later Monday is expected to hold at a relatively healthy 56.2 in October. The October payrolls report on Friday is forecast to show a solid increase of around 231,000.
In commodity markets, gold was pinned near its lowest since 2010 at $1,167.17 an ounce, as was silver at $15.87 .
Brent oil edged up 6 cents to $85.92 a barrel, while U.S. crude lost 9 cents to $80.47.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

ET Wealth | Here s how you can gain from bond rallyYou are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
Here's how you can gain from the bond rally
Narendra Nathan, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
bond rally
(As inflation dips and the…)
The rapid decline in inflation in the past 4-5 months is good news for everybody, but debt fund investors should be particularly happy. Consumer inflation is now below the RBI's January 2015 target of 8% and very close to its January 2016 target of 6%, raising hopes that the apex bank will cut interest rates.
Most experts believe rates will be cut by 50-100 basis points in the next one year. If interest rates are cut, the prices of long-term bonds shoot up. Mutual funds that have lined their portfolios with long-term bonds benefit the most.
In addition to falling inflation, the RBI is also under pressure to cut interest rates because the economic growth is refusing to pick up. In August, the index of industrial production rose by 0.4%. The government has also joined the clamour for a rate cut.
In an interview last week, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said, "Now that inflation seems to be stabilising, the time seems to have come to moderate interest rates."
The market has already begun factoring in a fall in inflation and a subsequent rate cut. The benchmark 10-year bond yield is now at 8.3%, down from a high of over 9% in April this year.
This has pushed up the returns of debt funds. Several long-term gilt funds have generated terrific returns in the past 3-6 months (see tables). Experts say this is a good time to get into these long-term debt funds to reap maximum gains from the bond rally.
Says Vikram Dalal, managing director, Synergee Capital Services: "Long duration funds are a good option now and one can expect 14-15% return from them in the next one year."
Though a rate cut is on the cards, several international and domestic considerations will be at play before the RBI governor, Raghuram Rajan, makes his move. Experts believe that the first rate cut will not happen before April next year. Says Dwijendra Srivastava, chief investment officer (debt), Sundaram Mutual Fund: "The RBI may wait for more policy reform measures before it starts acting."
The RBI is keeping a hawk eye on four major factors. First, the expected interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve and its impact on global markets, especially on the Indian rupee.
The concerns over the withdrawal of the Fed's bond-buying stimulus programme had resulted in a major upheaval in 2013, with the rupee plunging to close to 70 against the US dollar. This had forced the RBI to increase rates and take other restrictive measures.
The second is inflationary pressure. The wholesale and consumer inflation are down due to a drastic fall in global crude prices and a high base effect, which is expected to wane by the end of this month. This will translate into a slight uptick in inflation from December onwards. The RBI will act only after assessing the December inflation numbers. The apex bank will also keep a close watch on the government measures to reduce supply side problems.
While the diesel decontrol was aimed at reducing the fiscal subsidy and, therefore, was a welcome step, the government is yet to take a call on other petroleum products, such as LPG and kerosene. The Union Budget in February 2015 will be the other major event that would determine the rate cut decision. The fiscal deficit target for 2014-15 is optimistic, more so because tax collections are lagging behind the target.
"The RBI may also wait for clearer fiscal numbers before getting into the cutting mode," says Kunal Shah, fund manager, debt, Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance. Therefore, don't expect a rate cut before the April review.
 
No fear of a rate hike
While the market also knows that the rate cut may not happen immediately, it has discounted fears of a rate hike. Says Shah: "The probability of a 25 bps rate hike has gone down from around 25% three months ago to around 10% now."
The other factor pulling down bond yields is the improvement in the government's financial position. Says A Balasubramanian, CEO, Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund: "The supply of government securities will reduce if the Centre sticks with its fiscal deficit figures. It may not be necessary for the government to borrow big time in the fourth quarter of 2014-15."
The 10-year government bond yield has fallen by more than 40 basis points in the past four months (see chart). Then there is the slowdown in credit growth. With very few borrowers, banks have been forced to park their money in government securities and thereby increasing its demand. The large inflow of FII funds to the Indian debt market is also pulling down the yields.
With the currency remaining stable in the Rs60-62 range, most of this money is flowing to India to benefit the interest rate arbitrage. After exhausting the government securities limit, this money has now started flowing into the corporate bond market. "The RBI may be forced to cut rates and reduce the rate difference if the Indian markets are not able to absorb large inflow of arbitrage funds," says Srivastava.
Medium or long-duration bonds

Guess which Indian city is one of Asias worst airportsTip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more...
Sun 7 Dec, 2014, 4:17 PM IST - India Markets closed
The ten worst airports in Asia
Chennai International Airport has featured in The Guide to Sleeping in Airports' list of Worst Airports for the third consecutive year in a row.
In 2012, along with Chennai, New Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata too had been rated poorly. But this year, no other airport from India has featured on this list.
Here's a look at Asia's worst aiports in 2014
Prev Next
10. Chennai International Airport, India
Chennai airport continues to aggravate travellers with its lack of cleanliness, its long queues and its serious lack of comfortable seating. The new International and Domestic Terminals have both experienced incidents of ceiling collapses.
10. Chennai International Airport, India
Chennai airport continues to aggravate travellers with its lack of cleanliness, its long queues and its serious lack of comfortable seating. The new International and Domestic Terminals have both experienced incidents of ceiling collapses.
Movies are a great source of inspiration, and while there is no dearth of good fictional movies, what … More » Seven film biographies to inspire every entrepreneur
Today on Yahoo
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

9 killed in landslides in southwest China9 killed in landslides in southwest China
PTI
Beijing, Nov 3:  
Nine people have been killed in landslides that struck southwest China’s Yunnan province last week.
Nine people were buried as the disaster hit Xiaoxin Village in Dongchuan District of the provincial capital Kunming City last Tuesday, the district’s publicity department said.
Two bodies were recovered earlier, while seven were retrieved later during the week, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Canadian warplanes launch first airstrike inIraqPrint
By: Associated Press | Toronto | Posted: November 3, 2014 10:31 am
Canadian warplanes involved in the US-led bombing campaign against militants in Iraq have launched their first airstrikes since deploying to the region.
A statement from Defense Minister Rob Nicholson’s office on Sunday said two fighter jets attacked targets in the vicinity of Fallujah with laser-guided bombs and safely returned to their base in Kuwait. Few other details were immediately released.
Canada has deployed six CF-18s along with a C-150 Polaris and two CP-140 Aurora surveillance aircraft as its contribution to the bombing campaign against the Islamic State group, which has seized large parts of Iraq and Syria. About Canadian 600 airmen and airwomen are involved.
Following a request from the US, Canada’s Parliament voted last month to authorise the airstrikes. The motion authorised air strikes in Iraq for up to six months and explicitly stated that no ground troops be used in combat operations.
Canada is among dozens of countries that have joined the US-led coalition fighting the Islamic State group.

Aptel delivers Adani Power a technicalknockoutThe Appellate Tribunal for Electricity (Aptel) delivered a technical knockout to 1,424 MW Adani Power. (Reuters)
New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 10:19 am
The Appellate Tribunal for Electricity (Aptel) delivered a technical knockout to 1,424 MW Adani Power over the weekend, quite similar to the one it delivered against 4,000 MW Coast Gujarat Power Limited (Tata Power) on September 15. The main case about giving compensatory tariffs to the two companies, however, continues in Aptel.
Given the 18-month delay in the case already, a quick resolution is not expected, putting further strain on both Tata Power and Adani Power. Tata Power’s consolidated losses in the three months to June, 2014 were R111 crore and the firm did not take into any compensatory tariff.
Adani Power reported a loss of R179.72 crore in Q1FY15, despite accounting for compensatory tariff, in its stand-alone accounts, of R260 crore during the quarter.
After the Indonesian government changed its rules on exporting coal by imposing a minimum export price in September 2010, both Adani and Tata approached the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) asking for relief on grounds of ‘force majeure’ and ‘change of law’.
CERC, however, rejected both on April 4 last year, arguing that changes in Indonesian law cannot be considered ‘force majeure’.
It, however, ordered compensatory tariffs based on Section 61 and 79 of the Electricity Act. While Section 79 gives CERC the power to regulate, Section 61 says CERC has to safeguard the consumer interest while at the same time ensure ‘recovery of the cost of electricity in a reasonable manner’. The compensatory tariff, determined by a Deepak Parekh-led committee took into account the extra money earned by the companies from their mines in Indonesia as a result of the higher coal export price.
The discoms in Haryana, Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Gujarat, however, challenged the CERC ruling at Aptel which, while asking for current charges to be paid based on the new CERC formula, said it would take a call on past dues. Haryana challenged this in the Supreme Court which remanded the matter back to Aptel with instructions to hear the case afresh.
With the case in the Supreme Court, both Tata and Adani challenged the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission’s (CERC) rejection of ‘force majeure’ and ‘change of law’ in Aptel as a matter of caution — if Aptel rejected the CERC compensatory tariff, they must have reasoned, they could possibly resurrect their ‘force majeure’ petition.
With Aptel rejecting this part of the challenge against the CERC ruling, Tata has already appealed the matter in the Supreme Court and Adani Power will likely follow suit soon.
At the same time, the CERC ruling on compensatory tariff is currently being heard by Aptel and, whatever the ruling, that will end up in the Supreme Court as well.
(fe Bureau)

Sensex in red after making fresh highs; GAIL down 5%; top stocksSensex pares gains after hitting record highs; top fifteen stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
BPCL
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared gains after hitting fresh record high of 27,969.82 in trade on Monday, as investors preferred to book profits at higher levels. The fall in the index was led by losses in M&M, RIL, HDFC and HDFC Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also pared gains after hitting a fresh record high of 8350.60, weighed down by losses in autos, banks, consumer durable and oil & gas stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,804.21, down 61 points or 0.22 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 27,969.82 and an intraday low of 27,789.40 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8,305.30, down 16 points or 0.20 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 8,350.60 and an intraday low of 8,297.70 in early trade.
"Nifty closed at all-time high at 8322. Nifty future closed at a premium of 33 points indicating long carry forward. In October expiry, both derivative volume and open interest has increased indicating more participation," SMC Capital Ltd.
"Nifty is expected to remain in the range of 8200-8400 levels this week with positive bias. The options concentration continues to be at 8000-strike put option with an open interest of above 50 lakh shares," added the report. This is followed by the 8400-strike call option with above 30 lakh shares.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
Union Bank of India: State-run Union Bank of India said its net profit rose 78 per cent to Rs 371 crore in the three months to September, driven by lower provisioning and income tax write-back.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 225.90.
IOC, HPCL, BPCL: Petrol is cheaper by Rs 2.41 per litre from Saturday and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre which is its first price reduction by state-run retailers after the government allowed them to align its pump prices with the international oil market.
At 10:00 a.m.; IOC was trading 1.7 per cent higher at Rs 370, HPCL was up 2.1 per cent and BPCL was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 730.35.
IGL: Indraprastha Gas Ltd, the sole retailer of CNG in Delhi, today said it is not revising rates despite input cost going up.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.6 per cent lower at Rs 388.35.
Cairn India Ltd: Cairn India said it has started to inject polymer into wells to raise output from its largest oil field in the prolific Rajasthan block, Mangala.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 284.65.
Godrej Consumer Products Ltd: The maker of Cinthol soap and Good Knight mosquito repellent, said fiscal second quarter stand-alone profit rose 21.7%, in line with analyst estimates.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 981.25.
DCB: Having got promoters' shareholding down to 16.4 per cent following a Rs 250-crore QIP issue, private-sector DCB Bank has said it will be approaching the Reserve Bank again seeking more time to bring it further to the mandated 10 per cent
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.8 per cent lower at Rs 88.80.
Ranbaxy Laboratories: The drug firm on Friday said Luxembourg Stock Exchange (LSE) will delist the company's Global Depository Receipts programme with effect from December 15.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 634.40.
Tata Chemicals Ltd: State-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has reduced its stake in Tata Chemicals by over two per cent by selling 52.87 lakh shares in the open market.
  At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent higher at Rs 411.50.
Godrej Properties Ltd: Real estate private equity firm Milestone Capital Advisors has sold its entire stake in Godrej Properties residential project Godrej Prakriti in Kolkata for Rs 200 crore. The exit is valued at 2.3 times of the fund's earlier investment that was made five years ago, said two persons familiar with the development.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.5 per cent higher at Rs 249.50.
Infosys Ltd: Software giant Infosys has pulled out of its proposed software development centre at an information technology park near the Bengaluru international airport.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 4100.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: Country's largest car-maker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) on Saturday reported a 1.1 percent decline in total sales in October at 1,03,973 units as against 1,05,087 units in the same month last year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 3294.25.
M&M Ltd: Auto major Mahindra & Mahindra today reported a 15.39 per cent decline in total sales at 42,776 units in October. It had sold 50,558 units in the same month last year, the company said in a statement.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.5 per cent lower at Rs 1270.75.
TVS Motor Company: The two-wheeler maker reported a 22 per cent increase in its total sales at 2,41,044 units in October 2014. The Chennai-based company had sold 1,97,905 units in the same month last year, TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.4 per cent higher at Rs 265.85.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swachh Bharat: See the same spots that provided photo op a month agoComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan', his first major social campaign since assuming office, on October 2 for a filth-free India.
Seeking to set an example by working the broom on Mahatma Gandhi’s 145th birthday, Modi called upon every Indian to realise Gandhi’s dream of clean surroundings and brought a fading Gandhian ideal back into public imagination.
The Rs. 62,000-crore campaign, India's biggest cleanliness drive, will cover over 4,000 towns in the next five years. The government's objective, however, is to make it a pan-Indian mission, one under which every individual is a stakeholder.   
The campaign has completed a month. HT took to the streets to find out whether Swachh Bharat has truly caught on or become yet another instance of lip service.
Below are a few picture of places that were cleaned on October 2, and the same places on November 1.
See for yourself and be the judge of where Swacch Bharat stands.
Mandir Marg, New Delhi
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Mandir Marg during the launch of Swachh Bharat campaign, in Delhi. (PTI Photo)
Mandir Marg seen after a month. (Mohd. Zakir/HT Photo)
Dadar beach, Mumbai
VJTI College students participate in cleanliness campaign at Dadar Beach. (Kunal Patil/HT Photo)
Dadar Beach after one month. (Prodip Guha/HT Photo)
Jantar Mantar, New Delhi
Dr Mahesh Chaturvedi, dressed as Mahatma Gandhi, sweeps a street near Jantar Mantar, New Delhi, on October 2. (Raj K Raj/HT Photo)
Jantar Mantar seen after a month.  (Mohd. Zakir/ HT Photo)
Jaipur, Rajasthan
DGP Omendra Bharadwaj and senior police officials participate in the cleanliness drive in Jaipur, Rajasthan, on October 2. (HT Photo)
Garbage littered at the place after a month. (Himanshu Vyas/HT Photo)
Krishnapura Chhatri, Indore
BJP MLA Usha Thakur (centre) sweeping the floor at Krishnapura Chhatri premises in Indore, Madhya Pradesh, on October 2.  (Arun  Mondhe/HT Photo)
 
Krishnapura Chhatri premise on November 1. (Arun  Mondhe/HT Photo)
CST railway station, Mumbai
Minsiter of state for railways Manoj Sinha at CST railway station in Mumbai on October 2.(Anshuman Poyrekar/HT Photo)
CST railway station after a month. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT Photo)
Indore, Bhopal
A lane near Patanipura square in Indore on October 2. (Amit K Jaiswal/HT Photo)
The same lane as seen after a month. (Shankar Mourya/HT Photo)

Are smart homes a better investment for your lifestyleCan Smart Homes Improve Lifestyle?
By CommonFloor | CommonFloor.com –  Fri 19 Sep, 2014 2:46 PM IST
Home Improvement Guide
Procedures That Cannot Be Ignored While Buying a Property
CommonFloor.com
Worldwide, the smart home market is predicted to cross the $44 billion mark in the next five years. Contrary to the popular belief, smart homes are no more a luxury service or a concept, even in a developing country such as India. As more and more people become aware of their carbon footprints and prefer a green lifestyle, the demand as well as supply of green homes is likely to receive a further boost in our country.
There is no denying the fact that smart homes make life easier, ensure safety of your family members and increase energy-efficiency. And all these mentioned factors have a huge impact on the lifestyle of a family. Let us discuss in detail how a smart home can make a huge positive impact on your lifestyle.
Enhances security of your home
Security is one of the most critical component of any smart home technology, and it is undoubtedly the most popular feature among potential as well as existing smart home owners. The most appealing aspect of any smart home is that it gives you complete peace of mind in regards to the safety of your family members, and this holds true even if you are not in the vicinity of your home; all you need to do is to log in to your smart phone or laptop or tab to check if all the doors and windows are locked and to secure it with a simple click or the push of a button. Not only that, many smart homes are automatic and thus lock doors and windows automatically as you walk out of the home and even unlock automatically as you approach the door.
Controls lighting and ambiance
Smart homes not only cut down your energy and water bills, but also control the lighting and ambience of your interiors, making it ideal and befitting for that time of the day. For instance, dim lights are activated in the morning to help you slowly wake up; similarly, depending on your preferred settings, you can opt for automatic romantic lights and ambiance in the evenings. All this without you having to even control a remote.
Instant life-saving alerts
Burglary, fire and carbon monoxide poisoning are some of the threats that can endanger the life of your loved ones in your home. Smart homes are adept in sending life-saving alerts to home-owners, thus warning you in advance of the possible danger. These alerts are sent instantly to your preferred device such as smart phone or laptop as soon as the smoke is detected or if the security is breached by a third-person or group. This real time technology gives you enough time to react and take appropriate action to protect your family.
Smart homes certainly improve the lifestyle of home-owners; no wonder that the demand for smart homes is on a constant rise. However, it is still a prerogative of the privileged section of the society as the price of smart homes is considerably higher than non-automated homes.
Buy, Sell, Rent & Manage your property at: CommonFloor.com
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Are Low Crude Oil Prices Here To StayAre Low Crude Oil Prices Here To Stay
Battle over norms for quadricycles takes a bitter turnHi Guest
Battle over norms for quadricycles takes a bitter turn
Photograph: Courtesy, Indian Autos Blog.   At present, there are many vehicles that weigh close to the proposed increased weight of 600 kg. The battle over norms for quadricycles has taken a bitter turn, with Bajaj Auto Managing Director Rajiv Bajaj lashing out at some leading automobile companies for approaching the government with a plea to increase the cap on these vehicles' weight from 450 kg to 600 kg.  Bajaj Auto is the country's only automobile manufacturer that already has a ...

Three killed  seven injured as bus overturns in MoradabadThree killed  seven injured as bus overturns in Moradabad
System to help Virgin spaceship descend deployed early: NTSBSystem to help Virgin spaceship descend deployed early: NTSB
Airline shares higher as fuel prices fallAirline shares higher as fuel prices fall
Edit: SC  don t hinder govt s efforts on black moneyEdit: SC  don t hinder govt s efforts on black money
Eye 2.81% NIM by March 2015: Karnataka BankEye 2.81% NIM by March 2015: Karnataka Bank
Sensex  Nifty trade lower after hitting record highSensex  Nifty trade lower after hitting record high
India manufacturing PMI expands modestly to 51.6 in OctoberIndia manufacturing PMI expands modestly to 51.6 in October
DLF shares fall after CAG report on Robert Vadra s Haryana land dealsDLF shares fall after CAG report on Robert Vadra s Haryana land deals
Why it is increasingly important for physical retailers to upgrade themselves(Some of India’s oldest…)
By Arvind Singhal
About a year ago, many — that included some of India's largest organized retailers — were in near denial that India would feel the impact of e-tailing in the near future. Today, the pendulum has swung to the other extreme. Some of India's oldest and largest brick-and-mortar retailers believe that the newly arrived e-tailers are their biggest threat now. Various associations that represent the interests of India's over 16-million independent retailers are now actively lobbying against etailers, including India's homegrown ones. The same associations had long reserved their vitriol only for multinational retailers despite the fact that the top-three organized retail businesses in India, each having revenues in excess of Rs 15,000 crore in 2014, are Indian owned while the largest multinational retailer in India is struggling to cross even Rs 1,000 crore in revenues.
India's current consumer spending on merchandise (and hence the size of India's retail market) is about $525 billion. If India sees a real compound annual growth rate (CAGR) in the next 10 years, and the consumer price inflation remains around 6% CAGR in the same period, India's merchandise retail spending will touch about $1,100 billion by 2020, and $2,100 billion by 2025. It is easy to see what is driving this strong growth in retail consumption — a relatively young population, convergence in lifestyle aspirations across urban and rural India and rise of dual (or multiple) income households especially in urban India.
Consumption Patterns
To better understand the current and future impact of e-tail on India's physical retailers, it is important to gain a measure of what India is currently consuming and how that consumption is split between rural and urban populations.
As the chart Retail Consumption Across Key Categories shows, even 10 years from now, almost two-thirds of India's retail spending (not total consumer spending because that also includes services such as housing, healthcare, transportation, education etc) is on food, followed by about 9% on apparel, then jewellery, and then consumer electronics, including mobile handsets.
Of this retail spending, rural India (spread across over 6,60,000 villages) accounts for almost 52%. Even by 2025, rural spending would still account for 43% of spending (see Distribution of Consumer Goods Spending). India will see very strong growth in all channels of retail: the traditional independents, the modern corporatized chains, and e-tailing not only in the coming 10 years but indeed, even much beyond that. Those who fear for the demise of traditional retail from corporatized retail (whether Indian or foreign owned) and now from e-tail will do well to note that Indians who are currently consuming merchandise worth $479 billion from independent mom-and-pop stores will consume more than four times (goods worth about $2,125 billion) from these stores by 2025. The corporatized retailers do not have much to fear either and they are likely to increase their own collective revenues (only from physical stores) from about $46 billion today to over $100 billion (excluding e-tail) by 2020 and perhaps over $345 billion (physical retail and e-tail) by 2025.
As far as e-tailing is concerned, notwithstanding its immense appeal for the metros and other parts of urban India, and notwithstanding its visible impact in select categories such as mobile phones and consumer durables, it will continue to have a fairly small share of the overall retail spending in India even after 10 years (see Current and Future Impact of E-tailing in India).
Negligible Share
To put simply, if seen only from the perspective of a few categories such as consumer electronics, apparel and footwear, furniture and home furnishings, and a few others (and that too largely in the top 15-20 cities and for products targeted towards the middle and upper-middle-income socio-economic strata), there is already a measurable impact of e-tail channel on physical stores in 2014. And no doubt, this will become more significant by 2025. However, if seen from the overall consumer spending perspective, the share of the e-tail channel by 2020 is expected to be around 3% on a net sales value (and perhaps 4% by gross merchandise value) and no more than 10% by 2025.
Having said this, it is important for physical retailers (especially those located in these top 15-20 cities) to make a serious effort to upgrade themselves. The upgrade should include improvements in the physical look and feel of the stores, offering a better shopping experience to consumers, training and retraining of store staff to offer better services, and aligning their merchandise more sharply to their specific customer profiles.
Physical retailers (independent ones) should also put more effort in knowing their consumer better and deploy basic technology to connect with them for sharing with them information on new arrivals and promotions . This connect could be even through SMS and then wherever possible, through e-mails. Such measures, as their e-commerce rivals have shown, work wonders.
The writer is chairman and managing director of Technopak, a retail consultancy
FEATURED ARTICLES

Now  TN coast may be bracing for a cyclone next weekNow, TN coast may be bracing for a cyclone next week
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, October 31:  
Erstwhile Arabian Sea cyclone Nilofar may have died out, but it is now the turn of the Bay of Bengal to come up with its own, the second during this North-East monsoon, by next week.
India Met Department has signalled the formation of a fresh low-pressure area in the southwest Bay of Bengal off the Sri Lanka and adjoining Tamil Nadu coasts by Saturday.
TN, likely target
The Met has refrained from giving indication in its bulletin, but wind field projections suggest that a tropical cyclone could be building up here next week.
Most international models surveyed concurred, with the European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts upgrading its projection of a likely depression to one that of a full-blown cyclone.
While a majority of the models seemed to suggest the Nagapattinam-Cuddalore-Puducherry belt along Tamil Nadu as a probable landfall area, the European Centre begged to differ.
Its early projections are pointing to Visakhapatnam and neighbourhood, the same area ravaged by very severe cyclone Hudhud, where the building cyclone will cross over by November 9/10.
Varying projections
The US Climate Prediction Centre sees both the Sri Lankan and adjoining south Tamil Nadu coasts being threatened by the cyclone.
It may interact with a passing western disturbance that digs deep into south to trigger rains over central India and adjoining southeast Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.
Another model said that the cyclone may not hit the Indian coast but will be driven away by the western disturbance towards Myanmar/Bangladesh.
Yet another model saw the cyclone remnant traversing the peninsula and landing up in the Arabian Sea off Mangalore-Konkan where it will regenerate as a ‘low.’
Passing MJO wave
The fresh cyclone threat flows from the inferred eastward movement of a supportive Madden-Julian Oscillation (MJO) wave from west Arabian Sea and equatorial Indian Ocean.
The MJO wave had earlier precipitated the formation of very severe cyclone Nilofar in the Arabian Sea by influencing cloud formation in the lower atmosphere.
The MJO wave is also precipitating monsoon onsets over stretches of sea directly purveyed while on transit.
Interestingly, the wave will tick off activity in the west Pacific along concurrently with the Bay of Bengal. Models indicate the formation of a typhoon in the west Pacific off the Philippines.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Sebi May Announce New Insider Trading Norms Next Week: ReportIndia Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
New Delhi: In its efforts to make listed companies more responsible towards investors, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) may announce new insider trading norms as early as next week and also revamp the listing as well as delisting regulations.
The changes are being made after taking into account suggestions made by the industry and other stakeholders - including market entities and investors - and are aimed at protecting the interest of minority investors without making the regulatory compliance cumbersome for the companies.
These new norms - to check insider trading menace, to enforce better compliance to continuous listing regulations and to revamp delisting norms for a faster and easier process for those desiring to delist from the stock market - will be put up for approval of Sebi's board in its next meeting.
Sources said that the final sets of regulations in all these areas may be in place this month itself, beginning as early as next week.
The proposed tightening of norms assumes significance in the wake of Sebi coming across cases of insider trading at not just small companies, but at big corporates as well.
Besides, another set of new regulations would help Sebi take prompter and stricter action against the entities found to be violating listing norms.
"We are revising our prevention of insider trading regulations because we have discovered cases... unfortunately the cases are not just from small companies but also from big ones," Sebi Chairman U K Sinha recently said.
The new insider trading norms, which would replace nearly two-decade-old rules in this area, would be substantially based on recommendations of an expert committee constituted by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and the suggestions made thereafter to this panel's draft proposals.
The panel, chaired by former Chief Justice of Karnataka and Kerala High Courts, K Sodhi, was set up to review the Sebi (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992.
The new listing regulations would focus on dealing with possible violations of corporate governance norms by listed firms, including those about inadequate or faulty disclosures, related party transactions, anomalies in board constitutions.
Besides the Sodhi panel, Sebi's International Advisory Board (IAB) has also suggested significant changes in insider trading norms to bring them at par with global best practices.
Insider trading - dealing in securities with prior access to unpublished price-sensitive information - has been attracting regulatory attention worldwide. However, certain outdated provisions of existing norms have been misused by the offenders to escape regulatory action.
The new norms can also put in place specific guidelines for holding of AGMs, about which Sebi Chairman recently said that there was a need for better governance practices at listed companies and shareholders' meetings should not be like "chai and samosa parties".
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 13:53 (IST)

Finance Ministry to Meet Top Bankers on Jan Dhan Scheme: ReportAction Jackson: Day 2 Box Office Review
New Delhi: The Finance Ministry has called a meeting of the heads of banks on November 5 to review the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, the government's flagship financial inclusion programme.
Department of Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu will review on Wednesday the progress of PMJDY and discuss various issues pertaining to the programme including broadband connectivity in far flung areas, sources said.
Top officials of state-owned telecom firm BSNL, National Payments Corporation of India, National Informatics Centre, Reserve Bank of India, IBA and Nabard will also attend the meeting.
There will also be deliberations on account opening, free insurance with Rupay Card, Rupay card issuance financial literacy and last mile connectivity among others.
As on October 22, a total of 6.47 crore accounts have been opened with a deposit of Rs 4,813.59 crore.
In order to spread financial inclusion, banks have been asked to open 7.5 crore accounts by January 26. PMJDY scheme envisages to provide one account to 15 crore unbanked households across the country in the first phase.
Launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on August 28, the Jan Dhan scheme is a national mission on financial inclusion encompassing an integrated approach to bring about comprehensive financial inclusion of all the households in the country.
The programme envisages universal access to banking facilities with at least one basic banking account for every household, financial literacy, access to credit, insurance and pension facility.
The main features of the PMJDY scheme include Rs 5,000 overdraft facility for Aadhar-linked accounts, RuPay Debit Card with inbuilt Rs 1 lakh accident insurance cover.
Besides, account holders under the scheme will get life insurance cover of Rs 30,000. This was additional benefit announced by the Prime Minister during the launch of the scheme.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 15:45 (IST)

PF Body to Seek Clarity on Transaction Limit in Jan Dhan Scheme: ReportRBI Doubles Pre-Paid Card Limit to Rs 1 Lakh
New Delhi: The Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) will soon approach the Finance Ministry on the transaction limit of Rs 1 lakh for accounts opened under the Jan Dhan Yojana, a financial inclusion scheme by the government, as it cannot credit PF claims of higher amounts in such accounts.
The retirement fund body has found that it would be unable to credit PF withdrawals of more than Rs 1 lakh to bank accounts opened under the Jan Dhan scheme which are being seeded with universal PF account Numbers (UAN).
During a recent review meeting chaired by EPFO's Central Provident Fund Commissioner, K K Jalan, a senior official said the limits applicable to Jan-Dhan bank accounts were discussed, and it was pointed out that more clarity is required with regard to PF transfers.
A maximum of Rs 1 lakh can be deposited in such bank accounts in a financial year.
According to the official, using such accounts for KYC seeding may create operational problems if the payment to be made to members exceeds the specified limit (Rs 1 lakh).
According to the minutes of the meeting, Mr Jalan has asked officials to make a formal reference to the issue so that it could be taken up with the Department of Financial Services, under the Finance Ministry.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had launched UAN on October 16. This portable PF account number can be used by a subscriber from any part of the country throughout his/her life.
UAN will be a big tool of social security in the hands of over 5 crore workers in organised sectors as they can get update on PF contribution on real time basis. Besides, they would not have to apply for transfer of PF account on changing jobs.
Since EPFO has recently made it mandatory to seed bank accounts with UAN, subscribers are opening accounts under PMJDY and providing those for seeding with their allotted UAN.
PMJDY is a National Mission for financial inclusion to ensure access to financial services including savings and deposit accounts, remittance, credit, insurance and pension in an affordable manner.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 16:58 (IST)

Tax casts shadow over Dublins tech fairNovember 2, 2014 12:12 pm
Tax casts shadow over Dublin’s tech fair
Vincent Boland in Dublin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5fb7a296-610e-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tata Steel Proposes to Revise Package for Gopalpur ProjectYou are here: Home Corporates
Tata Steel Proposes to Revise Package for Gopalpur Project
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 02, 2014 20:08 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
Berhampur, Odisha: Tata Steel has proposed to revise the compensation package for families displaced by its Gopalpur project in Ganjam district.
"We have submitted a fresh compensation package to Odisha government. The package will be announced after the government gives its go-ahead," vice-president of the project Arun Mishra said here on Saturday.
In 1996, people of Sindhigaon, Badapaur, Patrapur, Kalipalli and Paikapada villages near Gopalpur were displaced when the company acquired 2,970 acres for the then proposed shore-based mega steel plant. People of eight other villages were affected by the project, officials said.
The Tatas later shelved the project and decided to set up an industrial park and multi-product special economic zone (SEZ). Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik laid the stone of the proposed park in August 2010.
The delay in execution of the project has led to the discontent among the displaced. Besides a special package in tune with the Resettlement and Rehabilitation (R&R) Policy, they are demanding permanent job to one member of every affected family.
Tata Rehabilitation Village Development Committee had submitted a memorandum to Tata Group's chairman Cyrus P Mistry during his visit to the area on September 2. It had demanded Rs 15 lakh compensation each to the affected families and fresh enumeration of those displaced by the project.
"The company will formulate a recruitment policy and submit it to the district administration. A skill development centre will be set up in the district to train local youths," Mr Misra said.
He said the Gopalpur project was a priority for the company.
"We'll be setting up a ferro chrome plan of 55,000 tonne per annum capacity, as an anchor project in the proposed park at a cost of Rs 400 crore. The plant is likely to start operation by March 2015," Mr Misra said.
Around 350 people would get direct and indirect employment opportunities from the plant, he said.
"Another ferro chorme plant of 2.4 lakh ton per annum capacity will be set up at same place for which environment clearance has been sought."
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 19:34 (IST)

Assets of India s Financial Institutions Touch $2.8 Trillion: ReportAction Jackson: Day 2 Box Office Review
New Delhi: Total value of assets held by India's financial institutions touched nearly $2.8 trillion - the third largest among BRICS nations - in 2013, according to a report.
Way ahead, neighbouring China's financial institutions held assets to the tune of $34.43 trillion last year, the Financial Stability Board (FSB) has said.
BRICS grouping constitutes Brazil, Russia India, China and South Africa.
As per the figures compiled by the FSB, the value of assets of financial institutions in India touched $2.79 trillion last year.
After China, among BRICS nations, Brazil is at the second spot with such assets worth $4.91 trillion.
Russia's financial institutions held assets to the tune of $2.75 trillion while that of South Africa touched $1.06 trillion.
In the case of India, the total value of assets held by financial institutions in 2013 was the lowest as compared to the preceding two years. In 2012, the same stood at $2.90 trillion which was higher than $2.83 trillion recorded in 2011.
According to the FSB, the figures may differ from similar statistics published by national/regional authorities due to differences in definitions.
These statistics are part of its recently released Global Shadow Banking Monitoring Report 2014.
In the report that covers many countries, financial institutions have been classified into as many as seven categories.
With regard to India, the maximum amount of assets - to the tune of $1.68 trillion - was held by 'banks' last year.
Broader category of deposit-taking institutions is referred to as 'banks' in this report.
Among others, 'Other Financial Intermediaries (OFIs) held assets to the tune of $335.1 billion while those of insurance companies stood at $310.8 billion.
A global grouping, FSB has been established to co-ordinate work of national financial authorities and international standard setting bodies to promote effective regulatory, supervisory and other financial sector policies.
Going by its report, global shadow banking assets climbed by $5 trillion to $75 trillion last year, with euro area and the US accounting for one-third of the total.
Broadly, shadow banking refers to credit intermediation involving entities and activities outside of the regular banking system.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 20:14 (IST)

Government Notifies 33% Gas Price Hike; CNG Prices RaisedYou are here: Home Economy
Government Notifies 33 Per Cent Gas Price Hike; CNG Prices Raised
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 02, 2014 20:06 (IST)
Bank of America Sees 0.25% Rate Cut by RBI in February
New Delhi: The government has notified a 33 per cent hike in natural gas prices, which have led to a steep increase in CNG rates in states like Maharashtra and Gujarat.
The Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas on Friday issued a notification for implementation of new pricing guidelines for all domestically produced natural gas effective from November 1.
"The gas price, determined, under these guidelines would be applicable to all gas produced from nomination fields given to ONGC and Oil India, New Exploration and Licensing Policy (NELP) blocks, such pre-NELP blocks where, the Production Sharing Contract (PSC) provides for government approval of gas prices and coal-bed methane (CBM) block," the notification said.
In a separate order, the ministry's pricing arm said, "The price of domestic natural gas for the period November 1, 2014 to March 31, 2015 is given hereunder: $5.05 per million British thermal unit on Gross Calorific Value (GCV) basis."
This price translates into a price of $5.61 per mmBtu on Net Calorific Value (NCV) basis, the same basis on which the previous rate of $4.2 per mmBtu was decided.
The heat generated by burning of fuel is measured in calorific value basis.
The price hike led to steep increase in compressed natural gas (CNG) rates in Maharashtra and Gujarat.
Mahanagar Gas Ltd, which retails CNG and piped cooking gas in Mumbai, hiked CNG prices by Rs 4.50 per kg to Rs 43.45. Similarly, it also raised tariff for piped natural gas (PNG) supplied to households for cooking purposes by Rs 2.49 to Rs 26.58 per cubic meters.
In Ahmedabad, state government-owned GSPC Gas, Adani Gas and Sabarmati Gas hiked CNG prices by up to Rs 4 per kg to Rs 48.50 per kg, Rs 48.20 a kg and Rs 48.09 per kg respectively.
Gujarat Gas hiked prices by Rs 1.80 per kg to Rs 48.50.
Adani Gas is also planning to raise rates by Rs 3 per kg for CNG it retails in Faridabad, a city that borders national capital.
However, Indraprastha Gas Ltd, the sole retailer of CNG and PNG in the national capital, decided not to raise rates despite input cost going up.
"In spite of revision in domestic gas prices announced by the government with effect from November 1, 2014, IGL has decided not to revise the retail price of CNG and domestic PNG in the interest of its consumers in Delhi, Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad," IGL managing director Narendra Kumar said.
Industry sources said, IGL, which is a private firm controlled by state-owned GAIL and BPCL and Delhi government, is likely to hold rates till BJP is able to cobble a government in the national capital or till fresh assembly elections are held.
IGL is likely to incur about Rs 100 crore loss for holding prices, they said.
For RIL's flagging D1&D3 gas fields in KG-D6 block, where output should have been 80 mmscmd but is languishing at less than 8 mmscmd, the notification said the current $4.2 per mmBtu rate will continue to apply.
Consumers will, however, pay the revised increased price but RIL will get only $4.2 per mmBtu with the difference being deposited in an escrow account.
RIL will get the higher rates if it is legally able to prove that it did not deliberately cut production and output fall was a result of geological reasons as it claims.
"The matter relating to cost recovery on account of shortfall in envisaged production from D1, D3 discoveries of Block KG-DWN-98/3 (KG-D6) is under arbitration."
"The difference between the price, determined under these guidelines converted to NCV basis and the present price ($4.2 per mmBtu), would be credited to the gas pool account maintained by GAIL and whether the amount so collected is payable or not, to the contractors of this blocks, would be dependent on the outcome of the award of pending arbitration and any attendant legal proceedings," it said.
Higher gas prices would increase the expense of running power stations and fertiliser plants, raising infrastructure and food costs and accelerating the rate of inflation. Every dollar increase in gas price will lead to a Rs 1,370 per tonne rise in urea production cost and a 45 paise per unit increase in electricity tariff (for just the 7 per cent of the nation's power generation capacity based on gas).
Also, there would be a minimum Rs 2.81 per kg increase in CNG price and a Rs 1.89 per standard cubic metre hike in piped cooking gas.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 13:20 (IST)

Peshmerga Fighters Boost Kurds In Battle For KobaniPeshmerga Fighters Bring Weapons To Kobani, Prepare To Battle ISIS
 | By                                                                ELENA BECATOROS and BASSEM MROUE
Posted:
Updated:
11/01/2014 11:59 am EDT
Kurdish peshmerga fighters  gesture and wave a Kurdish flag from a military vehicle armed with a heavy infantry weapon as they ride towards the Syrian town of Kobane, also known as Ain al-Arab, from the border town of Suruc, in the Turkish southeastern Sanliurfa province, on October 31, 2014. (STRINGER/AFP/Getty Images) | STRINGER via Getty Images
reddit
MURSITPINAR, Turkey (AP) — Iraqi peshmerga fighters prepared Saturday to battle Islamic State group militants in the Syrian border town of Kobani, just hours after they arrived in a town that's become a focal point in the battle against the extremists.
The force brought in badly needed heavy weapons including artillery, heavy machine guns and anti-tank missiles, material that could tip the balance of power in favor of the embattled Kurds fighting there.
The deployment came as Syria's al-Qaida-linked Nusra Front scored a major victory against a moderate rebel faction, capturing their headquarters as well as the mountainous strategic region of Jabal al-Zawiya in the northwestern province of Idlib. Jabal al-Zawiya was one of the first areas to fall out of President Bashar Assad's control after the uprising against his government began in March 2011.
The push in Idlib against the moderate rebel faction could be a blow to the U.S. as it plans to work with moderate rebel factions in the future to fight jihadis and Assad's forces.
"This is a blow to the Syrian moderate opposition in general," said Asad Kanjo, an activist based in Idlib via Skype.
Shorsh Hassan, a spokesman for the Kurdish People's Protection Units, or YPG, said the peshmerga and the YPG are preparing a role for Iraqi Kurdish troops. Hassan's comments came after some 150 peshmerga fighters on Friday night entered Kobani to fight the extremist group that controls parts of the town.
"The priority will be to recapture Kobani neighborhoods that were taken by Daesh and then the goal is to liberate all villages in the countryside of Kobani," Hassan said by telephone from Kobani, using an Arabic acronym to refer to the Islamic State group.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Saturday that the peshmerga force had yet to take part in any battles in Kobani.
Mustafa Bali, a Kobani based activist, said the peshmerga force will play a supporting role and will mostly work inside the town adding that they still haven't deployed. He added that YPG fighters will benefit from the weapons that the Iraqi Kurds brought with them.
Since mid-September, Islamic State group fighters have captured dozens of predominantly Kurdish villages near Kobani and entered the town they have been trying to capture for weeks. More than 200,000 people have fled to Turkey and more than 800 people have died, activists say.
Islamic State group positions in Kobani also have been targeted by more than 150 airstrikes by the U.S.-led coalition over the past weeks.
On Saturday, the U.S. Central Command said American military forces conducted five airstrikes near Kobani that suppressed or destroyed nine Islamic State group fighting positions and struck one building used by the jihadis.
The Observatory said the Islamic State group launched another offensive Friday night on YPG-held areas in Kobani but failed to advance. The group, which relies on reports from activists on the ground in Syria, said that more than 100 jihadi fighters have been killed over the past three days in the clashes, as well as the U.S.-led airstrikes.
An Associated Press reporter on the Turkish side of the border facing Kobani said it sounded like several explosions struck the town early Saturday, though no more information about them was immediately available.
The U.S. Central Command said Friday that American warplanes conducted four airstrikes near Kobani, damaging four Islamic State fighting positions and one building occupied by the group.
In Idlib, the Nusra Front captured wide areas in Jabal al-Zawiya after five days of clashes with the moderate rebel Syrian Revolutionaries Front, the Observatory and Idlib-based Kanjo said. Among the areas capture was the village of Deir Sinbul that is home to the rebel faction headquarters, they said.
The Observatory said "tens" of fighters with the Syrian Revolutionaries Front have defected and joined the Nusra Front.
Jamal Maarouf, the leader of the Syrian Revolutionaries Front, said in a video released Saturday that his rebels withdrew from Jabal al-Zawiya "for the safety of civilians because this faction (Nusra Front) does not hesitate in killing civilians.  We withdrew from Deir Sinbul to preserve the blood of civilians."
"You (Nusra Front) killed more people than those the regime killed,," Maarouf said.
Kanjo said that since the Nusra Front captured the Jabal al-Zawiya region they can now shell villages inhabited by members of Assad's minority Alawite sect in the nearby province of Latakia. The country's Sunni majority dominates opposition groups.
Also on HuffPost:

Emissions must be cut to zero by 2100  warns grim UN climate reportEmissions must be cut to zero by 2100, warns grim UN climate report
REUTERS
Time not on our side, govts must act: UN chief
Copenhagen, November 2:  
Governments can check climate change at manageable costs but need to cut greenhouse gas emissions to zero by 2100 to limit risks of irreversible damage, a UN report said on Sunday.
The 40-page synthesis, summing up 5,000 pages of work by 800 scientists already published since September 2013, said global warming was causing heat extremes, downpours, acidifying oceans and pushing up sea levels.
“Science has spoken. There is no ambiguity in the message. Leaders must act, time is not on our side,” UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in Copenhagen, presenting the report.
With fast action, climate change can be kept in check, he said, referring to a UN goal of limiting average temperature rises to two degrees Celsius above pre-industrial times. Temperatures are already up 0.85 C.
The study by the Inter-governmenal Panel on Climate Change, approved by more than 120 governments, will be the main handbook for negotiators of a UN deal to combat global warming due at a summit in Paris in December 2015. To get a good chance of staying below 2C, the report’s scenarios show that world emissions would have to fall by between 40 and 70 per cent by 2050 from current levels and to “near zero or below in 2100”.
Below zero would require extracting carbon dioxide from the atmosphere — for instance, by planting forests that soak up carbon as they grow or by burying emissions from power plants that burn wood or other biomass.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

REPORT: ISIS Allies With Al Qaeda Affiliate Outside Of U.S. ViewIn Setback, Islamic State, Nusra Combine To Rout US-backed Forces In Syria
McClatchy DC
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations
Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent
Options
Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day..
Facebook
Copyright ©2014 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Part of HPMG News
Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.
Notify message

Infy steps up efforts to lower attrition rat...You are here: Home > Collections
Infosys steps up efforts to lower attrition rate by next year
Varun Sood, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 06.55AM IST
Tags:
crowdsourcing
(Keeping employees from…)
BENGALURU: Infosys expects to lower staff attrition sharply as early as June next year, thanks largely to measures taken to engage with employees by new boss Vishal Sikka .
Keeping employees from leaving is regarded as being integral to the company's plans to improve its performance, which is seen lagging behind the industry average.
"In my sense, it should come down to 13-15 per cent in the next two to three quarters," said UB Pravin Rao , chief operating officer. The 1,65,000-strong Infosys reported an attrition rate of 20.1 per cent for the second quarter ended September. If the Bangalore-based company is able to rein in the rate at which employees are leaving, it could mark a start in the company's broader ambitions to win back its IT sector bellwether tag, experts said. "The confidence comes from what we are seeing on the ground when we connect with the employees.
When Vishal connects with the employees, we get to gauge the enthusiasm on the ground," Rao told ET in an interview. Since taking over as CEO on August 1, Sikka has put in place measures such as crowdsourcing initiative murmurations and a 100 per cent variable bonus to all employees in the June-September period. The country's second largest software exporter has also done away with the long-standing practice of giving promotions just once a year to every quarter.
Since April, the company has made four rounds of promotions, with more than 4,000 employees elevated last month across sales and delivery in all markets, bringing the total number to 19,000 or about 12 per cent of the total workforce.
Some experts believe that stability in the senior ranks and confidence in Sikka's leadership should help the company attain Rao's estimate. "Attrition can come down dramatically," said a Mumbai-based analyst at a domestic brokerage.
"And if you can check attrition rates, then that is surely is the first sign the company can look to get back to the growth pedestal."
Rao said a key element is to offer "a win-win for both employees and employers". He added, "As a company we need to grow. We have to make sure we provide enough growth opportunities." Boosting employee morale will be important as Infosys looks to improve performance — the company has reaffirmed its guidance of 7-9 per cent growth for this fiscal, much lower than the Nasscom estimate of 13-15 per cent growth for the IT industry.
"Checking attrition is okay. (But) will this also mean the company will get back to industry-beating growth numbers earlier than anticipated. I don't think so. That will take time," said the Mumbai-based analyst. Both management and analysts believe that it will take another two years — not until April 2016 — before Infosys is able to match its peers, including Tata Consultancy Services and Cognizant, in reporting double-digit revenue growth rates.
Unsurprisingly, all IT companies are taking various measures to retain employees as they see growth slowing. TCS , which reported a marginal uptick in the attrition rate to 12.8 per cent for the second quarter, is considering increasing salaries offered to fresh engineering graduates, which over the last few years has remained in the Rs 3.5-4.5 lakh band.
Wipro , which reported an attrition level of 17 per cent, has rolled out one of its biggest employee-retention programmes by offering executives with more than two years of experience a chance to study at some of the nation's premier engineering and management colleges.
Additionally, the company earlier this year launched a Distinguished Member of Technical Staff programme, under which it offered engineers an equal opportunity with business degree graduates to climb up the ranks.
"Today whenever you talk to employees, in the exit interview, inevitably employees talk about their glowing experience of the Mysore days. These are early days (but) one of the things we are looking at is if existing employees can go and spend one month every year in Mysore, teach something or take some classes," said Rao.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NHPC to build Indias largest hydel power plantNHPC to build India’s largest hydel power plant in Arunachal Pradesh
Mitul Thakkar, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arunachal Pradesh
((Representative Image)…)
NEW DELHI: NHPC is gearing up to build India's biggest hydro plant, a 3,000 MW project that is equivalent to about half its current total capacity and three times the size of its biggest unit, even as it brushes off concerns over competition from the private sector.
State-owned NHPC recently received approvals from the Forest Advisory Committee for Dibang hydel project in Arunachal Pradesh and plans to approach the Cabinet Committee for a final nod within a year.
"We will execute the Dibang project in partnership with one of the PSUs and the state government at an investment of Rs 15,000-16,000 crore. Due to its large scale, the per-MW project cost will be much less than the average of Rs 7-8 crore," NHPC Chairman and Managing Director RST Sai said. "Also, we will be able to execute the project faster as there are only a handful of families living at such high altitude and it will save time for their rehabilitation."
NHPC, which operates 6,500 MW of hydro power generation capacity, expects to build more plants as the Narendra Modi government pushes for faster clearances for infrastructure projects in a bid to boost the economy. The share of hydro power in the country's generation capacity has been declining as delayed environmental clearances and rehabilitation of displaced people stalled projects.
Sai said the private sector is in no position to challenge the state-owned company's dominance in generating hydro power and cited the example of the Jaypee Group , which put its hydro projects on the block to reduce debt. Executives who left for highpaying jobs now want to come back as they see a future for hydro only in NHPC, he said.
Sai's main concern is about delays in the 2,000 MW Subansiri project in Assam and Arunachal Pradesh, which is being opposed by a section of affected locals. He added that finance is not a challenge for NHPC since it has reserves to the tune of Rs 16,000 crore and the company enjoys access to low-cost funds. He is not looking at growth through the acquisition of private sector projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee falls 15 paise against dollar in early tradeUpdated: November 3, 2014 12:07 IST
Rupee trims its initial losses vs dollar
PTI
AP The rupee declined to Rs. 61.51 in early trade on Monday
TOPICS
currency values
Down by 10 points
The Indian rupee trimmed its initial losses against the American currency but was still quoted down by 10 paise to 61.46 per dollar on some demand from banks and importers in view of firm dollar in the overseas market.
The rupee resumed lower at 61.50 per dollar as against the last closing level of 61.36 per dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) Market and moved down further to 61.51 per dollar on initial dollar demand from banks on the back of higher dollar in the global market.
However, it trimmed its initial losses and was quoted at 61.46 per dollar in view of good foreign capital inflows into equity market.
It hovered in a range of 61.46-61.51 per dollar during the morning trade.
The Indian benchmark sensex declined by 15.20 points or 0.05 per cent to 27,850.63 at 1000hrs, after hitting an all-time high of 27,969.82 in the early trade.
In New York market, the U.S. dollar hit its highest level against the yen in nearly seven years on last Friday, after the Bank of Japan unexpectedly announced new measures to spur Japanese growth.
Meanwhile, oil prices were mixed in Asia today as dealers focused on a slew of global manufacturing data for clues about demand growth, while a strong dollar capped any gains, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for December delivery fell four cents to USD 80.50 while Brent crude for December was up four cents at USD 85.90 in mid-morning trade.

IPL scam: Mudgal Committee to submit report to SCTweet
0
New Delhi, Nov.3 (ANI): The Justice Mukul Mudgal-led committee, which was appointed by the Supreme Court to investigate the fixing and betting scandal in the cricket Indian Premier League (IPL), will submit its final report to the apex court today.
The report will be submitted almost six months after the apex court had asked Indian Police Service officer B.B. Mishra and the police departments in Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai to assist the investigation.
The Supreme Court had then felt the need to dig deeper for information on the scam after the Mudgal panel's preliminary report had mentioned the names of 13 important cricket officials and players in a sealed envelope, against whom allegations ranging from corruption to conflict of interest had been made.
Mishra, assisted by a team of police investigators in the last few months, has had extensive interactions with top players, including Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni, agents of cricketers and Board of Control of Cricket in India functionaries.
They were questioned about IPL Season Six, their corporate partnerships, business interests and power wielded by franchise officials.
Dhoni was specifically asked about Gurunath Meiyappan's role in the IPL team Chennai Super Kings (CSK).
Meiyappan, who is the son-in-law of ICC chairman N Srinivasan, was arrested over allegations of betting on IPL games.
Aided by fresh evidence, the final report is expected to confirm that Meiyappan was an important Chennai Super Kings (CSK) official and that he was involved in betting during 2013 IPL.
The next Supreme Court date of hearing of the case is November 10.
Meanwhile, the Board of Control for Cricket in India's (BCCI's) annual general meeting is scheduled to be held on November 20.
The outcome of the Mudgal Committee report is expected to have an impact on the voting pattern and on Srinivasan's future as a cricket administrator. (ANI)
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Indian share markets open flatIndian share markets open flat
Like Corporate Execs  Bureaucrats too can do...You are here: Home > Collections > Isb
Like corporate executives, bureaucrats too can now do MBA from ISB without skipping work
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 10.27AM IST
Tags:
department of personnel and training
(ISB runs a similar MBA programme for…)
NEW DELHI: Senior government officers, much like their counterparts in the private sector, will get to arm themselves with an MBA degree from the prestigious Indian School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad without taking a long break from work.
In a first such initiative, the Centre has tied up with ISB for a one-year management programme in public policy, to be launched from April 2015, which civil servants and IPS officers can attend through short-term residences lasting just a month in all over the year. This will allow the officers to undertake the programme while continuing with their jobs.
ISB runs a similar MBA programme for senior private executives who have demanding work schedules and high level of responsibilities at work. The 15-month programme requires executives to attend a week-long classroom learning every sixth week at ISB campus that entails teaching on all seven days, allowing them to study without quitting their full-time jobs.
The business school has tailored a new course on similar lines for the government, which will not have to spare its officers for a full year, especially "when the selected officers are holding important positions or organisations are facing shortage of officers", the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) said in a October 27 circular.
The programme has been structured in a manner that the officers will be required to attend even shorter residencies than the private sector executives. "The course is proposed to be delivered through a hybrid model with short-term residencies coupled with online and Internet mediated training. Unlike other long-term programmes, the programme is structured with minimum relocation of officers from their workplaces, allowing them to continue with their current assignment during duration of the course," the circular said.
The officers will have to travel to ISB campus in Hyderabad only six times for five days each during the year-long course, which will include intensive classroom sessions on all such days while the rest of the course will be through online teaching and an e-learning module, according to the DoPT . The entire cost of the course, nearly Rs 13 lakh, and cost of the officers' travel to Hyderabad will be borne by the government, which will treat the officers as "being on duty" for purpose of pay and allowances.
ISB is ranked 36 in Financial Times' global MBA rankings and some of the international institutions associated with it include London Business School, MIT Sloan School of Management and the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The flagship is reinventing itself. SeehowThe Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is among the latest flagships to enter the Indian market.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 3, 2014 10:55 am | Updated: November 3, 2014 10:22 pm
Are flagships, the big heroes of the mobile world, slowly losing their clout? Not really, if you look at the sales of the Apple iPhone 6, the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 or the Sony Z3. But their lure for certain categories of buyers seems to be slowly waning as the best specifications are no longer the exclusive domain of the flagships.
There was a time when the flagship smartphone, the top product from a company, usually priced upwards of $600, would have the features which none of the other phones from even the same brand would sport. This was the true flagship, a product for which people aspired for and saved up for months to buy. Even if everyone was not able to afford the flagship, the devices create a ‘hero effect’, where those aspiring for the top-end phone end up buying an affordable device from the same brand.
With flagship smartphones, Sony is aiming to drive technology and design leadership. Sachin Rai, business head, Xperia, Sony India, said, “Within two years of the launch of our first flagship model, the Xperia Z, we have seen a significant growth in the smartphone category, with the Z series acting as a category image driver for Sony.” Samsung too milked this wonderfully well for many years with the Galaxy S series and still does so with newer phones in the series.
ALSO READ: Top flagships this season
While flagships still command a lot of eyeballs and eventual sales, they are slowly losing sheen primarily because the affordable phones are getting better. But with this low volume segment still accounting for substantial value for all companies, the manufacturers are reinventing how they sell the flagship. Earlier, you would have one flagship which would command a premium and drive people to buy a slightly lower cost model from the same brand—the so-called Hero Effect.
A company like HTC has three or four flagship phones catering to different price points. “The hero effect will always be there for our flagship M8. Those who can’t buy that will start looking at the Desire 816 a step below. But these consumers will always be looking to migrate to the top end device,” explained Jack Yang, president, HTC South Asia.
Samsung has three flagships at the moment, the Galaxy S5, Note 4 and the new Galaxy Alpha. Asim Warsi, vice-president, Mobile & IT, Samsung India, said, “We have positioned flagship products towards varied consumers such as Galaxy S5 for consumers seeking best possible technology and refined mobile experience, Galaxy Note 4 for the executives and Galaxy Alpha is for trendsetters and youth. We believe that offering consumers more choices is of critical importance.”
Similarly, Sony launched two this year in the Xperia Z2 and Z3. The Sony India business head said that with smartphone technology changing rapidly, Sony will continued…

Actor Sadashiv Amrapurkar passes awayActor Sadashiv Amrapurkar passes away
PTI
A tribute to actor Sadashiv Amrapurkar from his fans in Mirzapur on Sunday. The actor passed away in a Mumbai hospital on Monday. - PTI
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
Bollywood actor Sadashiv Amrapurkar, who was being treated for a lung infection at Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital here, passed away today. He was 64.
His last rites will be performed in his native place in Ahmednagar district tomorrow, family sources said.
Amrapurkar had won two Filmfare awards. In 1984, he won the award for the best supporting actor for Ardh Satya and in 1991, the best villain trophy for his portrayal of a ruthless eunuch in Sadak.
His other works include Aankhen, Ishq, Coolie No. 1 and Gupt: The Hidden Truth.
He later shifted his focus on Marathi movies. Amrapurkar was last seen on the big screen in 2012 film Bombay Talkies
He had become selective and was more into social work in the last few years.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

China October manufacturing at tepid 3-month high: HSBCChina October manufacturing at tepid 3-month high: HSBC
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Nov 3:  
China’s manufacturing growth picked up to a three-month high in October, a closely watched private survey confirmed today, but did little to counter a picture of slowing growth in the world’s second—largest economy.
British bank HSBC’s final purchasing managers index (PMI) came in at 50.4 last month, above the 50-point level that separates expansion and contraction and the strongest since July’s 51.7.
The index tracks activity in factories and workshops and is considered a key indicator of the health of China’s economy, a major driver of global growth.
On Saturday, China’s official PMI from the National Bureau of Statistics came in at 50.8 last month, lower than the 51.1 recorded in September.
HSBC’s figure was the same as its preliminary result announced last month and higher than the 50.2 recorded in September, “but nonetheless continued to signal only a fractional improvement in the health of the sector,” the bank said in a release.
Qu Hongbin, HSBC economist in Hong Kong, added that while the figure indicates continuing stabilisation of the sector, the overall situation remains fragile.
“The economy still shows clear signs of insufficient effective demand,” Qu said in the release.
“We still see uncertainties, given the property downturn as well as the slow pace of global recovery, and expect further monetary and fiscal easing measures in the months ahead.”
The HSBC survey, compiled by information services provider Markit, showed output and new business components expanded at their weakest paces in five months while growth in new export orders also slowed, the bank said.
China’s economy expanded 7.3 per cent in the third quarter, the government said in October, lower than the 7.5 per cent of the previous three months and the slowest since 2009 at the height of the global financial crisis.
Authorities this year set a 2014 growth target of about 7.5 per cent, the same as 2013, though officials including Premier Li Keqiang say they will be satisfied even if actual expansion is slightly slower, so long as employment remains resilient.
China has since April used a series of limited measures to underpin growth, including targeted cuts in reserve requirements — the amount of funds banks must put aside — and a 500 billion yuan (USD 81 billion) injection into the country’s five biggest banks for re-lending.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Expansion in manufacturing sector activity i...Frederic Neumann
(New business also increased…)
NEW DELHI: India's manufacturing sector output picked up modestly during October, driven by strong demand conditions and rise in new order flows, an HSBC survey said today.
The headline HSBC India Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) -- a composite gauge designed to give a single-figure snapshot of manufacturing business conditions -- rebounded from September's nine-month low of 51.0 to 51.6 in October.
Amid reports of stronger demand, production at Indian manufacturers rose for the twelfth successive month in October. A figure above 50 indicates the sector is expanding, while a figure below that level means contraction.
"Manufacturing activity picked up modestly amid stronger output and new order flows, particularly from overseas clients," HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said.
New business also increased for the twelfth month in a row in October, largely owing to the general improvements in demand situation.
In addition, export orders received by Indian manufacturers rose in October, extending the current sequence of growth to 13 months.
However, firms continued to trim purchases and refrained from aggressive inventory accumulation, the report said.
On prices, it said that inflationary pressures remained muted in October. While input prices eased further, the improvement in growth allowed firms to raise margins by increasing output prices slightly.
"This trend could strengthen with growth, which is why the RBI will remain cautious about relaxing its grip at this juncture," Neumann said.
In the September policy review, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan had left all key rates unchanged citing continued risks to inflation and difficult external situation, especially on the geopolitical front. This was the fourth consecutive time that the RBI kept key interest rates unaltered.
The short-term lending (repo) rate remained at eight per cent, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at four per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets in red after making fresh highs; GAIL down 5%; top stocksSensex pares gains after hitting record highs; top fifteen stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
BPCL
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared gains after hitting fresh record high of 27,969.82 in trade on Monday, as investors preferred to book profits at higher levels. The fall in the index was led by losses in M&M, RIL, HDFC and HDFC Bank.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also pared gains after hitting a fresh record high of 8350.60, weighed down by losses in autos, banks, consumer durable and oil & gas stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,804.21, down 61 points or 0.22 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 27,969.82 and an intraday low of 27,789.40 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8,305.30, down 16 points or 0.20 per cent. It touched an all-time high of 8,350.60 and an intraday low of 8,297.70 in early trade.
"Nifty closed at all-time high at 8322. Nifty future closed at a premium of 33 points indicating long carry forward. In October expiry, both derivative volume and open interest has increased indicating more participation," SMC Capital Ltd.
"Nifty is expected to remain in the range of 8200-8400 levels this week with positive bias. The options concentration continues to be at 8000-strike put option with an open interest of above 50 lakh shares," added the report. This is followed by the 8400-strike call option with above 30 lakh shares.
Here is a list of fifteen stocks which are in focus today:
Union Bank of India: State-run Union Bank of India said its net profit rose 78 per cent to Rs 371 crore in the three months to September, driven by lower provisioning and income tax write-back.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 225.90.
IOC, HPCL, BPCL: Petrol is cheaper by Rs 2.41 per litre from Saturday and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre which is its first price reduction by state-run retailers after the government allowed them to align its pump prices with the international oil market.
At 10:00 a.m.; IOC was trading 1.7 per cent higher at Rs 370, HPCL was up 2.1 per cent and BPCL was trading 0.7 per cent higher at Rs 730.35.
IGL: Indraprastha Gas Ltd, the sole retailer of CNG in Delhi, today said it is not revising rates despite input cost going up.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.6 per cent lower at Rs 388.35.
Cairn India Ltd: Cairn India said it has started to inject polymer into wells to raise output from its largest oil field in the prolific Rajasthan block, Mangala.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.2 per cent lower at Rs 284.65.
Godrej Consumer Products Ltd: The maker of Cinthol soap and Good Knight mosquito repellent, said fiscal second quarter stand-alone profit rose 21.7%, in line with analyst estimates.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.4 per cent higher at Rs 981.25.
DCB: Having got promoters' shareholding down to 16.4 per cent following a Rs 250-crore QIP issue, private-sector DCB Bank has said it will be approaching the Reserve Bank again seeking more time to bring it further to the mandated 10 per cent
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.8 per cent lower at Rs 88.80.
Ranbaxy Laboratories: The drug firm on Friday said Luxembourg Stock Exchange (LSE) will delist the company's Global Depository Receipts programme with effect from December 15.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent higher at Rs 634.40.
Tata Chemicals Ltd: State-owned Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) has reduced its stake in Tata Chemicals by over two per cent by selling 52.87 lakh shares in the open market.
  At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent higher at Rs 411.50.
Godrej Properties Ltd: Real estate private equity firm Milestone Capital Advisors has sold its entire stake in Godrej Properties residential project Godrej Prakriti in Kolkata for Rs 200 crore. The exit is valued at 2.3 times of the fund's earlier investment that was made five years ago, said two persons familiar with the development.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.5 per cent higher at Rs 249.50.
Infosys Ltd: Software giant Infosys has pulled out of its proposed software development centre at an information technology park near the Bengaluru international airport.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 4100.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: Country's largest car-maker Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) on Saturday reported a 1.1 percent decline in total sales in October at 1,03,973 units as against 1,05,087 units in the same month last year.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 3294.25.
M&M Ltd: Auto major Mahindra & Mahindra today reported a 15.39 per cent decline in total sales at 42,776 units in October. It had sold 50,558 units in the same month last year, the company said in a statement.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.5 per cent lower at Rs 1270.75.
TVS Motor Company: The two-wheeler maker reported a 22 per cent increase in its total sales at 2,41,044 units in October 2014. The Chennai-based company had sold 1,97,905 units in the same month last year, TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.4 per cent higher at Rs 265.85.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Luxembourg bourse set to delist Ranbaxy GDRLuxembourg Stock Exchange to delist Ranbaxy GDR programme with effect from December 15
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 08.13PM IST
Tags:
Bank of New York Mellon
(Ranbaxy Laboratories today…)
NEW DELHI: Drug firm Ranbaxy Laboratories today said Luxembourg Stock Exchange (LSE) will delist the company's Global Depository Receipts programme with effect from December 15.
In view of the proposed termination of the deposit agreement on December 15, 2014, the LSE will de-list the GDS from the official list and withdraw the trading of GDS on the Euro MTF Market of the LSE with effect from December 15, 2014, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd said in a filing to the BSE.
The company said it has received a letter from LSE in this regard.
Earlier this month, the company had said that it has notified the Bank of New York Mellon to terminate the Deposit Agreements dated July 7, 1994 and underlying Global Depository Receipts (GDR) programme.
Ranbaxy shares today closed at Rs 632.10 apiece on the BSE, up 1.34 per cent from their previous close.
FEATURED ARTICLES

M&M slips after weak tractor sales in OctoberM&M slips after weak tractor sales in October
Virgin Galactic crash: Experts raise finger at use of  unconventional  unstable fuel  to fire spacecraftVirgin Galactic crash: Experts raise finger at use of  unconventional  unstable fuel  to fire spacecraft
Yen slide  China concerns hurt Asia forexYen slide  China concerns hurt Asia forex
In India vs US IPR battle  Pepsi s Nooyi backs IndiaIn India vs US IPR battle  Pepsi s Nooyi backs India
Eicher Motors  JV reports marginal rise in October salesEicher Motors  JV reports marginal rise in October sales
Excel Inds soars on robust Q2 earningsExcel Inds soars on robust Q2 earnings
Mahindra s auto sector sells 42776 units during October 2014Mahindra s auto sector sells 42776 units during October 2014
NMDC turns volatile after Q2 earningsNMDC turns volatile after Q2 earnings
Expansion in manufacturing sector activity in Oct: HSBCExpansion in manufacturing sector activity in Oct: HSBC
Asia factory growth ebbing  makes case for more stimulusAsia's factory growth ebbing, makes case for more stimulus
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Nov 3:  
Asia’s factories are reporting a generalised loss of momentum that speak volumes about the need for more policy stimulus, on top of Japan’s latest efforts to ignite growth.
A raft of regional manufacturing surveys on Monday were littered with unwelcome landmarks, including a five-month low for activity in China, a four-month trough for South Korea and a 14-month low for Indonesia.
China’s services sector
Even China’s long resilient services sector saw growth ebb to the slowest in nine months as the cooling property sector weighed on demand.
“We still see uncertainties, given the property downturn as well as the slow pace of global recovery, and expect further monetary and fiscal easing measures in the months ahead,’’ said Hongbin Qu, chief economist for China at HSBC.
HSBC manufacturing PMI
HSBC’s own version of the purchasing management index (PMI) compiled by Markit was a whisker firmer at 50.4 in October, from September’s 50.2, but showed growth slowing in output and new orders, while companies trimmed staff levels for the 12th straight month.
Beijing has already cut taxes, quickened some investment projects, offered short-term loans to banks, instructed local governments to spend their budgets and reduced the amount of deposits that some banks hold as reserves to spur lending.
So far, lower mortgage rates have not revived the housing market as quickly as some had hoped, with prices falling for a sixth consecutive month in October, according to one private survey.
Bank of Japan’s stimulus measures
Readings on Japanese activity were delayed by a holiday but will likely be overshadowed by the central bank’s decision on Friday to expand its already massive asset buying programme in a sudden change of tack that stunned financial markets.
The bold move has raised expectations the European Central Bank will eventually have to bite the bullet on quantitative easing, even if not at its meeting on Thursday.
“In this environment of subdued growth and long-term low-flation, we expect the ECB to announce the purchase of government bonds of euro area member states by early next year at the latest,’’ said Apolline Menut, an analyst at Barclays.
That outlook is one reason the euro caved to a fresh two-year trough of $1.2444 on Monday, and why the dollar reached a seven-year peak on the yen at 112.98.
US manufacturing data
The relative outperformance of the US economy should be evident in the ISM survey of manufacturing out later on Monday which is expected to hold at a healthy 56.2 in October.
The October payrolls report on Friday is also forecast to show a solid increase of around 231,000.
Exports lacking
As usual in Asia, the data flow from China dominated the trading day and made for sober reading.
China’s official PMI for the services sector fell to 53.8 in October, down from September’s 54.0 and the weakest reading since January, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
The comparable measure for manufacturing eased to 50.8 in October, from September's 51.1, confounding analysts’ expectations for an improvement to 51.2.
Foreign demand was partly to blame as the index for new export orders shrank to 49.9 in October.
South Korea export orders
The same trend was evident in South Korea, where new export orders were down for a third straight month and at the lowest in 14 months.
The overall HSBC/Markit PMI for South Korea fell to a seasonally adjusted 48.7 in October, from 48.8 in September, the lowest since June.
Even Taiwan’s privileged position as a major supplier of Apple products could not prevent some slowing as its PMI slipped to the lowest in 13 months at 52.0.
A rare bright spot was India, where the HSBC PMI rose to 51.6 in October, from 51.0 in September, extending its run above 50 to a full year.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Well-drafted agreement curbs possibility of disputes in future'Well-drafted agreement curbs possibility of disputes in future'
Zerick Dastur        Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 12:22 IST
Zerick Dastur, partner at J Sagar Associates
Litigation is a legal phenomenon which ensures that every corporation spends at least a decade in court. The time taken for disposing matters, the procedural objections, jurisdictional challenges and maintainability issues which very often form part of a court proceeding, reemphasise the need to take effective steps to minimise the possibility of contracts being brought before a court for interpretation of their true meaning.
It is often said that there is no better way to exercise your imagination than the study of law. No artist can interpret nature more freely than how a litigation lawyer can interpret a contract. It is in this context that drafting of commercial agreements and the facets to be borne in mind during the process are relevant. This is where the concept of careful, clear and unambiguous drafting of commercial agreements takes centre stage leaving little to interpretation. The principle being simple, prevention is better than cure. 
The apex court has rightly held that when persons express their agreements in writing, it is for the purpose of getting rid of any indefiniteness and to put their ideas in such shape that there can be no misunderstanding, which so often occurs when reliance is placed upon oral statements. Effective drafting also embodies the principle of Ubi jus IbiRemedium, i.e. where there is a right, a remedy will follow. A legal right may be a right conferred by law or which may devolve upon a party under a contract. It is, therefore, important to clearly spell out the rights, remedies, obligations and the enforcement mechanism for implementation of those rights within the contract itself.
In a dynamic regulatory environment with constant changes in the applicable rules and regulations, it is important to be cognizant of the latest developments in the field. Ignorance of law is not an excuse. With proactive statutory regulators like the Securities & Exchange Board of India and the Competition Commission of India, one needs to ensure while drafting an agreement that the document is compliant with the applicable regulations including regulations prevailing in the domain where the industry functions.
For instance, the Competition Act 2002, provides for agreements which are anti-competitive and that any agreement, either horizontal or vertical, which has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India would be void. It may be necessary at times, to prescribe within the document, the commercial rationale for entering into the transaction in order to improve the chances of an agreement surviving regulatory scrutiny.
In connection with resolution of disputes arising out of commercial agreements, time is very often of the essence. Keeping in mind the requirement of early resolution of disputes, precedence is given to alternate dispute resolution mechanism like arbitration.  The Supreme Court has, time and again, interpreted arbitration clauses widely to cover all disputes arising under an agreement unless specifically excluded by the parties.
Further, in an effort to widen the scope of disputes which can be resolved by arbitration, a seven-judge bench of the Supreme Court in SBP & Co. vs Patel Engineering Ltd. has held that an arbitration agreement could stand independent of the main agreement and did not necessarily become otiose even if the main agreement, of which it is a part, is declared void.
The jurisprudence in this regard was further expanded by the recent Supreme Court judgment in the matter of Swiss Timing vs Commonwealth Games Organising Committee where it was held that a reference to arbitration may be declined only where the Court can reach the conclusion that the contract is void on a meaningful reading of the contract document itself, without requirement of any further proof.  
While drafting an arbitration clause, which could stand independent of the main agreement, it is important to bear in mind certain essential facets. With the landmark judgement of the Supreme Court in the matter Bharat Aluminium v. Kaiser Aluminium, selection of the seat of arbitration would be decisive in determining the jurisdiction of courts for the purpose of issues arising out of the arbitration. Similarly, it is important to understand the difference between the seat of arbitration and the venue for conducting arbitration proceedings. The venue of the arbitral proceedingsmay be changed as per the convenience of the parties, but this act does not shift the seat of arbitration.
An arbitration agreement is an agreement in writing and binds parties to the said agreement.  A third party or a non-signatory cannot be proceeded against in arbitration.  The exception to this general rule was laid down by the Supreme Court judgement in the matter of Chloro Controls India Pvt. Ltd. v. Severn Trent Water Purification Inc. where it was held that in international commercial arbitrations non-signatories to arbitration agreements can be referred to arbitration especially in the cases of composite transactions.
Courts have acknowledged that a commercial document should be construed in accordance with sound commercial principles and good business sense.A well-drafted agreement could pre-empt possibility of disputes in the future or maximise chances of success for a party whose rights and liabilities have been clearly spelled out within the four corners of the agreement. As the saying goes death is not the end, litigation continues against your estate.  Any positive act which prevents possible misunderstandings or misinterpretation is a step in the right direction.  
Zerick Dastur is partner at J. Sagar Associates. Views of the author are personal
You can follow him at zerick@jsalaw.com.

Silver futures slide 0.66% on weak global trendSilver futures slide 0.66% on weak global trend
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 17:46 IST
Photo: Reuters
Silver futures dropped 0.66 per cent to Rs 36,331 per kg on Friday as speculators reduced their exposures amid a weak global trend.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, silver for delivery in December drifted by Rs 243, or 0.66 per cent, to Rs 36,331 per kg in a business turnover of 1,258 lots.
On similar lines, silver for delivery in March next year fell by Rs 243, or 0.65 per cent, to Rs 37,055 per kg in 24 lots.
Analysts said a weak trend in precious metals overseas as the US Federal Reserve ended its asset-purchase programme amid signs of an improving economy , eroding demand for the precious metals, mainly pulled down silver prices at futures trade here.
Meanwhile, silver lost 2.07 per cent to USD 16.12 an ounce in Singapore on Friday, the lowest since February 2010.

M&amp;M Q2 net profit at Rs. 9.47bnM&M Q2 net profit at Rs. 9.47bn
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 31, 2014 13:32 IST
Total Income is Rs. 100.29 billion for the September quarter ended September 30, 2014
 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd has posted a net profit of Rs. 9466.30 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at net profit of Rs. 9895.00 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Total Income is Rs. 100291.90 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at Rs. 92902.00 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 16:25 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Welspun Enterprises Completes Sale of WMSL to JSW SteelYou are here: Home Corporates
Welspun Enterprises Completes Sale of WMSL to JSW Steel
Press Trust of India | Updated On: October 31, 2014 23:49 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
Mumbai: Welspun Enterprises (WEPL), part of the $3-billion Welspun Group, on Friday said it has completed the sale of Welspun Maxsteel (WMSL) to JSW Steel (JSW) in follow-up to the definitive agreement between the two companies on August 18.
The deal, which included the sale of the entire shareholding in WMSL by WEPL to JSW Steel, was cleared by the Competition Commission of India on September 23, the company said in a release issued here.
The deal concluded with further infusion of about Rs 19.4 crore by WEPL after adjusting the value of net current assets receivable by it to fulfill the gap between the current long-term loan liabilities of WMSL and amount infused by JSW in WMSL.
As a result, WMSL's long-term loan liability of about Rs 1,095 crore stands fully repaid.
Welspun Group had earlier identified Welspun Maxsteel as its non-core business, and hence has accordingly exited the same.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 22:31 (IST)

Why Income Tax Department May Get TougherRBI Doubles Pre-Paid Card Limit to Rs 1 Lakh
New Delhi: As part of its efforts to boost revenue collection, the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has asked the Income Tax Department to monitor cases of over five lakh taxpayers who have not filed their latest tax returns.
The electronic database and systems unit of CBDT has issued an official communication in this regard to all Chief Commissioners of the department to initiate action.
The department, at present, is looking at measures to bolster the revenue collection work with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley holding a review meeting in this regard with the top I-T brass on Thursday.
"It has been noticed that 5,09,898 taxpayers who have submitted an e-return of Assessment Year 2011-12n 2012-13 or 2013-14 (up to October 20, 2014) with returned income of more than Rs 10 lakh or paid self-assessment tax of more than or equal to Rs 1 lakh (as per Income Tax Return) have not filed their ITR for the Assessment Year 2014-15," the communication to the Chief Commissioners stated.
CBDT, it said, has desired that all Chief Commissioners should "personally monitor these cases".
A senior I-T officer said the department will soon issue a communication to these taxpayers to file their returns or else give reasons for not doing so. The government has fixed direct tax collection target of over Rs 7,36,221 crore for 2014-15, which is 15 per cent higher than the last fiscal year's revised estimates.
The I-T department is witnessing a slight dip in collections in view of less TDS remittances as compared to the last time and issuance of large amounts of refunds, and hence it is training its guns to tap all sources of revenue to fill up its kitty and meet the government's targets.
"The situation is challenging but the department is sure it will meet the targets and expectations in this regard," the officer said.
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 20:11 (IST)

Tim Cook Not Alone  These Honchos Are Openly Gay TooYou are here: Home Industries
Tim Cook Not Alone, These Honchos Are Openly Gay Too
NDTV | Written By: Ramarko Sengupta | Updated On: October 31, 2014 17:00 (IST)
Action Jackson: Day 2 Box Office Review
Apple CEO Tim Cook coming out in the open about being gay may be all the buzz right now, but he's not the first or the only business honcho to open up about his sexuality. There is, in fact, a Forbes list of LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender) billionaires, which boasts of business leaders at the helm of large corporations.
Tim Cook may be rich, really famous, and is now out in the open, but he still would have not made it to the list that came out earlier this year, as the Apple chief is not a billionaire. Mr Cook's net worth is valued at around $400 million.
On top of 'The World's LGBT Billionaires' list is media mogul David Geffen with an estimated net worth of $6.1 billion. Mr Geffen launched the musical careers of bands like the Eagles, Aerosmith and Guns N' Roses.
He is followed by Jennifer Pritzker, who according to Forbes became the first and only transgender billionaire in the world when she announced she would be identifying herself as a woman for all business and personal undertakings, in August last year. Worth an estimated $1.8 billion, she is the CEO of private wealth management firm Tawani Enterprises.
Domenico Dolce, one half of luxury fashion house Dolce & Gabbana, rounds off the top three with assets worth $1.65 billion. Stefano Gabbana, his business partner and one-time boyfriend is also in the list with an estimated worth of $1.4 billion.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 15:32 (IST)

Luxembourg Stock Exchange to Delist Ranbaxy GDR ProgrammeYou are here: Home Market
Luxembourg Stock Exchange to Delist Ranbaxy GDR Programme
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 01, 2014 00:26 (IST)
India Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
New Delhi: Drug firm Ranbaxy Laboratories on Friday said Luxembourg Stock Exchange (LSE) will delist its GDR (global depository receipts) programme with effect from December 15.
In view of the proposed termination of the deposit agreement on December 15, 2014, the bourse will delist the GDS from the official list and withdraw the trading of GDS on the Euro MTF Market of the LSE with effect from December 15, 2014, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd said in a filing to the BSE.
The company said it has received a letter from LSE in this regard.
Earlier this month, the company had said that it has notified the Bank of New York Mellon to terminate the deposit agreements dated July 7, 1994 and underlying GDR programme.
Shares in Ranbaxy, on Friday, ended at Rs 632.10 apiece on the BSE, up 1.34 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: October 31, 2014 23:59 (IST)

Gold  silver sink to 2010 lowsGold, silver sink to 2010 lows
Reuters
Tweet
New York/London, Oct 31:  
Gold and silver sank to their lowest since 2010 on Friday as the dollar surged against the yen and other major currencies after the Bank of Japan shocked global financial markets by expanding its massive stimulus spending.
Spot gold broke below $1,180 an ounce, a level bullion had held twice during its last two major sell-offs in June and December last year. It also briefly held the mark earlier this month until Friday’s drop.
Yen plunges to 7-year low
The yen plunged to a near seven-year low against the US dollar on Friday, putting it on track for its worst day in 18 months, after the Bank of Japan shocked financial markets with an aggressive easing of its monetary policy.
“The main reason for gold's fall is the strength in the dollar after the BoJ’s desperate efforts to weaken the yen," said Jeffrey Sica, president and chief investment officer at Sica Wealth Management, which oversees $1 billion in client assets.
“Gold could fall further in the short-term as the dollar could rise more in the short-term, but gold should eventually benefit as a hedge against the uncertainties and economic turmoil brought by central bank actions," Sica said.
Spot gold, silver
Spot gold slid as much as 3 per cent to its lowest since July 2010 at $1,161.25 an ounce in earlier trade. It was last down 2.25 per cent at $1,171.71 by 3:57 p.m. EDT (1957 GMT) for its biggest one-day rout since July.
The metal breached important support levels at $1,200 and $1,180, where stop losses — automatic sale orders — were placed and was on track for a 4.8 percent drop this week, the biggest weekly decline since June 2013.
US Comex gold futures settled down 2.25 per cent at $1,171.6.
Spot silver earlier fell 4 per cent to its lowest since February 2010 at $15.76 an ounce and was poised for a fourth straight monthly drop. It was down 1.71 per cent at $16.14.
Gold and silver were already facing some heat after the US Federal Reserve earlier in the week largely dismissed financial market volatility as factors that might undercut progress towards its unemployment and inflation goals.
SPDR Gold Trust
Reflecting bearish investment sentiment, holdings in the SPDR Gold Trust, the world’s largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund, fell 0.16 per cent to 741.20 tonnes on Thursday, a six-year low.
Still, retail demand remained healthy. US gold coin sales jumped 22 percent in October to their highest since January.
Among the other precious metals, platinum fell 0.7 per cent to $1,229.5 an ounce, while palladium rose 1.8 per cent to $788.5 an ounce.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

US Probing Standard Chartered Over Dubai BankingYou are here: Home Corporates
US Probing Standard Chartered Over Dubai Banking
Reuters | Updated On: November 01, 2014 18:47 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New York: US authorities are investigating London-based Standard Chartered Plc for potential US sanctions violations connected to its banking for Iranian-controlled entities in Dubai, according to people familiar with the probe.
The latest investigation involving the bank is based, in part, from evidence that emerged during a separate probe of BNP Paribas, the French bank that pleaded guilty this summer to charges related to sanctions-busting and agreed to pay $8.9 billion in penalties, the people said.
During the course of the BNP case, US federal and state investigators received evidence the French bank had done business with a Dubai-registered corporation that was a front for an Iranian entity, one source said. Investigators also learned that the company used to have an account with Standard Chartered, according to the source.
Such an account would have been covered by US sanctions laws that ban dealings with Iran because activity in the account involved US dollar transactions.
The sources did not want to be identified because the probe is ongoing and its ultimate outcome unknown.
Spokesmen for the Manhattan District Attorney and US Department of Justice, which are among the authorities investigating, declined comment, as did the New York Department of Financial Services, which oversees the bank's branch in the state. A spokesman for Standard Chartered also declined comment on the probe.
The New York Times reported on Wednesday that prosecutors were taking a new look at Standard Chartered over possible sanctions violations, but the focus of the investigation was not revealed.
News of the investigation comes on top of the bank's major settlements with authorities over US sanctions-related violations in 2012, and again this year. Standard Chartered in 2012 paid $667 million to US authorities and entered into deferred prosecution agreements with the Manhattan District Attorney and US Department of Justice over violations stemming from Iran and other sanctioned countries.
In August of this year, New York's banking regulator fined Standard Chartered another $300 million after a monitor appointed in 2012 uncovered shortcomings in the bank's surveillance systems that caused a "significant number of potentially high-risk transactions" to go undetected, according to a consent order.
The new investigation, sources said, goes beyond the major findings in the 2012 agreements, in which Standard Chartered accepted responsibility for stripping information on wire transfers to the US so they wouldn't be detectable as payments connected to Iran or other sanctioned entities.
The sources said the account at Standard Chartered discovered through the BNP probe was one example of potential additional violations, and that authorities are looking at other problematic small and medium-sized business accounts in Dubai that may have been controlled by Iran.
The investigation is "very active" but not at the point of discussing a resolution, one of the sources said.
It is unclear what action authorities may take, although sources said the deferred prosecution agreements, which were set to expire in December, are expected to be extended, and Standard Chartered could face another fine.
Prosecutors also have the option of pulling back the deferred prosecution agreements and negotiating a criminal guilty plea from the bank, one of the sources said.
The latest investigation is another headache for Standard Chartered Chief Executive Peter Sands. Standard Chartered remains profitable, but Sands is under pressure from investors to revive the bank and cut costs after a 31 percent slump in its share price this year.
Clearer disclosures
US authorities believe Standard Chartered should have disclosed their Dubai accounts linked to Iran during the course of the prior years-long investigation, although the British bank had closed the account in question before authorities confronted it about a year ago, the sources said.
According to documents in the BNP case, from 2006 through 2012, the French bank processed payments on behalf of an Iranian-controlled company that helped facilitate providing liquid petroleum gas to an entity in Iraq.
The company was registered as a corporation in Dubai, but it was a front for an Iranian energy group based in Tehran, the court papers say.
In December 2011, a UK bank blocked a payment involving the company and told BNP it would no longer do business with the firm because of its ties to Iran, the documents show.
Yet for nearly a year longer, BNP continued to process payments for the company, transactions involving over half a billion dollars, the documents noted.
The UK bank is not named in the BNP documents, but one source identified it as Standard Chartered. The Dubai company also is not named, though it is described in other documents as a "petrochemical" company.
Standard Chartered agreed to end small- and mid-sized business client relationships in the United Arab Emirates within 90 days, as part of the August settlement, and is currently winding them down.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

UBS Cannot Arbitrate vs Nasdaq Over Facebook IPOSahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New York: A divided US appeals court rejected UBS AG's bid to force Nasdaq OMX Group Inc to arbitrate a dispute over the exchange operator's alleged "catastrophic mismanagement" of Facebook Inc's $16 billion initial public offering.
The 2nd US Circuit Court of Appeals in New York on Friday said UBS' agreement with Nasdaq to help make a market for Facebook shares did not entitle the Swiss bank to arbitration, in its effort to recoup more than $350 million of losses.
Circuit Judge Reena Raggi wrote for a 2-1 majority that the agreement was subject to a Nasdaq rule that "specifically disallows" claims over trading losses, showing that "the parties did not intend to submit such foreclosed claims to binding arbitration."
UBS had no immediate comment. Nasdaq spokesman Joseph Christinat declined to comment.
Facebook's first day of trading on May 18, 2012 was plagued by technology problems, resulting in a delayed opening and tens of thousands of trade and cancellation orders being stuck in Nasdaq's system for more than two hours.
While market makers lost an estimated $500 million on Facebook's IPO, federal regulators last year approved a plan for Nasdaq to repay only about $41.6 million.
Friday's decision may therefore make it more difficult for UBS to recoup anything close to its estimated losses.
It upheld a June 2013 preliminary injunction issued by US District Judge Robert Sweet barring arbitration.
Nasdaq agreed in May 2013 to pay a $10 million penalty, a record for a stock exchange, to settle US Securities & Exchange Commission charges over its alleged "poor systems and decision-making" for the IPO.
The exchange operator did not admit wrongdoing. Facebook investors are also suing Nasdaq over the IPO.
In its March 2013 arbitration demand, UBS claimed that Nasdaq had not been "up to the task" of handling such a big IPO, and was "grossly negligent" in allowing shares to trade despite lacking the necessary software.
UBS said this resulted in many duplicate or errant orders, made it impossible to determine what trades had been made, and caused the bank to unintentionally amass a net 40.2 million Facebook shares by the end of the first trading day.
Dissenting from Friday's decision, Circuit Judge Chester Straub said federal courts had no power to review UBS state law claims premised on the rules of Nasdaq, a private company. He said the majority's reasoning could flood courts with new cases.
"It simply cannot be true that every time a case involves a famous company or a multibillion-dollar IPO, federal courts have jurisdiction," he wrote.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Branded  ready-to-eat food in trains hits pricing crisisbrands
(Flooded with complaints…)
NEW DELHI: Rail travellers will have to wait for a few more days to get branded, ready-to-eat meals on their journeys as Railways and packaged food manufacturers are busy sorting out pricing issues.
Flooded with complaints about the quality of the food served on trains, Railways had decided to provide ready-to-eat food as an additional option for its passengers by October 30.
Even as he admitted that determining the prices for the branded food items was a factor that has led to the delay in the launch of the new menu on mail and express trains, Railway Member (Traffic), D P Pande, said, "It is being resolved now."
While Railways is averse to the high price demand of the food manufacturers, the latter maintain that the rate of pre- cooked food like pav bhaji, chicken biryani, rajma chawal served up in sealed packages will be a bit more than the prices of the standard meals available in pantry cars.
"We have made them agree to our approved rate and now the policy is being finalised and expected to be rolled out in a month from now," Pande said.
He, however, said that the option will be launched on a select few trains in the first phase and more trains will be covered later on. It would be made available on mail and express trains which have a pantry car. The service is likely to be initially launched on trains such as Karnataka Express, Frontier Mail, Paschim Express where the trial of these pre-cooked food items are already being carried out.
A committee comprising health officials and senior rail officials has been formed to examine the quality, hygienic condition and protein value of the packaged food. Since these items are pre-cooked, the committee will have to certify about its bacteria-free shelf life, said a senior railway ministry official.
The branded food would be served to passengers as an 'add on' option along with the standard items as part of the catering service on trains. However, the national transporter insists that price of the pre-cooked food will be kept on a par with the standard meals currently available on trains.
Given the high volume and branding opportunity, the companies are being told to charge reasonable rates, the rail official said.
As to the trials, the official said that pre-cooked food by reputed brands like ITC, MTR, Kohinoor Foods , Quickmeal and Deleez were made available on a few trains and the response of passengers was encouraging.
"Our aim is to ensure quality hygienic food for passengers. It must also be seen that the brands of meals or food items -- their quality, quantity, rate, hygiene -- are properly maintained," the official added.
After the launch, senior railway officials will undertake a drive on the trains for checking the availability of branded and approved ready-to-eat food for the passengers. A media campaign will also be initiated by all zones to publicise the pre-cooked food being served on trains.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Parliamentary panel on Railways seek views on Railways BillYou are here: Home > Collections
Parliamentary panel on Railways seek views on Railways Bill
PTI Oct 31, 2014, 08.57PM IST
(Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra…)
NEW DELHI: Parliamentary Standing Committee on Railways has invited suggestions and views from the public, NGOs, experts and stakeholders on The Railways (Amendment) Bill, 2014.
The Bill to amend the Railways Act, 1989 seeks to prevent the filing of larger number of duplicate cases of compensation claims in different benches of Railways Claims Tribunals and to exclude the liability of Railways in accidental falling from the ambit of untoward incident and categorise it separately.
Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan had referred the Bill to the Standing Committee headed by former Railway Minister and TMC MP Dinesh Trivedi, according to a release.
The memoranda/suggestions submitted to the committee would form part of the records of it and would be treated as confidential and would enjoy the privileges of the panel, the release said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Split stares at TN Congress  G K Vasan set to break awaySplit stares at TN Congress, G K Vasan set to break away
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 04.11PM IST
Tags:
Congress
(Gnanadesikan, who quit…)
CHENNAI: Toughening his stance against the Congress high command, former Union Shipping Minister G K Vasan today gave ample indications of breaking away from the party and reviving the erstwhile Tamil Maanila Congress.
"I will announce my next plan of action on November 3," he told reporters here after holding consultations for the second day with his supporters, which included former MLAs Vellore Gnanasekaran and Vidiyal Sekar.
Raising the "Valamana Tamilagam, Valimayana Bharatham," (prosperous Tamil Nadu, vibrant India) slogan coined during the founding of Tamil Maanila Congress in 1996 by his father G K Moopanar, Vasan left none in doubt about his next plan.
"In Tamil Nadu, the movement (Congress) can be strengthened only by invoking the legacy of Kamaraj and Moopanar," he said in an obvious reference to the tussle with the high command over the issue of membership cards.
He and his supporters like Gnanadesikan, who quit as TNCC chief had alleged that the high command had not allowed them to use images of Kamaraj and Moopanar in the cards.
The high command has, however, denied this. Describing the situation arising out of the resignations of his followers Gnanadesikan and treasurer Covai Thangam as "abnormal," Vasan said even after this, the AICC's denial to "allegations" were "unacceptable."
"I express with grief the wrong political approach (done) in the name of very important leaders of the party," he said in a reference to the high command not towing the line of his group in the party on issues, including membership cards.
The controversy over images of Congress icons Kamaraj and Moopanar on the cards had infuriated party workers, he alleged.
"AICC's deeds in the past several years have been against the mood of the cadres, be it party affairs or on key issues concerning Tamil Nadu people," he said.
Though this was communicated to the high command the response was not in tune with strenghtening the party, he said.
"Especially, post the Lok Sabha debacle, the AICC had ignored the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee and as a result the party apparatus is in a lull."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Free market economics: Can Modi change the narrativeSave precious time tracking your investments
By Gurcharan Das
Too many Indians still believe that the market makes "the rich richer and the poor poorer" and leads to corruption and crony capitalism. This is false, of course. Despite the market having generated broad-spread prosperity over two decades — lifting 250 million poor above the poverty line — people still distrust the market and the nation continues to reform by stealth. The blame lies partly with our reformers who have not 'sold' the competitive market as Margaret Thatcher did in Britain. But fortunately, we now have in Narendra Modi an outstanding salesman of ideas who could transform the master narrative of our political economy .
When the government decontrolled the price of diesel two weeks ago, Modi lost the opportunity to explain why the competitive market is far better at discovering prices than politicians. He could have reminded people that during our socialist licence raj, price controls pervaded our lives. Political prices did not allow producers to recover costs and this led to scarcities, black markets, and controllers. Our family home, I recall, remained half complete for years because my father was unwilling to bribe the cement controller for a few extra bags of cement. The mighty Soviet Union also collapsed partly because of political pricing.
Corruption is the inevitable result of tampering with prices. It has led to adulterating diesel with kerosene, a scam estimated at a shocking Rs 40,000 crore per year by KLN Shastri, formerly of the government's Oil Coordinating Committee, plus the murder of whistleblowers who tried to expose the racket. In controlling food prices, the nation actually spends Rs 3.65 to deliver a rupee worth of grain through the PDS system — no wonder, half the grain 'leaks' out. In the case of power, theft is the natural outcome of price control. The Indian Railways actually loses 24 paisa per kilometre on every second-class ticket, which prevents it from from modernizing.
Modi must employ his considerable rhetorical skills to persuade Indians that an efficient, corruption-free economy does not allow politicians to set prices. It will also help him to convince people that direct cash transfers into Jan Dhan Yojana bank accounts is a more efficient, less corrupt way to deliver welfare. The market does a far better job of preventing corruption than even the Lokpal, a lesson that has escaped Arvind Kejriwal and Anna Hazare.
A few days after decontrolling diesel prices, the government announced competitive bidding in coal mining. It was a good decision as marketbased auctions are the right way to discover the price of natural resources. But it did not go far enough — it restricted open bidding only to users of coal, such as power companies. Had it opened coal mining for free sale, it would have brought much higher revenues to the state and led to a competitive coal market, breaking Coal India's monopoly that is the root cause of the nation's coal troubles. Allowing competition in airlines, telephones, and television has greatly increased choice and freedom in India. There is an irony here: Indians think they are free because of their proud democracy, but economically they are still quite unfree.
Page 1 of 2

How to remember our heroes without conforming to age-old traditionsWhat we are witnessing in India are the first small steps of a corrective process, an attempt to rescue the past from the clutches of ideological regimentation.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Depending on your personal or even ideological preferences, October 31 was either Indira Gandhi's 30th death anniversary or the newly declared National Unity Day honouring Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel on his birthday.
On this day in earlier years, the morning newspapers used to be chock-a-block with display advertisements from central ministries, state governments and even public sector companies commemorating the former Prime Minister's 'martyrdom'; Doordarshan used to telecast the prayer meeting from the lawns of the bungalow where the assassination happened; and all eyes used to be on the political inheritors of the Nehru-Gandhi mantle.
This year, the focus was on the Run for Unity and the celebration of a stalwart who, many feel, was the best prime minister India never had. Indeed, had it not been for the token advertisement taken out by the Congress and the rarefied discussions on TV, the last traces of the ancien regime would have been erased.
Perhaps the stick needed to be bent the other way. For just too long the chronicles of post-Independence India have been officially cast as the history of one family, with some bit players chipping in for relief. The three members of the Nehru-Gandhi family who were prime ministers for a total of nearly 36 years and one member who ruled by remote control for another 10 years certainly left a deep mark on contemporary India. Ignoring their role would be tantamount to replicating the communist habit of airbrushing individuals from the pages of history to suit political fashion. But can their memory exercise monopoly control?
Counterfactual history — the spirited 'what if ' debates — can't substitute for what really did happen. It is likely that had Mahatma Gandhi gone along with most of the Congress party and chosen Sardar Patel to be India's first Prime Minister, the course of history would have been quite different. Indeed, it may be said that many of the political impulses that are visible since the victory of Narendra Modi in May this year can be traced back to currents that were overwhelmed and driven underground by the Nehruvian steamroller for six decades.
That despite being the objects of derision, condescension and even persecution, alternative ways of looking at India's past — and, by implication, its present — persisted tells a story.
In his book Hinduism, Nirad Chaudhuri referred to the "religious vandalism" that India experienced from the 11th to the end of the 17th century when "all the great cities of northern India dating from Hindu times were sacked" by invaders and conquerors and "only ruins of the temples were to be seen".
But, he noted, "the Hindus did not forget the houses of their gods. When at the beginning of the 18th century the Jesuit priest and mathematician Tiffenthaler travelled from the west coast of India to Malwa he saw in the evenings the flickering lights of the earthen lamps placed in these ruins by the villagers at some risk to themselves".
The Jesuit priest's account is evocative and suggests that collective memory cannot be moulded and determined by state patronage alone. The Nehruvians and the dynasts were last among a long line of rulers that sought to manufacture a state-sponsored common sense. They were only partially successful and that too only among elites linked to the ruling establishment. Like the forlorn earthen diyas flickering sadly in the ruins, there remained pockets of passive resistance that kept alive the proverbial old gods. Indoctrination can only work when the new mantra of correctness corresponds to the lived experiences of people.
The Soviet Union tried to create a new socialist man but when the Red Empire disintegrated after seven decades, the ideologues were surprised to find that old social institutions and old memories were remarkably intact in Russia, Ukraine and Georgia.
Likewise, despite the orchestrated Maoist vandalism of past symbols, communist China has had to come to terms with an inheritance that stretches a long way before 1949.
What we are witnessing in India are the first small steps of a corrective process, an attempt to rescue the past from the clutches of ideological regimentation. To those overcome by disquiet and fear, there is a simple but stark message: there is no one 'idea' of India. Our civilization begs pseudo-scientific definition.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Beedis are a bigger killer  tax them like cigarettesBeedis a bigger killer, tax them like cigarettes
By Swaminathan S Anklesaria Aiyar,  | 2 Nov, 2014, 01.10PM IST
READ MORE ON » Tax | Cigarettes | beedis |
There is a glaring omission in the government's anti-tobacco crusade. Why doesn't it crusade against beedis too, which are a far bigger killer?
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Dear Dr Harsh Vardhan,
You are rightly worried about the health effects of cigarettes. You are campaigning for much higher taxes to deter cigarette smoking, a ban on the sale of loose cigarettes, and a ban on e-cigarettes. You want three-quarters of every cigarette pack to be covered with health warnings.
Very good, but there is a glaring omission in your crusade. Why don't you and other politicians crusade against beedis too, which are infinitely bigger killers than cigarettes? In 2009, Swaminomics explained that Indians consume one trillion lightly taxed beedis per year, against 106 billion highly taxed cigarettes (both figures will be higher today).
Why focus only on the 10% smoking cigarettes? Why not equalize taxes on beedis and cigarettes? At the time, I calculated that equalizing the tax on beedis to the rate for nonfilter micro cigarettes, would yield an additional Rs 15,000 crore per year. And if the beedi tax was equated with the standard filter cigarette rate, it would yield an additional Rs 80,000 crore a year. This would provide huge revenues to slash the fiscal deficit and finance important health-related measures like the Swachh Bharat scheme.
Needless to say, my column of 2009 was ignored. The most obvious reason was that a prominent Cabinet minister, Praful Patel of the National Congress Party, was one of India's biggest beedi manufacturers. But he is now gone. So why not stop this traditional hypocrisy of lambasting cigarettes while keeping silent about beedis?
The big reason is, of course, that the beedi is the poor man's smoke, and the beedi industry employs millions. So what? These are horrifying reasons for justifying huge tax breaks for proven killers. The poor want low prices, but is a cheap killer like the beedi the solution? Are you worried only about the health of richer folk, who smoke cigarettes? Dr Prabhat Jha of Toronto University estimates that 930,000 Indians die annually of tobacco-related diseases. His research reveals that smoking even a few beedis per day is harmful. Global experience shows that people give up smoking when high cost and social inconvenience provide proper incentives. Around 30% of all smokers in the US and Europe have given up the habit. But in India only 2% of beedi smokers ever give it up, because the costs and social pressures are so low.
Politicians say the beedi industry employs millions, and tendu leaves used by the industry provide employment to lakhs of tribals gathering such leaves in forests. But, Dr Harsh Vardhan, can you justify encouraging an industry that kills millions just to provide employment? Surely you can create other, less harmful jobs?
A research study of 2010, 'The Economics of Tobacco and Tobacco Taxation in India', concluded that "raising beedi taxes to Rs 98 per 1000 sticks would add Rs 36.9 billion to tax revenues and prevent 15.5 million current and future smokers dying prematurely. Increasing cigarette taxes to Rs 3,691 per 1000 sticks would further add Rs 146.3 billion to tax revenues and prevent 3.4 million premature deaths".
Another study in 2008 by Emily Sunley estimated that beedis account for 77% of all tobacco consumption but only 5% of excise taxes. She highlighted the fact that the tax per thousand was Rs 14 for handmade beedis and Rs 26 for machine-made ones. The tax break for handmade beedis was supposed to encourage employment, but actually encouraged corruption and misdeclaration of factory-made beedis as handmade ones.
However, even the low duty on handmade beedis was largely evaded by cottage industries producing unbranded beedis. Only 360 billion out of the trillion beedis produced annually paid any taxes at all. Sunley suggested banning unbranded beedis. This could be facilitated by obliging tobacco curers, blenders and processors to file electronic reports on whom they sold tobacco to. If the tax on handmade and machine-made beedis was equalized, this would facilitate a shift in production to machine-made production in factories, where tax collection was easier and evasion more difficult.
Sunley noted that against the tax of Rs 14-26 per thousand on beedis, the tax on cigarettes was Rs 168 for micro nonfilter cigarettes, Rs 819 for standard 70mm filter cigarettes, and a whopping Rs 2,163 for filter cigarettes longer than 85mm. On health grounds, how can anybody justify this wide spread? Clearly, the taxation of cigarettes and beedis is more politics than healthcare.
Dr Harsh Vardhan, if you are to be taken seriously, please extend your campaign to beedis as well as cigarettes. Equalizing taxes on the two cannot be done in one go, but can surely be phased in over five years. And beedi packs should carry the same health warnings as cigarette packs. Don't favour one killer over another.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

HPCL to Resume Full Operations in Vizag Refinery in 2-3 Months: ReportSahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: State-run Hindustan Petroleum Corp expects to resume full operations at its 166,000 barrels per day Vizag refinery in southern India in two to three months, a company source told Reuters on Sunday.
The refinery is currently operating at 80-90 per cent of its capacity as its cooling towers were damaged by cyclone Hudhud last month.
"Both the cooling towers were badly affected by the cyclone. It will take us two to three months to get them back in full shape," said the source with knowledge of the matter.
The source declined to be identified as he is not authorised to talk to media.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Hero MotoCorp October Sales Down 8.05%You are here: Home Corporates
Hero MotoCorp October Sales Down 8.05 Per Cent
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 02, 2014 18:05 (IST)
New Delhi: Hero MotoCorp, India's largest two-wheeler maker, on Sunday reported an 8.05 per cent decline in sales at 5,75,056 units last month.
The company had sold 6,25,420 units of two-wheelers in October 2013.
The firm it clocked sales of over 10 lakh two-wheelers during the 37-day festive period that started on 25th September (first day of Navratras) and lasted until 31st October 2014.
Hero MotoCorp said it has lined a total investment of over Rs 5,000 crore across the globe, including manufacturing plants in Colombia and Bangladesh, and the new plants coming up at Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh and the Hero Global Centre for Research & Design at Kukas in Rajasthan.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 17:27 (IST)

Indian scientist translates tornado research into dance  wins global contestUber cab rape case: Police conduct raids in UP, no background check on driver
Police are now on the lookout in UP for the radio cab driver who allegedly raped a woman executive in Delhi. Several police teams are conducting raids in different parts of the state, especially in  Mainpuri, because the suspect was a resident of this area. Poll | Why do such crimes continue despite public outrage?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is chairing a meeting of chief ministers in Delhi to discuss various aspects relating to restructuring of the Planning Commission.
Black Money Probe
Come with proof, not for 'fishing expedition': Switzerland tells India
As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.

 China October Services Growth Slips to 9-Month LowECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
Beijing: China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October as a cooling property sector weighed on demand, a survey showed on Monday, adding to signs of fragility in the world's second-largest economy.
The services sector has been more resilient than the manufacturing sector and is creating more jobs, which partly explains why the government has so far refrained from more aggressive policy easing in supporting the slowing economy.
The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 53.8 in October from September's 54.0, which was the weakest reading since January, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
But it was still comfortably above the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis.
The sub-index of new orders inched up to 51.0 in October from September's 49.5, which was the lowest since December 2008.
"Sub-indices for sectors such as railway transport and real estate remained below the 50 point and market demand weakened," the bureau said.
The sub-index measuring employment fell to 48.9 in October - the fourth straight month when it was below 50, and was down from September's 49.5.
An official survey published on Saturday showed China's factory activity unexpectedly fell to a five-month low in October as firms fought slowing orders and rising costs in the cooling economy, reinforcing views that the country's growth outlook is hazy at best.
China's annual economic growth slowed to 7.3 per cent in the third quarter, the weakest pace since the global financial crisis, even as the government rolled out more stimulus measures to avert a sharper slowdown.
The two surveys suggest a further loss of economic momentum heading into the fourth quarter. Analysts had already expected full-year economic growth to miss the government's full-year target of around 7.5 per cent, even after it rolled out a series of support measures.
Still, top policymakers have issued a steady stream of reassurances about the economy in recent weeks, citing among other things a strong services sector and a still resilient labour market.
Policy measures so far this year include accelerated construction of railway and public housing projects, cuts in reserve requirements (RRR) for some banks and loosening of restrictions on property purchases to support the cooling housing market.
The services sector made up 46.1 per cent of gross domestic product in 2013, surpassing the secondary sector - manufacturing and construction - for the first time, as the government aims to create more jobs and boost domestic consumption.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

 China s Final HSBC PMI at 3-Month High;Risks RemainECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
Beijing: Growth in China's vast factory sector rose to a three-month high in October as smaller firms saw more orders, a private survey showed on Monday, easing fears of a sharp slowdown but still pointing to a sluggish economy that is losing momentum.
The final HSBC/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index(PMI) edged up to 50.4 in October, up from the September's reading of 50.2, but unchanged from a preliminary reading.
However, while the headline number looked slightly better, growth rates slowed in several key areas heading into the fourth quarter, putting the government's full-year growth target of 7.5 per cent further in doubt.
Growth in new orders and new export orders - proxies for domestic and foreign demand, respectively - fell to their lowest in four to five months, but managed to hold above the 50-point level that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis.
The level of output in factories also fell to a five-month low of 50.7.
"Overall, the manufacturing sector continued to stabilise in October, however the sequential momentum likely weakened," said Hongbin Qu, chief economist for China at HSBC.
"We still see uncertainties, given the property downturn as well as the slow pace of global recovery, and expect further monetary and fiscal easing measures in the months ahead," Qu said.
Lacklustre final demand also weighed on the labour market, which shrank for 12th consecutive month in October, though the rate of job-cutting stayed at the slowest since July.
A similar survey by China's National Bureau of Statistic(NBS) released on Saturday showed factory activity unexpectedly fell to a five-month low last month as firms struggled with slowing orders and rising borrowing costs.
The official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) eased to 50.8 in October from September's 51.1, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Saturday. Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast a reading of 51.2.
The official PMI is focused on larger, state-owned factories, as opposed to the HSBC/Markit PMI which focuses more on smaller manufacturers in the private sector.
An official reading on the services industry earlier on Monday showed growth in that sector hit a nine-month low in October as the cooling property sector weighed on demand.
The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 53.8 in October from September's 54.0, the National Bureau of Statistics said. But the reading was still comfortably in expansion territory.
The services sector has been more resilient than the manufacturing sector and is creating more jobs, which partly explains why the government has so far refrained from more aggressive policy easing to support the slowing economy.
Hurt by unsteady exports, a housing downturn and cooling investment growth, the Chinese economy is in danger of missing the government's growth target this year for the first time in 15 years.
Third-quarter growth of 7.3 per cent was the weakest since the global financial crisis.
Most analysts believe authorities will continue to roll out modest support measures in coming months to lift activity, but they are divided over whether it would act more aggressively, such as by cutting interest rates, unless there is a risk of a sharper slowdown.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

US right-to-die advocate Brittany Maynard kills selfUS 'death with dignity' activist Brittany Maynard kills self
AFP
Los Angeles, November 03, 2014
First Published: 08:29 IST(3/11/2014)
print
Brittany Maynard, in an undated file photo provided by the Maynard family (AP Photo)
Brittany Maynard, a 29-year-old American woman with terminal cancer has committed suicide, following promises to do so that had triggered shock and controversy over the right to die.
Maynard, a brain cancer sufferer, made headlines earlier this month when a video of her making her suicide threat went viral and was seen by millions of Web users.
"Goodbye to all my dear friends and family that I love. Today is the day I have chosen to pass away with dignity in the face of my terminal illness, this terrible brain cancer that has taken so much from me... but would have taken so much more," she wrote in a message circulated widely on social media.
"The world is a beautiful place, travel has been my greatest teacher, my close friends and folks are the greatest givers. I even have a ring of support around my bed as I type... Goodbye world. Spread good energy. Pay it forward!"
In January, Maynard was given six months to live and told her death would be painful because of the aggressive nature of her cancer. She had been trying for a first child with her husband Dan Diaz at the time, but gave up due to her disease.
Maynard and her husband, who had just married when she began having severe headaches, moved from their home in California to Oregon, one of a handful of US states with a "right-to-die" law.
A doctor could therefore prescribe her the medication she needs to end her own life, surrounded by her family in the bedroom she shares with her husband.
On Thursday, she had released a new video in which she said she might temporarily delay her appointment with a self-administered cocktail of potentially deadly drugs.
But the delay was a short one. Her story has made headlines around the world, and she was featured on the cover of last week's People magazine in the United States.
Maynard has in recent weeks and months been working to tick off items on a "bucket list" of what she wants to do before she dies -- including traveling to the Grand Canyon last week.

Sensex  Nifty at lifetime highs on capital inflowsMARKET UPDATE: Sensex slips after hitting new high, Nifty ends flat
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 17:37 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Sensex on Monday hit new life high of 27,969.82 but lost all gains to end about 5 points lower at 27,860.38 on profit booking in bluechips after a four-day strong rally.
The NSE Nifty, however, settled 1.95 points higher at new record close of 8,324.15, surpassing previous peak of 8322.20.
Traders said markets are seen consolidating their gains over the previous week's stupendous gains.
The 30-share Sensex, which had gained over 1,112 points in the previous four sessions, commenced on a strong footing and soared to hit new lifetime high of 27,969.82.
However, the BSE barometer retreated from record highs due to profit-booking in recent performers and slipped into negative zone to hit the day's low of 27,785.40. It finally settled at 27,860.38, down 5.45 points, or 0.02 per cent over the previous close of 27,865.83.
The BSE benchmark index had ended at all-time closing high of 27,865.83 and had also hit intra-day high of 27,894.32 on Friday.
The 50-scrip NSE Nifty after breaching all previous records, today hit yet another high of 8,350.60 and finally ended with a daily gain of 1.95 points, or 0.02 per cent, at 8,324.15. During the session, it dipped below the 8,300 mark to touch a low of 8,297.65. The gauge on Friday had scaled previous life-time (intra-day) high of 8,330.75.
Provisional data released by exchanges showed overseas investors bought shares worth net Rs 1754.73 crore on Friday.
Among 30 Sensex components, 18 stocks led by GAIL, CIL, ITC, NTPC, ONGC and BHEL ended down while 12 others were up.
"Realty, Media and PSU Banks remained the best performing sectors while Auto, Energy and Pharma stocks saw selling pressure. We are seeing some consolidation in markets amidst some profit booking, mixed global cues..." said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
In autos, Maruti Suzuki, M&M, Bajaj Auto, Tata Motors and Hero MotoCorp were among losers after monthly sales reports.
Sectorally, the BSE Consumer Durables index suffered the most by falling 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto index (0.88 pc), PSU index (0.23 pc) and Oil & Gas index (0.21 pc).
There was mixed trend in other Asian markets after data showed China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October. Europe also saw a lower opening.

Lithium-ion cells to cut cost for telecom to...ACME Cleantech
(Lithium-ion batteries…)
NEW DELHI: Telecom tower companies are increasingly installing lithium-ion batteries for uninterrupted power supplies to their towers, with Reliance Jio Infocomm a key adopter of this longer-lasting and cost-effective power storage technology that is also friendlier to the environment compared with other traditional options.
Lithium-ion, or li-ion, batteries have more than double the life of traditional lead-acid batteries and help cut about Rs 5-6 from the Rs 22 it costs otherwise to store each unit of electricity, say industry experts. Energy costs account for a third of network operating expenses for tower companies, and reducing it would help them improve profitability.
Batteries are used to store and supply electricity to telecom towers when grid power fails. When battery life is longer, the need for towers to depend on costly diesel-fuelled generators (DG) becomes lesser.
"Li-ion batteries have definite technical advantages in terms of power to weight to volume ratio, absence of pollutants like acid and lead, (and) longer life," said a Reliance Jio Infocomm spokesperson in response to ET's queries, confirming installation of li-ion batteries across its existing 25,000 towers, instead of the more traditional lead-acid batteries and diesel generators. "Thus, Reliance Jio towers are classified as green towers as they have lower overall energy requirement and are completely nonpolluting."
The Reliance Industries unit is expected to launch fourthgeneration communication services next year. Alternate energy solutions provider ACME Cleantech , one of the installation partners for Reliance Jio, told ET that li-ion batteries would be installed in all 70,000-100,000 towers that the operator plans to set up countrywide.
"They will have advantage of lower energy cost over energy cost of current towers. It is one of the best initiatives taken by them," said Manoj Kumar Upadhyay , founder and chairman of the ACME Group .
While Reliance Jio has taken the lead, others are also on the same path, though not at the level of deployments with some issues related to longevity need to be tested.
DS Rawat, chief executive of Bharti Infratel , the telecom tower unit of Bharti Airtel , said it is testing li-ion batteries as the technology looked more promising than existing storage solutions, especially in areas where grid power fluctuates.
"We are piloting li-ion and we have 50 sites already where we have deployed li-ion batteries for power storage in Infratel standalone. Similarly, Indus Towers is also trialling in their respective circles," he said.
"It has fast-charging capability which we believe will be a big plus but the entire business case also rests on how long these batteries last." Bharti Infratel, which has operations in 11 telecom circles through more than 36,000 towers, has a 42 per cent stake in Indus Towers, the world's largest tower provider with over 114,000 facilities across 15 circles in India.
Between them, the two cover the entire country with operational overlaps in four circles. Umang Das, director general of the Tower and Infrastructure Providers Association , said about 100,000 Li-ion battery modules had been deployed across operators and tower companies. "As an industry we're trying to reduce burn time on DG sets," said Rajan Mathews , director-general of the Cellular Operators Association of India , which represents carriers such as Bharti Airtel , Vodafone India which use GSM-based technology.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Profit-taking pulls Sensex down 45 points. consumer durables  auto stocks skidSensex ends flat after hitting record high
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
The Sensex and the Nifty snapped their four-day winning spree and ended near flat due to emergence of fresh selling in consumer durables and auto stocks amid weak European cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended at 27,860.38, down 5.45 points and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended at 8,324.15, up 1.95 points.
Among BSE sectoral indices, consumer durables stocks fell the most by 1.48 per cent, followed by auto 0.88 per cent, PSU 0.23 per cent and oil & gas 0.21 per cent. On the other hand, realty index was the star-performer and was up 3.61 per cent, followed by banking 0.46 per cent, healthcare 0.37 per cent and capital goods 0.29 per cent.
SSLT, Axis Bank, HDFC, ICICI Bank and Infosys were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while the top five losers were GAIL, M&M, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp and Maruti.
Indian shares hit a third consecutive record high on Monday but the gains fizzled out later in the session, with both indexes ending flat as automakers such as Tata Motors declined after the monthly sales fell.
Earlier in the session, the sentiment had been supported by a continued rally in lenders such as ICICI Bank due to expectations that the Reserve Bank of India would cut interest rates as early as its next policy reviews in December or February.
Airlines stock surges
Shares of airline companies surged as state-run oil marketing companies slashed jet fuel prices, according to local media reports.
Fuel charges contribute to nearly one-third of an airline's operational expenses - analyst with a local brokerage said.
Jet Airways Ltd was up 3.53 per cent and SpiceJet gained 6.75 per cent.
Auto stocks skid
Shares of auto companies fell after the October sales numbers were below some analysts' estimates.
Hero MotoCorp fell 1.66 per cent and Mahindra and Mahindra was down 2.67 per cent. Maruti Suzuki India Ltd was down 1.58 per cent, while Tata Motors was down 0.84 per cent.
Maruti reported a 1.1 per cent fall in October sales, while Mahindra reported a 15 per cent fall in sales.
According to Kotak Securities, auto manufacturers reported weak despatches in October. "We believe automobile growth is likely to moderate to low-single digits over the next few months,'' it said.
A report by Equentis Capital said: "India’s economy is expected to continue its growth story intact in long-term. Liberalisation of Indian economy could open opportunities in service, infrastructure and manufacturing sectors. Positive efforts by the government in direction to make India as a better investment destination is clearly visible trying to keep foreign money in the country. Earlier growth-oriented tie-ups with other Asian and global countries by the government will surely help India to achieve better than expected economical growth in coming years."
Markets closed
Trading will be truncated this week as the stock market will remain closed tomorrow, November 4, on account of Muharram. Also, there will be no trading on Thursday on account of Gurunanak Jayanti.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth Rs 1,754.73 crore last Friday.
European shares
European stocks were down, after this year’s biggest weekly rally, as investors weighed an increase in mergers and acquisitions activity.
Stoxx 50 was down 7.43 points or 0.24 per cent at 3,105.89 and FTSE 100 was down 8.47 points or 0.13 per cent at 6,538.
Asian stocks slipped from a one-month high after gauges of China’s manufacturing and services industries showed signs of a broadening slowdown in the world’s second-largest economy.
On the macro front, disappointing surveys out of China's manufacturing and services sectors will weigh on investor sentiment.
Data showed China's economy lost further momentum heading into the fourth quarter as a cooling property market weighed on activity and export demand softened. However, a fresh dip in the euro against the dollar was set to reassure investors about the profit outlook for European exporters.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

FII flows hold key for stock market in truncated weekMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 13:37 IST
Photo: Reuters
{mosimage}More of short covering than the reemergence of foreign institutional investors flows (FIIs) helped the Indian equity market to touch new all-time high. Last week, the market barometer BSE Sensex hit an all-time high of 27,894.32 on Friday, before closing at an all-time high of 27,865.83. Though some long position has been building in the Indian market, for the market to have legs to climb higher it will require the support of fund flows.
The reason for the interest in Indian market is expectation of global money flowing into the market following weak global economies, especially Europe. Expectation of quantitative easing (QE) in Europe and Japan will see money coming into emerging markets including India, which has been the top performing market among emerging economies.
Japan has already hinted that it will continue its quantitative easing until the economy doesn't see inflation reaching up to 2 per cent. Annually Japan has increased its bond purchase programme from 50 trillion yen to 80 trillion yen. Though there are expectations that money from Japan will flow into global markets, so far unlike the US and Europe, easy money from Japan has not witnessed any huge outflow to other economies. However, strong expectation of another QE in the Euro-Zone will add more liquidity in the world. On Thursday, November 6, the European Central Bank and Bank of England will announce their stance on interest rates, which the market is expecting to remain unchanged. Though the US has announced to stop it's bond purchase programme, it has clearly indicated it is in no hurry to raise interest rates, which is a huge positive for the world markets.
The other major reason for interest in the Indian market has been the sharp fall in global energy prices. Crude oil prices falling from $110 per barrel to $85 per barrel has been seen as a huge positive for the Indian economy and markets. In fact, the 20-23 per cent fall in crude is seen as a boon in a scenario where the fiscal deficit has reached 83 per cent in the first half of FY2015. Most players in the market expect expenditure cut by the government in the next six months of 2014/15.
However, the fall in oil price and domestic petrol and diesel prices couldn't help in increasing automobile sales for October, which will see auto stocks to be in focus during the week. Cement stocks will also be in focus as cement companies report their monthly sales numbers.
Meanwhile, in the truncated week with Indian equity market being closed on November 4 and 6, 2014 on account of Muharrum and Guru Nanak Jayanti, respectively, the market will keep a close eye on HSBC Manufacturing PMI data on Monday, November 3, and HSBC India Services PMI data on Wednesday, November 5. For September 2014, HSBC Manufacturing PMI data was at 51, falling from 52.4 in August 2014, while HSBC Services PMI data for September 2014 was 51.6 from 50.6 in August 2014. Till the index remains above 50 it signifies growth.
Key results like Larsen & Toubro, Jet Airways, Canara Bank, Syndicate Bank , Marico, Dabur India, Jindal Steel & Power, Trent, Sun TV and Glaxosmithkline Pharmaceutical will be in focus.

Wagah blast: High alert on India-Pak border  trade haltedUber cab rape case: Police conduct raids in UP, no background check on driver
Police are now on the lookout in UP for the radio cab driver who allegedly raped a woman executive in Delhi. Several police teams are conducting raids in different parts of the state, especially in  Mainpuri, because the suspect was a resident of this area. Poll | Why do such crimes continue despite public outrage?
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is chairing a meeting of chief ministers in Delhi to discuss various aspects relating to restructuring of the Planning Commission.
Black Money Probe
Come with proof, not for 'fishing expedition': Switzerland tells India
As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.

Holcim Q3 sales and profit fallHolcim Q3 sales and profit fall
Reuters
Tweet
ZURICH, Nov 3:  
Swiss cement maker Holcim posted a drop in quarterly sales and profit on Monday as a higher volumes in India and the United States failed to offset foreign exchange headwinds and weakness in Europe and Latin America.
The Jona-based company, which is in the process of merging with France's Lafarge, said third-quarter sales slipped 2.1 per cent to 5.18 billion Swiss francs (5.4 billion), generating net income attributable to shareholders of 447 million francs, down 4.7 per cent compared with the same period last year.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

China to push on with capital account openingChina to push on with capital account opening
Reuters
Tweet
BEIJING, Nov 3:  
China will advance the liberalisation of its capital account by encouraging funds to enter or leave its borders and allowing foreign investors to participate in domestic mergers and acquisitions, the deputy chief of the central bank said.
Deputy Central Bank Governor Yi Gang said China will also relax the restrictions for Chinese investing overseas so that individuals and companies can play a leading role in foreign investment.
Opening the capital account is one of the hardest financial reforms that China is pursuing as it requires authorities to cede control in parts of the economy, and the fear is that the change may destabilise markets if it happens prematurely.
There was also speculation that China may delay some of its reforms to focus on bolstering the country's cooling economy, though the government has never publicly acknowledged that such a move is on the cards.
Instead, Yi said in his piece entitled "A profound understanding of the new trends in China's economic development" that China will persevere in market-oriented reforms, which are meant to reduce state planning and its attendant waste.
Yi, who also heads the agency that manages China's $3.9 trillion foreign exchange reserves, made the remarks in an opinion piece that ran in the ruling Communist Party's official People's Daily newspaper on Monday.
The government will create a set of rules that are open and transparent and write a "negative list" that says which industries are out of bounds for foreign investors, he said.
There were no direct comments on China's plans to free the yuan and turn it into a convertible currency, or one that can be moved in and out of the country with few restrictions.
Beijing has made reforming China in a host of areas one of its policy priorities this year, although the job has been made difficult by a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy.
Economic growth slipped to its slowest since the 2008/09 global financial crisis in the third quarter and annual expansion is expected to sag to a 24-year low of 7.4 per cent in 2014, according to analysts polled by Reuters.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Amrapurkar: A multifaceted actor who made us laugh and cry with easeAmrapurkar: A multifaceted actor who made us laugh and cry with ease
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
Known for his subtle mannerism, the versatile Sadashiv Amrapurkar played varied villainous and comic roles in Indian cinema enthralling the audience with his ’unique’ style in a career spanning over three decades.
The ailing actor, who died at a hospital here this morning at the age of 64, played iconic character roles including a ruthless eunuch in ‘Sadak’, a villain in ‘Ardh Satya’ and a selfish father in ‘Ishq’ with an effortless ease.
Ironically, while he would instill fear with his negative roles on—screen, the actor was a true gentleman in real life and involved in many social activities.
Born as Ganesh Kumar Narwode to an auto driver in Nashik in 1956, he adopted the name Sadashiv in 1974. Fondly known as Tatya in his family and friend circle, Amrapurkar grew up in Ahmednagar with his parents and a younger brother.
Right from his younger days, Amrapurkar was into acting and was part of several plays in school and college.
He was a trained singer but was advised that his highly nasal baritone would prevent him from achieving fame — so at the age of 21, Sadashiv migrated to theatre and the stage.
He acted in more than 50 plays and also began to act in minor roles in Marathi cinema until in 1979.
In 1981-82, Amrapurkar acted in a Marathi stage play ’Hands—Up!’ alongside stage actors Avinash Masurekar and Bhakti Barve—Inamdar. This play was a super—hit and Amrapurkar was noticed by director Govind Nihalani who was searching for an artiste to play the central negative character in his movie ’Ardh Satya’
The movie went on to be a success and Amrapurkar’s acting was appreciated. His style of dialogue delivery was considered unique as compared to the popular Hindi movie villains in those days.
After ‘Ardh Satya’, Amrapurkar starred in small roles in films such as ‘Purana Mandir’, ‘Nasoor’, ‘Muddat’, ‘Veeru Dada’, ‘Jawani’, and ‘Farishtay’.
In 1987, he starred as the main villain in Dharamendra starrer ‘Hukumat’ which went on to be a blockbuster that grossed even more than ‘Mr India’.
Amarapurkar became the “lucky mascot” for Dharamendra and thereafter they both starred in several movies. In 1991, he appeared as a eunuch in ‘Sadak’. He won a Filmfare award for his performance and became the first recipient of the best negative role honour.
In the mid-1990s he migrated towards supporting roles and comic roles in ‘Mohra’, ‘Ishq’, ‘Hum Saath Saath Hain’, ’Aankhen’, ‘Coolie No 1’, ‘Gupt: The Hidden Truth’, ’Aunty No 1’, ‘Jai Hind’, ‘Master’ among others.
He played the role of Dr Khanna in the 1996 film ‘Chhote Sarkar’ Since the 2000s, Amrapurkar has been rarely seen in Hindi movies.
Apart from giving some power—packed performances in more than 300 movies in Hindi, the actor also tried his luck in Bengali, Oriya and Haryanvi movies.
Amrapurkar had gone missing from the industry for quite some time and was last seen on the big screen in 2012 film ’Bombay Talkies’, which was made to celebrate the centenary year of Indian cinema.
Amrapurkar will be forever remembered for bringing villains on par with the heroes.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

BJP fields youth  leaders with clean image for Kashmir pollsBJP has also kept in mind their winning prospectus so as to achieve the desired 44-mark in the 87 member legislative assembly.
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: November 3, 2014 12:09 pm
The BJP in its first list of candidates for upcoming assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir has tried to give it a new and rejuvenated look by preferring people who are young and with clean public image over repeating the veteran and tainted ones.
All its six sitting MLAs, who had allegedly cross voted in favour of Congress and National Conference candidates during the 2011 legislative council polls, do not find any mention in party’s first list of 45 candidates released on Sunday. The biggest surprise has been the absence of even the BJP two-time MLA from Jammu East constituency and its legislature party leader Ashok Khajuria who appears to have paid the price for his failure to keep the party flock together and avoid such an embarrassing situation as party’s state unit president during cross voting.
In doing so, it has on one hand given a clear message that the BJP is not going to tolerate any such corrupt practice aimed at betraying the public and the party trust reposed in its leaders, it has also tried to present the party with a new, clean and rejuvenated look before people during election time. While making attempt to reassure people that its nominees will withstand all their tests under whatsoever circumstances, it has also kept in mind their winning prospectus so as to achieve the desired 44-mark in the 87 member legislative assembly.
Bali Bhagat who replaced party’s sitting MLA Bharat Bhushan Bodi in Rapur Domana constituency is party’s general secretary and a fire brand leader who had kept the party’s flag high even during peak militancy in Chenab Valley region comprising Doda, Kishtwar and Ramban districts. He had been in the forefront of demand for constitution of village defence committees (VDCs) who gave a befitting fight to armed terrorists and checked migration of Hindus from their native places.
Similary, Ajay Nanda has replaced the sitting MLA Baldev Raj Sharma in Reasi. The former is the youngest son of BJP’s well known and popular leader late Madho Lal Nanda, advocate, known for his honesty and integrity. The latter for the sake of party unity always preferred to withdraw his claim for mandate in favour of party veteran Rishi Kumar Koushal. Baldev, apart from his alleged involvement in cross voting episode, was facing public criticism for not visiting Reasi after his election to the assembly in 2008.
Similarly, it has replaced its another MLA Jagdish Raj Sapolia by Ch Lal Singh in Basohli. The latter, a two-time Congress legislator and MP from Udhampur had joined BJP few months ago after leaving the Congress. He is also known as a firebrand leader who tried to improve medical and health services during his tenure as Health Minister in Mufti Sayeed’s coalition government in the state.
The other sitting MLAs, whose names have been dropped include Durga continued…

Women technology honchos to head 5 NIT boardsYou are here: Home > Collections
Women executives of technology firms to head 5 NIT boards
Akshaya Mukul, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 11.37AM IST
Tags:
Aruna Jayanthi
(The HRD ministry expects…)
NEW DELHI: For the first time, top women executives of technology firms have been appointed chairpersons of the board of governors of five National Institutes of Technology (NIT) in a bid to encourage enrolment of more girls and break the glass ceiling in engineering.
Kumud Srinivasan, president of Intel India, has been made chairperson of the prestigious NIT Trichy; Vanitha Narayanan, managing director of IBM India Private Limited, NIT Suratkal; Aruna Jayanthi , CEO of Capgemini India, NIT Calicut; Vasantha Ramaswamy , founder director of Aprameya Associates, NIT Rourkela and Jaya Panvalkar, formerly head of NVIDIA's Pune design centre, NIT Surat.
Eleven NITs did not have chairpersons.
"Getting women to head NIT board of governors will have an impact in making these institutions more attractive for girls," highly placed sources said. "Since many of the new chairpersons went to technology institutes and have worked at the highest levels in technology firms, they are best placed to break the stereotype that engineering is essentially a male profession. The HRD ministry expects that with so many women heading the board of National Institutes of Technology , the NIT Council , the supreme governing body, will help to increase the enrolment of girls in these institutes.
"The HRD ministry is focused on increasing the enrolment of girls in engineering institutes. CBSE has already launched `Udaan', a scheme to attract girls to engineering," sources said. Kumud Srinivasan (appointed to board of NIT Trichy) has worked with Intel for over 25 years and made India the company's largest non-manufacturing site outside the US. Vanitha Narayanan (NIT Suratkal) is also in IBM's integration and values team.
FEATURED ARTICLES

D-Street in red after making fresh high; GAIL down 5%; top 20 betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex consolidates in narrow range; top 20 intraday trading ideas
ET Now Nov 3, 2014, 03.21PM IST
(The Nifty was at 8,315.30,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared gains after hitting fresh record high of 27,969.82 in trade on Monday, led by losses in M&M, GAIL, HDFC and Hero MotoCorp Ltd.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped from its record highs of 8350.60, weighed down by losses in autos, consumer durable and FMCG stocks.
At 3:20 pm, the Sensex was at 27,882.49; up 16.66 points.
The 50-stock Nifty was at 8,328.30; up 6.10 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
L&T Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 74 and a stop loss of Rs 69.50
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 240 and a stop loss of Rs 221
M&M Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 315 and a stop loss of Rs 292
Bank of Baroda is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 960 and a stop loss of Rs 924
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Motherson Sumi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 452 and a stop loss of Rs 425
TVS Motor Company Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 278 and a stop loss of Rs 260
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 515 and a stop loss of Rs 485
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 234 and a stop loss of Rs 219
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Reliance Capital Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 503 and a stop loss of Rs 481
M&M Financial Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 311 and a stop loss of Rs 292
TVS Motor Company Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 275 and a stop loss of Rs 260
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
M&M Financial Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 305 and a stop loss of Rs 295
State Bank of India is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2790 and a stop loss of Rs 2710
Tata Chemicals Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 411
Abhishek Karande, CMT, Technical Analyst - Institutional Research, SBICAP Securities
Heidelberg Cement India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 110 and a stop loss of Rs 84
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1000 and a stop loss of Rs 845
Crompton Greaves Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 225 and a stop loss of Rs 175
Kunal Saraogi, CEO, www.equityrush.com
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 500 and a stop loss of Rs 485
Sesa Sterlite Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 270 and a stop loss of Rs 253
SKS Microfinance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 340 and a stop loss of Rs 325
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Death toll rises to 60 in blast near Wagah border60 killed in Pakistan blast near Wagah border
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Mon 3 Nov, 2014
Islamabad, Nov 3 (IANS) At least 60 people were killed and over 110 injured when a teenaged suicide bomber blew himself near the Wagah border in Pakistan, media reported Monday.
The incident took place Sunday evening in Lahore, The Nation reported.
Inspector General of Police Mushtaq Ahmad Sukhera said an 18-year-old suspected suicide bomber blew up his explosive jacket around 5.50 p.m. in a crowd. People were returning after witnessing a flag-lowering ceremony with India at the Wagah border.
The blast took place outside a restaurant near the first gate of the venue where the ceremony was held.
The flag ceremony is held daily and is attended by hundreds of people on both the Pakistan and Indian sides.
The victims included three Pakistan Rangers personnel along with 10 women and seven children.
The responsibility was claimed separately by the Jundullah and Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan-affiliated Jamaat-ul-Ahrar outfits.
The Jundallah outfit is based in Pakistan's tribal region along the Afghan border and is believed to be responsible for a number of terrorist attacks in the country.
The group was involved in the Sep 22, 2013 twin suicide bombing at a church in Peshawar that left 127 people dead and over 250 others injured.
Recommend

Mahindra & Mahindra announces auto sales figures for October 2014Mahindra & Mahindra announces auto sales figures for October 2014
Sensex down marginally; Maruti  Hero Motocorp decline on weak sales dataSensex down marginally; Maruti  Hero Motocorp decline on weak sales data
Apollo Tyres gains on favourable US court verdictApollo Tyres gains on favourable US court verdict
Auto Stocks Slump on October Sales: Hero Falls MostAuto Stocks Slump on October Sales: Hero Falls Most
Bharti Softbank Acquires Stake In Social Content Site ScoopWhoopBharti Softbank Acquires Stake In Social Content Site ScoopWhoop
WhatsApp Claims 70 million Active Users In IndiaWhatsApp Claims 70 million Active Users In India
Wagah Border Blast: Teen Suicide Bomber Kills 60Wagah Border Blast: Teen Suicide Bomber Kills 60
Virgin Galactic crash: Rocket scientist asks Branson to  stay out of space business     sell mobile phones  insteadVirgin Galactic crash: Rocket scientist asks Branson to  stay out of space business     sell mobile phones  instead
Columns: Big win for Sogo ShoshasE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

M&M Q2 net profit at Rs. 9.47bnM&M Q2 net profit at Rs. 9.47bn
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 31, 2014 13:32 IST
Total Income is Rs. 100.29 billion for the September quarter ended September 30, 2014
 
 
Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd has posted a net profit of Rs. 9466.30 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at net profit of Rs. 9895.00 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Total Income is Rs. 100291.90 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at Rs. 92902.00 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 16:28 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

ITC Q2 PAT at Rs. 2425 croresITC Q2 PAT at Rs. 2425 crores
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 31, 2014 12:49 IST
Total Income is Rs. 93799.60 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at Rs. 81087.20 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
 
 
ITC Ltd has posted a net profit of Rs. 24251.60 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at net profit of Rs. 22305.30 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Total Income is Rs. 93799.60 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 where as the same was at Rs. 81087.20 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
The Scheme of Arrangement between Wimco Limited ('Wimco') and the Company became effective on June 27, 2014 on filing of the Order of the Hon'ble High Court with the respective Registrar of Companies. The Scheme, with effect from April 01, 2013, provided for the demerger of the Non Engineering Business of Wimco into the Company. 
Pavan Poplar Limited and Prag Agro Farm Limited have become direct subsidiaries of the Company with effect from June 27, 2014, consequent upon the Scheme becoming effective.
FMCG- Others 
Amidst a sluggish consumer demand environment, the Branded Packaged Foods Businesses recorded further improvement in market standing during the quarter growing well ahead of the industry across most categories. In the Staples, Spices and Ready-to-Eat Foods Business, 'Aashirvaad' atta  recorded robust growth driven by premium variants and the 'Select' offering which continues to gain impressive consumer franchise. During the quarter, the Bakery and Confectionery Foods Business launched the 'Sunfeast Mom's Magic' range of premium cookies in two variants - 'Cashew & Almond' and 'Rich Butter'. The Business also forayed into the Chewing Gums segment with the launch of 'GumOn' in select markets. The products have met with favourable consumer response and are being rolled out to target markets. 
In the Snack Foods Business, 'Bingo!' registered robust growth driven by the finger snacks portfolio comprising the 'Mad Angles', 'Tedhe Medhe', 'Tangles' and 'Galata Masti' sub-brands. The recently launched 'Original Style' variants of Bingo! Yumitos potato chips also gained good traction during the quarter. In the Instant Noodles and Pasta categories, 'Sunfeast YiPPee!' sustained its high growth trajectory and enhanced market standing. 
During the quarter, the Personal Care Products Business augmented its product range in the Deodorants category with the launch of 'Engage' Cologne in six variants -  3 each for men and women. In the Personal Wash category, the Business expanded its presence in the fast-growing male grooming segment with the introduction of several new variants of Gel Bathing Bars, Shower Gels and Face Wash under the 'Fiama Di Wills' brand. These products have received encouraging consumer response and are being extended to target markets. 
Cigarettes 
  
Discriminatory and punitive taxation coupled with the growing incidence of smuggling and illegal manufacture are the biggest challenges facing the legal cigarette industry in India. These challenges were compounded during the quarter with the announcement in the Union Budget 2014 of a steep increase in Excise Duty rates including a 72% hike on filter cigarettes of 'length not exceeding 65 mm'. Such increase in Duty rates, coupled with further increase in VAT on cigarettes by some States during the quarter, will exert further pressure on legal industry volumes and sub-optimise the revenue potential from the tobacco sector. The recent Government notification mandating larger size of graphic health warnings covering 85% of the principal display area on both sides of the pack, to be effective from April 1st 2015, will adversely impact the domestic legal cigarette industry vis-?-vis both illegal cigarette trade and other unbranded tobacco products. 
High incidence of taxation and a discriminatory regulatory regime on cigarettes in India have, over the years, led to a significant shift in tobacco consumption to lightly taxed or tax evaded tobacco products like Bidi, Khaini, Chewing Tobacco and Gutkha. These cheaper and revenue inefficient products presently constitute over 88% of total tobacco consumption in the country. Thus, while overall tobacco consumption is increasing in India, the share of legal cigarettes in overall tobacco consumption has progressively declined from 21% in 1981-82 to below 12% in 2013-14. 
The imposition of discriminatory and punitive VAT rates by some States provides an attractive tax arbitrage opportunity resulting in sale of illegal stocks by criminal elements thus depriving the State Governments of their legitimate revenue share. Punitive tax rates on cigarettes have proved detrimental to revenue collection and have led to multi-fold increase in illegal trade of cigarettes without any visible decrease in overall tobacco consumption. 
The Company will continue to engage with the concerned authorities, both at the Central Government and State level, highlighting the need for moderation in tax rates on cigarettes to maximize the revenue potential from the tobacco sector and contain the growth of the illegal segment. 
Despite such a challenging business environment, the Company's unwavering focus on providing world-class products to consumers enabled it to sustain its leadership position in the industry. Consumer centricity, product innovation and quality processes have enabled the Business to deliver superior value. 
Hotels 
The Hotels industry continued to be impacted by a weak pricing scenario in the backdrop of sluggish economic conditions and the overhang of excessive room inventory in key domestic markets. Consequently, Segment Revenue growth during the quarter remained muted at 5.9%. Segment Results of the Hotels Business includes Rs. 13.4 cr. towards additional depreciation charge for the quarter due to revision in the useful life of fixed assets in accordance with the provisions of Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013. 
'My Fortune Bengaluru', a flagship property under the Fortune banner in the 'upscale' segment launched in May '14, has been well received by guests. Project activity at ITC Grand Bharat - a super luxury golf and spa resort - located at the Classic Golf Resort, Manesar is nearing completion and is expected to be launched in Q3 FY15. Construction activity at the luxury hotel projects in Kolkata and Hyderabad is progressing satisfactorily. 
In line with its 'asset-right' growth strategy, the Business commenced providing operating services at WelcomHotel Jodhpur during the quarter, taking the total number of rooms under the management contract model in the 5 Star category to 1150. 
Paperboards, Paper & Packaging 
Segment Revenue recorded a growth of 8.9% while Segment Results were up 9.7% driven by higher capacity utilisation & operating efficiencies, improvement in product mix and scale-up of Cartons and Flexibles packaging business. However, input prices - particularly that of wood - remained at elevated levels during the quarter adversely impacting margins. 
The Business made good progress during the quarter towards scaling up its in-house pulp manufacturing capacity at the Bhadrachalam unit. The project is expected to be commissioned in Q3 FY15. 
Contribution to Sustainable Development
The Company's Social Investments Programme aims to address the challenges arising out of poverty, environmental degradation and climate change through a range of activities with the overarching objective of creating sustainable sources of livelihood for stakeholders. 

Lava launches Iris Fuel series priced Rs 7 799 onwardsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Devendra Fadnavis takes oath as first BJP CM of MaharashtraDevendra Fadnavis takes oath as first BJP CM of Maharashtra
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 31, 2014 17:57 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Bharatiya Janata Party president Amit Shah, business tycoons were present on the occassion
 
 
Devendra Fadnavis on Friday sworn-in as first BJP Chief Minister of Maharashtra at  function  at Mumbai's Wankhede Stadium.
Report said that Shiv Sena Chief Uddhav Thackeray also agreed to attend swearing-in ceremony after last-minute call from BJP President Amit Shah.
BJP had sent out invites to Shiv Sena chief Thackeray, NCP chief Sharad Pawar and former Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan for the event, says report. 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Bharatiya Janata Party president Amit Shah, business tycoons were present on the occassion.
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Sunday, 07 December 2014 16:28 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

GAIL Q2 net profit at Rs1303 croresGAIL Q2 net profit at Rs1303 crores
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | October 31, 2014 14:17 IST
Total Income has increased from Rs. 142243.70 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 144185.30 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
 
 
Gail (India) Ltd has posted a net profit of Rs. 13029.00 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs. 9156.70 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. 
Total Income has increased from Rs. 142243.70 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 144185.30 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
Segment-wise Revenue
During the second quarter of the current financial year, the sales from Natural Gas Marketing during the second quarter of the current financial year stood at Rs 11,819 crore as against Rs 12,378 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The revenue from Natural Gas Transmission business was Rs 767 crore as against Rs 1,067 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The net sales from Petrochemicals business increased by 13% to Rs 1,281 crore, as against Rs 1,134 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The revenue from LPG and Liquid Hydrocarbons business increased by 64% to Rs 1,704 crore, as against Rs 1,039 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The revenues from LPG transmission during the second quarter of the current financial year were Rs 98 crore as against Rs 95 crore in the corresponding period of previous year.
Physical Performance
During the second quarter of the current financial year, the Natural Gas sales were 68.95 MMSCMD against 78.58 MMSCMD during the corresponding period of previous year. The Natural Gas transmission during the second quarter of the current financial year was 91.18 MMSCMD against 95.21 MMSCMD in the corresponding period of previous year. The LPG transmission during the second quarter of the current financial year was 701 TMT, as against 729 TMT during the corresponding period of previous year. The petrochemical production was 119 TMT against 114 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The petrochemical sales during the second quarter of the current financial year were 110 TMT against 108 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The LPG and Other Liquid Hydrocarbon production during the second quarter of the current financial year was 322 TMT against 336 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The LPG and Other Liquid Hydrocarbon sales during the second quarter of the current financial year were 322 TMT against 337 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year.
Half-Yearly Performance
GAIL registered a turnover (net of Excise Duty) of Rs 27,400 crore in the first half of FY 2014-15, up from Rs 26,800 crore turnover in the corresponding period of previous year. GAIL's Net Profit after tax for the first half of the FY 2014-15 increased by 12% to Rs 1,924 crore as against Rs 1,724 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year. The Gross Margin increased by 9% to Rs 3,528 crore in the first half of the current financial year as against Rs 3,251 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The Profit Before Tax increased by 14% to Rs 2,873 crore as against Rs 2,512 crore in the corresponding period of previous year.
Segment-wise Revenue
During the first half of the current financial year, the revenues from Natural Gas Marketing was Rs 23,488 crore as against Rs 23,437 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The revenues from Natural Gas Transmission stood at Rs 1,427 crore as against Rs 2,066 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The revenues from LPG transmission during the first half of the current financial year went up by 11% to Rs 209 crore as against Rs 189 crore in the corresponding period last year. The net sales from Petrochemicals were Rs 2,274 crore as against Rs 2,237 crore in the corresponding period of previous year. The net sales from LPG and Liquid Hydrocarbons business during the first half of the current financial year increased by 45% to Rs 2,964 crore as against Rs 2,043 crore in the corresponding period of previous year.
Physical Performance
During the first half of the current financial year, petrochemical production was 217 TMT, as against 231 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The petrochemical sales during the first half of the current financial year were 197 TMT, as against 229 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The LPG and Other Liquid Hydrocarbon production during the first half of the current financial year were 649 TMT, against 685 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The LPG and Other Liquid Hydrocarbon sales during the first half of the current financial year were 645 TMT against 687 TMT in the corresponding period of previous year. The LPG transmission during the first half of the current financial year was 1,533 TMT, up by 7 percent against 1,428 TMT in the corresponding period of the previous year. The Natural Gas transmission during the first half of the current financial year was 94.03 MMSCMD, against 97.25 MMSCMD in the corresponding period of previous year. The Natural Gas sales during the first half of FY 2014-15 were 72.72 MMSCMD, against 80.33 MMSCMD in the corresponding period of previous year.

Narendra Modi shuns Indira Gandhi event even as President attendsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

More Amazon vendors get Karnataka VAT noticeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Knowing cancer risk may not affect screening rateE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Now in India: Huawei Honor 6E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

No festive cheer for car makers  industry expects to end up in redNo festive cheer for car makers, industry expects to end up in red
fe Bureau | New Delhi | Updated:  Nov 02 2014, 01:39  IST
Nov 02 2014, 01:39  IST
 

Why high-flying literary agent Andrew Wylie is making headlinesWhy Andrew Wylie is making headlines
2 Nov, 2014, 03.45AM IST
Wylie is a literary agent who represents heavyweights like Philip Roth, Salman Rushdie and Orhan Pamuk
ET SPECIAL:
Eh? Who is that now?
I saw that question coming.
No need to get cocky, brother.
Sorry, he is a literary agent who represents heavyweights like Philip Roth , Salman Rushdie and Orhan Pamuk .
I'm stifling a yawn. Why on earth are we talking of a lit agent when there is so much else?
Because he recently called Amazon.com a "sort of ISIS-like distribution channel".
Whoa! I can't think of many worse things to say about a company than compare it to a militant group. Why was Wylie so cross?
Because the online retailer takes 30% of e-book profits and authors' royalties are not high enough.
So, what is he suggesting?
That publishers come together to take on Amazon, to whom, ironically, he gave the exclusive digital rights to some classics in 2010, angering publishers.
Interesting. What happened then?
He realized he needed the publishers more than he needed Amazon and pulled some books out of the deal with the online book retailer.
Smart move, but then he'd better know jeff bezos has won many a fight.
Sure, but Andrew 'the Jackal' Wylie is no slouch. He is known for his ruthless poaching of authors from competitors and tough-asnails bargaining with publishers.
Does he have other nice things to say about Amazon?
Betcha! He calls it a "digital trucking company" and that given a choice between the plague and Amazon, you should pick the former.
Ouch!

How Doon School is embracing change to retain exclusivityHow India's renowned Doon School is embracing change to retain its exclusivity
Ishani Duttagupta, ET Bureau Nov 2, 2014, 03.40AM IST
Tags:
Anupama Joshi
(To start with, along with…)
It's not uncommon for The Doon School to call upon eminent personalities — local and global — as chief guests for its annual Founder's Day programme. For instance, in 2010, the then President of India Pratibha Patil attended the function; and a year later, it was the Dalai Lama.
So, on October 18, when e-commerce entrepreneur Kunal Bahl, founder of Snapdeal, was guest of honour at the 79th Founder's Day, the message from India's most hallowed public school was crystal clear: don't look now, but we're changing — to keep up in a rapidly-evolving competitive environment.
That change on the picturesque and serene 70-acre Chandbagh Estate of The Doon School is an imperative for many reasons, as it grapples with some critical questions. Just one of them: is a niche boys' boarding school relevant at a time when co-education is the flavour of the day? Well, if it isn't, it needs to be, which explains why Doon is doing things it's never done before in its 79 years of existence — introducing new study programmes as well as encouraging gender diversity and widening the talent base for teachers.
"The administration of the school was looking at a decisive shift that will help us gain a global reputation, like many Indian companies or the IITs, and go where no secondary school from India had ever reached. Many peer group schools across the world were looked at in carrying out the process," explains Peter McLaughlin, the headmaster of The Doon School.
The Transition Begins...
To start wit
h, along with the Indian ICSE and ISC exams which are being followed, the system of International Baccalaureate is being offered to students as an option, points out McLaughlin, a PhD in history from London School of Economics. He was recruited through an international headhunt by executive search firm Heidrick & Struggles in 2009 to spearhead the transition.
Another significant change for the all-boys school has been in the area of hiring women — today it offers equal opportunities to men and women and even has lady teachers in the role of housemasters, who are in charge of the different boardings. A few years ago, the management hired retired Indian Air Force officer Anupama Joshi as director of personnel.
"The current development plan reaffirms the vision of the founders by grounding it in the 21st century. We need to provide academic excellence without any trade-off with the 'all-round' nature of education that the school is famous for. There are areas that we need to focus on with measurable outcomes," says Gautam Thapar, founder and chairman of Avantha Group, and an alumus of the Doon School. Thapar is currently chairman of the school's governing board. "In this role, I continue to strengthen governance and best practices on the board, have given back financially, helped raise funds and identified future leaders who will help guide the school," he adds.
If Thapar is as keen on not "trading off" any of Doon's virtues in its pursuit of change, that's because most old boys of Doon, or Doscos, have plenty to thank the school for. Snapdeal's Bahl may be one of the first start-up founders to be the chief guest on Founder's Day but, as Vivek Pandit, a Dosco and senior partner at McKinsey & Company, recollects, entrepreneurship wasn't exactly an alien phenomenon at Doon in the '70s and the '80s.
"While in Doon, I co-headed the school's tuckshop with my friend Vir Singh. We ordered ingredients, designed menus, priced them, cooked and served. After a few months, we renegotiated egg, bun, cold drink and potato costs, redesigned the menu, and kept it open 15 minutes longer to compete with the dining hall 'tea time'," recounts Pandit. Turning around the tuckshop from a loss-making venture into a profit machine would have been easily his first practical lesson in entrepreneurship.
 
...But Legacy Stands Out
To be sure, experts feel that the strong legacy of a Doon education still stands out and holds its own. "Increasingly there are aspirants for a high-quality education in nonmetro centres of India. Most of these centres do not have good quality schools. A place like Doon, which is not only high-quality but also residential, is a good bet," says Pramath Sinha, one of the founders of Ashoka University and founding dean of the Indian School of Business. He is also president of the board Welham Girls' School, another residential school in Dehra Dun.

New credit transfer system to be presented on Nov 11: Smriti IraniEk Bharat Shreshtha Bharat
(Human Resource Development…)
NEW DELHI: Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani on Saturday said that a new credit transfer system from class 9 up till the Ph.D level will be presented on November 11.
"You will be pleased to know that on November 11 we will be presenting to the nation a credit transfer system from class 9 onward up to PhD, which...gives you enough credits to get back into the university system...," she said.
Irani was addressing a gathering of student leaders at Lead On, an inter-school leadership summit organised at the Tagore International School , Vasant Vihar here.
She said that she is trying to evolve a concept called "Ek Bharat, Shreshtha Bharat" (one India, best India) which focuses on changes in education to take India to the next level, and appealed them to chose a five-member body from among themselves to "sit with us on Nov 17 and tell us what students want from India's new education policy".
FEATURED ARTICLES

HC slams DU for admissions mess due to rollback of FYUP'HC slams DU for admissions mess due to rollback of FYUP'
PTI Nov 1, 2014, 06.01PM IST
Tags:
Delhi High Court
(The court directed DU's…)
NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court has slammed Delhi University for creating a mess ahead of the 2014 academic year admissions by first persisting with the Four-Year Undergraduate Programme (FYUP) and then moving on to earlier three-year discipline.
A bench of Chief Justice G Rohini and Justice R S Endlaw made the observation while blaming the varsity for the plight of a student who could not be admitted to any college in B.Com (H) inspite of his being eligible for the course under the sports quota as per FYUP, as under the three-year programme having maths in Higher Secondary was mandatory.
The court directed Delhi University's (DU) Maharaja Agrasen College to admit the student under sports quota while setting aside the order of its single-judge bench which had dismissed his plea for admission as he did not have maths as a subject in Higher Secondary.
"It clearly is a case where owing to the mess which is the creation of the respondent University itself, in inspite of clear signals of change in policy, first persisting with the FYUP and at the last minute relenting.
"The appellant has been left without admission to any college inspite of securing high marks making him eligible for admission in the sports quota in colleges of the respondent University perceived to be the best or in any other college. The appellant thus faces the stark reality of wasting one year of his academic life.
"When the appellant/writ petitioner under the FYUP could have studied B.Com (H) without having studied Mathematics in Higher Secondary, we see no reason why we should hold the appellant/writ petitioner ineligible merely because the respondent University has switched over from FYUP to the three-year programme," the bench said.
It also held that the appellant would be able to cope up with the course without having studied Mathematics as had that been the case the same would have formed part of the minimum criteria for admission to the course.
The petitioner, Siddarth Singh, had challenged the judgement of a single bench which dismissed his plea on the ground that he should not have relied on simply on the brochure published for admission to Four Year Undergraduate Programme (FYUP) which was rolled back.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Suggest transformational budget ideas: PM Modi to secretariesSuggest transformational budget ideas, act fearlessly, PM Modi tells secretaries
By TNN | 2 Nov, 2014, 06.09AM IST
0
Share More
Prime Minister Narenadra Modi assured the top civil servants there would be no political interference in decision-making.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narenadra Modi has asked senior officials to come up with transformational ideas for next year's budget and shift focus from output to outcome. The PM also tried to calm the nerves of the bureaucrats, advising them to take bold decisions without fear and that he would stand by them.
Modi's message to more than 80 secretaries came at a high tea he hosted for them at his residence on Saturday evening.
He assured the top civil servants there would be no political interference in decision-making. His assurance came in view of the Supreme Court order doing away with Section 6 of the Delhi Police Establishment Act which forbade investigating agencies from lodging FIRs against officers of the rank of joint secretary and above without prior clearance.
'Advance budget work by 3 months'
Modi said they would be protected against prosecution so long as they acted with the right intent and without fear or favour in the interest of the nation.
He said all government departments to advance budget related processes by three months so that the moment the new financial year starts in April, work can begin on the budget proposals.
The PM called upon secretaries to work together and decisively build upon the momentum and positive atmosphere generated in the first five months of the new government. "We are one team. Let's bring openness in governance, come closer and work together," PM told the secretaries in his informal meet. "Good things are starting to happen," Modi said and encouraged secretaries for fresh ideas.
Reviving growth and steering the economy out of the choppy waters is on the top of the agenda of Modi government which is keen that the 2015-16 budget triggers growth.
The Modi government has embarked on a drive to shore up governance and rejuvenate the bureaucracy. It has taken several steps to end policy paralysis which set in after the previous UPA regime was hit by a clutch of scandals.
Modi asked officers to study the ideas and suggestions received on the "Mygov" platform and said individuals giving good suggestions need to be identified.
The top bureaucrats expressed views on a range of issues and spoke about the initiatives taken in the last five months. They also suggested what could be achieved in the near future and beyond.
The PM stressed on the "Swachh Bharat" campaign and detailed how it will require a change in mindset of people and urged secretaries to take personal interest. Recalling an anecdote, he said 12 truckloads of rubbish was taken out of PMO alone.
Modi suggested that all secretaries visit the place of their first posting for a couple of days as this would provide them several new insights on policy-making.
"He said that if we find there is not much change in the past 30 years then we need to see what went wrong and nothing improved. PM asked us to take bold decisions and work hard," said one of the officials present at the meeting, the PM's second such interaction.
The PM asked secretaries to take charge of the implementation of the "Digital India" initiative in their respective ministries.
"It was a free and frank exchange of ideas and views. The PM asked us to contact him by mail on any issues that we feel is important or any new ideas," said another secretary.
"It was a relaxed evening and PM interacted freely and asked for ideas and said he was fully behind bureaucrats," another secretary told TOI.

That s how govt can weed out black money from realty(The only ones who can afford…)
By: Pankaj Kapoor
I recently met a real estate developer who joked that the engine of real estate in India has two wheels: one is white money that comes from genuine buyers and the other is black money. And, currently, both wheels have stopped turning. He wasn't joking.
Today, the market is stagnant because most genuine buyers can't afford to buy their dream home as the market is overpriced. The investors who were pumping in black money have also paused as prices have stagnated.
Curiously, the escalation of prices itself has happened because of the large inflows of black money into realty. Even though no official figures are available, it is safe to assume that anywhere between 30% and 40% of real estate transactions — be it the purchase of land or an apartment in a metro — involve black money.
Of course, higher the price tag of an apartment, bigger is the black money component. For instance, there is hardly any black money involved in an apartment priced between Rs 15 lakh and Rs 20 lakh but in a luxury apartment priced above Rs 3 crore, the black money component could go up to 60%.
Chain of Transactions
So, where does the problem start? It starts right at the time land is purchased, let's say for the construction of an apartment. In a city like Mumbai, virgin land isn't available. So, invariably developers have to buy land in outskirts or villages outside the city limits, where the ready reckoner rates (or circle rates) are low.
Often, the people who own the land ask for a significant part of the payment in black, sometimes as much as 25-30%, so that they can avoid getting taxed. The next step is getting approvals, which invariably involves getting building approvals from local civic bodies which in turn are controlled by politicians and bureaucrats. That again involves significant amount of unaccounted money.
All these underthetable payments mean that a developer has to have a significant kitty of black money. So, the developer starts putting price tags on things he isn't legally allowed to sell, parking in apartments, for instance. It is this chain of black money transactions that has raised the launch prices of apartments, resulting in the fact that most genuine buyers can't afford a home.
The only ones who can afford a home are, unfortunately, not the salaried class but traders and other dubious buyers who have a steady flow of black money. Given that Indian tax norms favour people who are buying a second or third house more than a first-time buyer, most people who can indulge in inflated real estate transactions are investors who have black money. They have unyielding capital that they choose to park in real estate.
Between 2001 and 2005, real estate in India boomed. Interest rates were low, housing was affordable and first-time buyers were entering the market. One could understand a bump-up in prices then. But between 2009 and 2013, something strange happened. Despite the fact that there wasn't a great wave of buying from first-time buyers, prices went upwards sharply. Most of this was fuelled by investors who invested in the premium and luxury segments and most of them involved black money transactions.
  Slew of Reforms Needed
State governments have responded by reducing ready reckoner rates to almost the same level as market value but that alone hasn't been enough. If the government is serious about achieving its stated goal of housing for all by 2022, then it will have to make a few systemic changes. One, incentivize first-time buyers.
Two, make the process of getting approvals transparent. Make the process automated. Cut off all political discretions when it comes to granting approvals or buying land.
The Real Estate Regulation Bill is a first step towards that. But in its current form, there are some loosely defined terms in the draft and oversights which can be misused. For instance, approval authorities are not brought under the purview of the Bill. Most delays of housing projects happen because of delayed approvals.
India has a shortfall of 18.7 million homes — over 95% of this is in the economically weaker section. Only 1.4% of that demand is being met. If we want India's real estate sector to blossom again, this menace of black money needs to be weeded out.
(The writer is managing director of Liases Foras, a real estate research company)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Recovering black money tough; essential to curb outflows: Baker  GFIBlack Money
(Excerpts from an earlier…)
Rare is the discussion on black money that doesn't quote the figure of $462 billion, the amount India lost in illicit financial flows between 1948 and 2008, which was estimated by Washington-based thinktank Global Financial Integrity in 2010.
Excerpts from an earlier interview with GFI director Raymond W Baker, an expert on black money and tax evasion, by ET on India's battle with illicit billions:
On what the government must do to curtail the flow of illicit money
The government must exert its influence globally to curtail the shadow financial system, particularly within G20 where it plays a key role. There are things India can do by itself. In our analysis, trade mis-pricing is more responsible than any other mechanism for flow of illicit money from India and other countries. India should take a strong role in determining the identity of the real owners of entities that do business, particularly those established in Mauritius and other tax havens. We can accomplish this by instructing banks against receiving investments from abroad without knowing their origins. This is not difficult, but we need the will to do it.
On how money is being laundered abroad
Indians use the same techniques as everybody else, in particular the mis-pricing of trade. It is the biggest mover of illicit money and the toughest to curtail. Let us be realistic. It is very easy to mis-price a transaction by 5-15%. By looking at an invoice, we can never tell if it has been mis-priced.
On the chances of money being moved to other tax havens due to increased scrutiny on Switzerland and Mauritius
Money has been moved from Switzerland to Singapore and Hong Kong. Dubai was a favourite destination until economic problems surfaced. But this is a favourable development. When we keep pressure on larger jurisdictions and force money to smaller ones, it will force money to even smaller ones until the problem is weeded out.
On whether banking methods have changed with scrutiny
Yes, it is difficult, but not impossible. It is still possible to open secret bank accounts, hiding behind nominees and trustees. But the situation is getting marginally better.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government to Launch  Rental Housing  Scheme for Migrants  Poor: ReportAction Jackson: Day 2 Box Office Review
New Delhi: Aiming to provide temporary shelter for migrants and homeless people, the government is firming up a new initiative to launch a rental housing project in the big cities to answer their accommodation needs.
"We are launching a major initiative to promote rental housing on a large scale, for which an investment of Rs 6,000 crore is proposed," a senior Urban Development Ministry official said.
"Migrants who flock to big cities in search of livelihood often face housing problems. Since most of them are economically weak, they face difficulties in getting suitable accommodation," the official said.
According to the plan, the rental housing project is expected to be first taken up in the national capital before being later replicated in other cities.
The project aims at providing shelter to migrants and the homeless for short periods till they acquire their own houses, the official said.
The housing shortage is at nearly 18.78 million according to estimates in 2012 and 95 per cent of the shortage is in the low-income category.
The NDA government is also going to launch the Sardar Patel National Urban Housing Mission to enable slum dwellers, economically weaker sections and low income groups to own houses in urban areas.
"The Urban Housing Mission is a part of the government's goal of 'Housing for All by 2022'. Under the grand initiative, over 10 crore new houses need to be built in the next eight years," the official said.
The government hopes that the Housing for All initiative will spur economic growth as it offers huge investment opportunities.
However, the official said, "It requires massive funding as housing in urban areas alone is estimated to cost Rs 22.50 lakh crore. We are keen to promote the private sector in a big way to achieve housing construction targets."
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 16:58 (IST)

Tribunal Rejects Adani Power Plea on Condoning DelayYou are here: Home Corporates
Tribunal Rejects Adani Power Plea on Condoning Delay
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 02, 2014 17:44 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: The Electricity Appellate Tribunal has rejected Adani Power's application seeking to condone the "481 days" delay in filing a plea against the April 2013 ruling by Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) with regard to tariff issues at Mundra project.
The application was filed requesting the tribunal to condone the "delay of 481 days" in filing the appeal that challenges certain findings of an order passed by electricity watchdog CERC on April 2, 2013.
"We hold that the explanation offered by the applicant for inordinate delay of 481 days not only suffers from lack of bona fide but also suffers from the lack of diligence and lack of sufficient cause," the Appellate Tribunal for Electricity said in its order.
CERC had ruled in April 2013 that Adani Power should be granted "compensation" package for its Mundra project which would provide a cushion against the escalation in cost of imported coal for the plant.
The company had approached the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC) last year, seeking revision in tariff from its 1,980-MW Mundra project in Gujarat saying increase in imported fuel cost.
However, CERC rejected Adani Power's submission to consider tariff issues arising out of change in Indonesian coal pricing rules should be considered as 'force majure or change in law'.
The tribunal's latest order, dated October 31, observed that even though Adani Power was aggrieved by certain portions of last year's CERC order it did not choose to exercise its right to file the appeal at that stage itself.
"This would clearly prove that the applicant duly accepted the impunged order and proceeded with this implementation without taking any steps to challenge the said order at the relevant time," the tribunal noted.
Other respondents to the appeal are Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam Ltd, Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam Ltd and Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam Ltd. The first two are Haryana's power distribution companies while the third one is of Gujarat.
The respondents raised serious objections for the condoning of delay, "mainly on the ground that the explanation offered by the applicant for this inordinate delay was not satisfactory and not bona fide", according to the tribunal's order.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 15:45 (IST)

BoE probes insurers weather resistanceBoE encourages insurers to be weather resistant
Risks posed by climate change cannot be tackled in an ad hoc way
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f97c75a-5eaa-11e4-a807-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian bourses start month on sombre noteUS dollar surges after strong data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d44c9b0-6308-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex Struggles After Rising Close to 28 000  Nifty Hovers Near 8 300You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Struggle After Hitting Life Highs
NDTV | Updated On: November 03, 2014 13:04 (IST)
India Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
Indian markets struggled to hold on to their early gains which saw them setting fresh highs for the third straight day. The Sensex rose nearly 100 points in early trade, setting a new high of 27,969. Nifty rose to 8,350 to its day's high.
Putting pressure on the Sensex was auto stocks which came under selling pressure after disappointing October sales from many automakers. Hero MotoCorp, M&M, Bajaj Auto and Maruti were down between 1-2 per cent.
Some buying was seen in banking stocks, with SBI, Bank of Baroda and Axis Bank rising over 1 per cent.
Renewed buying from foreign institutional investors, announcement of reform measures and a rally in global markets have seen Indian markets rally in nine out of 10 previous sessions.
On Friday, the announcement of the surprise stimulus measures from Bank of Japan saw Sensex and Nifty rally nearly 2 per cent. It also triggered a rally in global markets on Friday. Besides that Indian markets saw foreign institutional investors buying nearly Rs 1,750 crore worth of domestic equities on Friday.
Gautam Shah, senior vice president at JM Financial Services, says the momentum is in favour of the bulls and Nifty could touch 8,450 in the immediate run. "The technical set-ups of the market at this point don't point out the market losing ground immediately," he adds. Mr Shah has a Nifty target of 8600 for the year-end.
Asian markets were mixed today with after data showed China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October as a cooling property sector weighed on demand, a survey showed on Monday, adding to signs of fragility in the world's second-largest economy.
The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 53.8 in October from September's 54.0, which was the weakest reading since January, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
At 12:57 pm, the Sensex was down 16 points to 27,849 while Nifty fell 7 points to 8,314.
(With Agency Inputs)

Rupee Falls to 61.49/Dollar on Broad Dollar GainsYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Falls to 61.49/Dollar on Broad Dollar Gains
Reuters | Updated On: November 03, 2014 09:56 (IST)
The rupee traded at 61.49 versus its previous close of 61.3950/4050 as dollar gained overseas. China October official PMI dipped to 50.8, vs forecast of 51.2, September 51.1
Gains in the share markets which touched life time highs in the opening session, supported the rupee.
The 50-share Nifty was trading up 0.2 per cent. Most Asian currencies were trading weaker against the dollar.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Yellowstone Park Considers Bumping up BandwidthThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Demanding PM: Babus racing against clock  to achieve year s target in 6 monthsYou are here: Home > Collections > Cabinet
Bureaucrats racing against time to achieve a year's goals in six months
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 10.32AM IST
Tags:
Ajit Kumar Seth
(On Saturday, Prime Minister…)
NEW DELHI: For India's top bureaucrats, there's little time to while away on the golf course or at Delhi Gymkhana Club . They are racing against the clock, trying to achieve revised full-year targets in half the time—there's less than six months left for the end of the financial year.
But that's not all. On Saturday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi asked all secretaries to advance budget work by three months and visit their first place of posting for a reality check. The same day, the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT), under Modi's direct charge, advised bureaucrats to replicate a Gujarat scheme and pursue volunteer works of a social nature but not at the cost of their responsibilities at work.
The cabinet secretariat had written to 72 ministries and departments asking them to submit annual goals in revised result framework documents (RFDs) for 2014-15 for approval by a high-powered committee chaired by cabinet secretary Ajit Kumar Seth . "With the new government in Centre, the priorities of the government have been revised," the letter said.
RFDs had been prepared and submitted in April, detailing targets for the year. But the cabinet secretariat asked all ministries on June 16, and again on September 15, to align these with the BJP's manifesto and the president's address to Parliament after the new government took charge at the end of May.
"All ministries submitted their fresh RFDs last week with targets having timelines from October till next March. Effectively, ministries have about five months left to achieve the new targets for year 2014-15," a senior government official told ET.
For example, DoPT's fresh targets include drawing up a policy for inducting private talent into government, preparing an online system of performance appraisals for bureaucrats and creating an e-record room by scanning all files over the last 10 years.
The cabinet secretariat in September asked the telecom department to include the BJP's promise of Wi-Fi zones in public areas in its revised RFD. The petroleum ministry was asked to incorporate the BJP's intent on coming out with a national energy policy, taking steps to maximise the potential of oil, gas, ocean, wind and nuclear resources and promoting the concept of proactive carbon credits.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hero skids over 4% as sales in October slips 8% | Maruti  M&M  Tata Motors all take a hitYou are here: Home > Collections
Hero MotoCorp October sales declines 8%; stock down
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 11.12AM IST
(During the festive period,…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Hero Moto Corp were down on profit booking after the company reported 8 per cent decline in sales in festive month of October.
The company sold 5,75,056 two-wheelers in October 2014 as compared to 6,25,420 units in the same month last year.
During the festive period, which lasted between September 25 (first day of Navratras) and October 31, the company sold 10 lakh two wheelers.
"All the new launches - including the new ZMR, Splendor iSmart, Splendor Pro Classic and Passion Pro TR - have been driving the volumes across segments," the company said in filing to stock exhcanges.
The company has lined up a total investment of over Rs 5,000 crore across the globe, including manufacturing plants in Colombia and Bangladesh, new plants which are coming up in Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh and the Hero Global Centre for Research & Design at Kukas in Rajasthan.
At 09:45 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 2989, down 2.37 per cent, on the BSE. It plunged 4.3 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 2928.80.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Unearthing black money: How Modi govt plans to rope in banksBlack Money
(Banks will be asked to pierce…)
NEW DELHI: The government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi , who reiterated his pledge to battle black money on Sunday, is roping in banks to spearhead the bid to unearth wealth that's been salted away behind the facade of trusts, special purpose vehicles and other complex corporate structures often used to evade taxes.
Banks will be asked to pierce the veil to ascertain the actual owners of such accounts, according to a new set of rules being framed by the Central Board of Direct Taxes. "The rules are under preparation... These should be made public in a month," said a finance ministry official aware of the move. The new regime will take effect from the next financial year.
The details thus obtained will also help India exchange information under the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), besides a new global protocol from September 2015.
Even the Special Investigation Team on black money, set up by the government at the direction of the SC, has identified tackling tax evasion effectively as one of its key focus areas.
The rules are part of the groundwork being put in place by India to deal with a new world order in which banking secrecy rules can't be used to conceal wrongdoing and also to strengthen the hands of domestic tax authorities in line with the new government's focus.
Black money has been a priority for the government from the start, with SIT being set up on its first day in office. Arun Jaitley last week urged tax officials to pursue domestic tax evaders. Prime Minister said on Sunday in a radio address that recovery of black money from abroad was an article of faith and a commitment.
New Delhi has been at the forefront of the international effort for meaningful exchange of information and is among the first few that will begin sharing bank data on an automatic basis from September 2017.
India may have skipped signing the key OECD protocol last week on this but is hopeful of doing so once it gets clarity from the apex court on confidentiality of data under such treaties and is therefore preparing the groundwork for this.
The hiccup has come as the SC last week demanded a list of names that India had obtained from governments overseas. The apex court has to decide whether such disclosures are permissible despite the secrecy clauses attached to global and bilateral treaties. The government's position is that names should only be revealed if there is enough evidence to justify prosecution. It is under deadline pressure on FATCA, which needs to be signed by December 31.
The automatic information exchange framework will strengthen the country's tax authorities in their fight against evasion as it entails flow of data on bank accounts, interest income, royalties and dividend besides account balances.
This implies that after 2018, India will be able to get data on its citizens from Mauritius and tax havens such as the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands and others. India and some other countries will start automatic information exchange in 2017 but all others will have to do so by 2018.
The government had in this year's budget amended Section 285 BA of the I-T Act — that deals with the filing of annual information return — to give it more teeth. Under the provision, transactions above a certain limit need to be reported by entities dealing with them. These include a Rs 10 lakh deposit or withdrawal in a savings bank account, Rs 2 lakh credit card spending in a year, Rs 2 lakh investment in a mutual fund, Rs 5 lakh in bonds and fixed deposits, Rs 1 lakh in stocks and Rs 30 lakh in real estate.
The provision empowered CBDT to frame rules and notify the entities and types of financial transactions that will need to be reported and in what format.
"With a view to facilitate effective exchange of information in respect of residents and non-residents, it is proposed to amend the said section so as to also provide for furnishing of statement by a prescribed reporting financial institution in respect of a specified financial transaction or reportable account to the prescribed income-tax authority," the memorandum to the Finance Bill said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HC stays penalty on I-T returns filed till N...All India Federation of Tax Practitioners
(The CBDT had issued…)
MUMBAI: The Madras high court has granted an interim stay on imposing penal interest on taxpayers who are required to file their income tax (I-T) returns by the extended due date of November 30.
TOI had reported on September 26 that the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) had extended the due date for filing the I-T returns by two months to November 30 for the assessment year 2014-15 (fiscal ending March 31, 2014). However, the CBDT had not exempted taxpayers from penal interest - which would be levied if the return was filed after the original due date of September 30.
Business entities (including companies) whose sales, turnover or gross receipts exceed Rs 1 crore and professionals such as advocates or doctors whose gross revenue is more than Rs 25 lakh are covered by the tax audit provisions. These taxpayers were given the extension for filing their I-T returns.
The CBDT had issued the notification extending the due date to comply with the judgments of various high courts, such as Gujarat, Bombay , Hyderabad and Madras.
The high courts had recognized that the taxpayers would be put to difficulties as details contained in Form 3CD, which is the tax audit report form, would be the basis for filing the I-T return. As the due date for filing of the tax audit report was extended till November 30 (owing to several changes introduced in Form 3CD), it was logical to also extend the due date for filing of the I-T return.
However, the Gujarat high court, in its September 22 judgment, had directed the CBDT to extend the due date for furnishing the I-T return till November 30, except for the purpose of charging of interest under section 234A of the I-T Act for the delay in filing. This section levies a simple interest at 1% for every month or part of the month from the due date of filing the I-T return till the date it is actually filed. The CBDT chose to rely primarily on Gujarat high court's order when it retained the interest penalty .
Anita Sumanth, advocate, representing the All India Federation of Tax Practitioners , and an individual petitioner, G Baskar, submitted to the Madras high court that the levy of interest under section 234A was unreasonable. If the penalty was levied, the purpose of extending the due date of filing the I-T return itself was defeated. She submitted that the Gujarat high court order relating to levy of interest under section 234A was only a suggestion or a concession, it was not an interpretation of law and it was opposed to statutory provisions.
Based on the submissions, the Madras high court granted an interim stay on the levy of interest. It held, "I-T returns shall be accepted by tax authorities without insisting upon any payment of interest under section 234A."
"One hopes that the CBDT would appreciate the issue fairly and issue a clarification along the same lines as the Madras high court has indicated in its order," Sumanth told TOI. The CBDT is expected to review the order and may take suitable steps.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Factory activity expands at a modest pace in...Frederic Neumann
(New business also increased…)
NEW DELHI: India's manufacturing sector output picked up modestly during October, driven by strong demand conditions and rise in new order flows, an HSBC survey said today.
The headline HSBC India Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) -- a composite gauge designed to give a single-figure snapshot of manufacturing business conditions -- rebounded from September's nine-month low of 51.0 to 51.6 in October.
Amid reports of stronger demand, production at Indian manufacturers rose for the twelfth successive month in October. A figure above 50 indicates the sector is expanding, while a figure below that level means contraction.
"Manufacturing activity picked up modestly amid stronger output and new order flows, particularly from overseas clients," HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said.
New business also increased for the twelfth month in a row in October, largely owing to the general improvements in demand situation.
In addition, export orders received by Indian manufacturers rose in October, extending the current sequence of growth to 13 months.
However, firms continued to trim purchases and refrained from aggressive inventory accumulation, the report said.
On prices, it said that inflationary pressures remained muted in October. While input prices eased further, the improvement in growth allowed firms to raise margins by increasing output prices slightly.
"This trend could strengthen with growth, which is why the RBI will remain cautious about relaxing its grip at this juncture," Neumann said.
In the September policy review, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan had left all key rates unchanged citing continued risks to inflation and difficult external situation, especially on the geopolitical front. This was the fourth consecutive time that the RBI kept key interest rates unaltered.
The short-term lending (repo) rate remained at eight per cent, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at four per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Market will not go below 8000 mark: Ambit CapYou are here: Home > Collections > Downside
Markets will not go below 8000 mark: Gaurav Mehta
ET Now Nov 3, 2014, 11.47AM IST
Tags:
equities
In a chat with ET Now, Gaurav Mehta , VP-Institutional Equities, Ambit Capital, shares his views on the markets. Edited Excerpts:
ET Now: Do we see 30,000 coming in by March end? Do you think the current wave will take us to 30,000, and then we are going to peter down from there?
Gaurav Mehta: That is a difficult call. If you look at the downside for the current markets, we were struggling in that 8150-8200 band for some period of time. The downside might not be material. It may go to 8100 to 8000 at max. From that point of view, it is very difficult to exactly time as to when do we go to 30,000. Broadly speaking we stay constructive on equities in general and we think downsides now should be fairly limited.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Key function of crashed Virgin spacecraft deployed early  says US bodyKey function of crashed Virgin spacecraft deployed early, says US body
Reuters
Tweet
Christopher Hart, acting chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), uses a model during a news conference in Mojave, California, on Sunday. Hart, the head of the US federal agency examining last week's fatal crash of a Virgin Galactic passenger spaceship, said the vehicle appears to have broken apart in flight. - Reuters
MOJAVE, Calif., Nov 3:  
The investigation into last week's deadly crash of the Virgin Galactic spaceship has found that the "feathering" function to help it descend into the atmosphere from space was deployed early, the National Transportation Safety Board said on Sunday.
SpaceShipTwo's rotating tail boom, a key safety feature for re-entering the atmosphere, inadvertently rotated early, said Christopher Hart, the acting chairman of the NTSB.
The federal agency is leading the investigation into what caused the spacecraft to crash in California's Mojave Desert during a test flight on Friday, killing one pilot and badly injuring the other.
Virgin Galactic is the fledgling space tourism company of billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson.
Hart told a news conference late on Sunday investigators had determined the "feathering" system should have been deployed when the vehicle was travelling about 1.4 times the speed of sound. Instead, the feather began rotating when the vehicle was travelling at Mach 1, he said.
The system, which folds the vehicle in half to create more atmospheric drag, was unlocked early by the co-pilot but a second command to move the feather handle into position was not sent, he said.
Investigators also recovered SpaceShipTwo's propellant tanks and engine intact, indicating there was no explosion.
"The engine burn was normal up until the extension of the feathers," Hart told presspersons.
He emphasised that the NTSB was not saying the early deployment of the ship's feather was the cause of the accident and stressed that the investigation was in its earliest stages.
"We have months and months of investigation," Hart said.
SpaceShipTwo was conducting test flights and was not yet certified for commercial operations when the crash occurred, delaying indefinitely the start of passenger service.
Branson and his son plan to fly on the first commercial flight. About 800 people already have paid or put down deposits for the ride, which costs $250,000.
The two pilots involved were employees of Scaled Composites, a Northrop Grumman Corp subsidiary that designed and built the six-passenger, two-pilot craft for Virgin Galactic.
Michael Alsbury, 39, has been identified as the co-pilot who died. Peter Siebold, the 43-year-old pilot riding in the right-hand seat, parachuted to the ground and was recovering at a nearby hospital, Scaled Composites said in a statement.
Friday's crash was the second disaster in less than a week suffered by a private space company.
On Tuesday, an Antares rocket built and launched by Orbital Sciences Corp exploded after liftoff from Wallops Island, Virginia, destroying a cargo ship bound for the International Space Station.
Virgin Galactic is a US offshoot of the London-based Virgin Group founded by Branson, whose empire ranges from airlines to music stores and mobiles phones.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Gold futures fall to Rs 26 029 on global cuesGold futures fall to Rs 26,029 on global cues
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Gold futures fell 0.41 per cent to Rs 26,029 per 10 grams today as participants indulged in reducing their exposures, largely in tandem with global trend.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in December fell Rs 106 or 0.41 per cent to trade at Rs 26,029 per 10 grams in a turnover of 862 lots.
Similarly, the metal for delivery in February next year shed Rs 114 or 0.4 per cent to Rs 26,210 per 10 grams in 23 lots.
Globally, the yellow metal lost over 1.00 per cent to $1,161.35 an ounce, the lowest level since July 2010 in Singapore.
Analysts said a weak trend overseas after the US Federal Reserve ended asset purchases, weighed on gold prices at the futures trade.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Publicis to buy US-based Sapient for $3.7 blnPublicis to buy US-based Sapient for $3.7 bn
Reuters
Tweet
Paris, Nov 3:  
Publicis, the world’s third-largest advertising holding company, has agreed to acquire Sapient in an all-cash transaction for $25 per share, valuing the US digital advertising specialist at $3.7 billion.
Publicis said on Monday that the deal has been approved unanimously by its management and supervisory boards, as well as by the board of Sapient, which will recommend shareholders tender their shares.
The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of next year. Citigroup has committed to financing the bid.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Centre for Zoo Sciences to be set upCentre for Zoo Sciences to be set up
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Government today announced setting up of a Centre for Zoo Sciences to assist recognised Indian zoos as well as zoos in South Asia in their development and management on scientific lines.
“We will have a Centre for Zoo Sciences,” Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar said, adding there will be facilities for teaching, research, experiments and sharing of ideas like in universities.
“We are thinking of setting up a Centre for Zoo Sciences in New Delhi to bring about a turn around in the functioning of the zoos and to infuse scientific and technical culture in the present system and make our zoos more visitor friendly,” he said.
The Minister was speaking after inaugurating the 69th annual conference of World Association of Zoos and Aquariums here. World zoo leaders have gathered in the national capital to attend the conference to be concluded on November 6.
Talking to PTI, officials in the Environment Ministry said the proposed centre is visualised to act as a Technical Advisor to the Central Zoo Authority and provide expert help to the states and Union Territories in ‘ex-situ’ conservation breeding of endangered species.
It is envisaged to function as a referral centre for captive wild animal housing, zoo designing, master planning, disease diagnosis, visitor facilitations, marketing and other related issues for all the zoos in the country as well as for the zoos of the South Asia, they said.
Training courses for in service zoo personnel and stakeholders in India as well as for zoo personnel of South Asian countries will be organised at the centre.
There will be facilities to conduct applied and field research in ‘ex-situ’ wildlife conservation and maintenance of “long-term National Studbooks for endangered species in Indian zoos in the proposed centre,” officials said.
Studbooks is an important tool in scientifically managing ex situ population of wild animals and ensuring their sufficient size, demographic stability and high level of genetic diversity.
They said since its inception in 1992, the Central Zoo Authority has evaluated 347 zoos, out of which 164 have been recognised and 183 denied recognition.
Out of 183 zoos refused recognition, 92 have been closed down and their animals relocated suitably. Cases of the remaining 91 derecognised zoos are currently under review, they said.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

India economic summit from Nov 4-6India economic summit from Nov 4-6
Navadha Pandey
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
The World Economic Forum in partnership with the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) will host the India Economic Summit in New Delhi from November 4 to November 6 under the theme ‘Redefining public-private cooperation for a new beginning’.
“This year’s summit would focus on issues such as gender equality, smart cities and climate change, apart from business and industry,” said CII Director-Geneal Chandrajit Banerjee.
The annual summit will see 700 participants from 45 countries and Union Ministers such as Arun Jaitley, Nitin Gadkari, Nirmala Sitaraman, Smriti Irani, Nitin Gadkari and Piyush Goyal are expected to attend.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Asia s factory growth ebbing  makes case for more stimulusAsia's factory growth ebbing, makes case for more stimulus
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Nov 3:  
Asia’s factories are reporting a generalised loss of momentum that speak volumes about the need for more policy stimulus, on top of Japan’s latest efforts to ignite growth.
A raft of regional manufacturing surveys on Monday were littered with unwelcome landmarks, including a five-month low for activity in China, a four-month trough for South Korea and a 14-month low for Indonesia.
China’s services sector
Even China’s long resilient services sector saw growth ebb to the slowest in nine months as the cooling property sector weighed on demand.
“We still see uncertainties, given the property downturn as well as the slow pace of global recovery, and expect further monetary and fiscal easing measures in the months ahead,’’ said Hongbin Qu, chief economist for China at HSBC.
HSBC manufacturing PMI
HSBC’s own version of the purchasing management index (PMI) compiled by Markit was a whisker firmer at 50.4 in October, from September’s 50.2, but showed growth slowing in output and new orders, while companies trimmed staff levels for the 12th straight month.
Beijing has already cut taxes, quickened some investment projects, offered short-term loans to banks, instructed local governments to spend their budgets and reduced the amount of deposits that some banks hold as reserves to spur lending.
So far, lower mortgage rates have not revived the housing market as quickly as some had hoped, with prices falling for a sixth consecutive month in October, according to one private survey.
Bank of Japan’s stimulus measures
Readings on Japanese activity were delayed by a holiday but will likely be overshadowed by the central bank’s decision on Friday to expand its already massive asset buying programme in a sudden change of tack that stunned financial markets.
The bold move has raised expectations the European Central Bank will eventually have to bite the bullet on quantitative easing, even if not at its meeting on Thursday.
“In this environment of subdued growth and long-term low-flation, we expect the ECB to announce the purchase of government bonds of euro area member states by early next year at the latest,’’ said Apolline Menut, an analyst at Barclays.
That outlook is one reason the euro caved to a fresh two-year trough of $1.2444 on Monday, and why the dollar reached a seven-year peak on the yen at 112.98.
US manufacturing data
The relative outperformance of the US economy should be evident in the ISM survey of manufacturing out later on Monday which is expected to hold at a healthy 56.2 in October.
The October payrolls report on Friday is also forecast to show a solid increase of around 231,000.
Exports lacking
As usual in Asia, the data flow from China dominated the trading day and made for sober reading.
China’s official PMI for the services sector fell to 53.8 in October, down from September’s 54.0 and the weakest reading since January, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
The comparable measure for manufacturing eased to 50.8 in October, from September's 51.1, confounding analysts’ expectations for an improvement to 51.2.
Foreign demand was partly to blame as the index for new export orders shrank to 49.9 in October.
South Korea export orders
The same trend was evident in South Korea, where new export orders were down for a third straight month and at the lowest in 14 months.
The overall HSBC/Markit PMI for South Korea fell to a seasonally adjusted 48.7 in October, from 48.8 in September, the lowest since June.
Even Taiwan’s privileged position as a major supplier of Apple products could not prevent some slowing as its PMI slipped to the lowest in 13 months at 52.0.
A rare bright spot was India, where the HSBC PMI rose to 51.6 in October, from 51.0 in September, extending its run above 50 to a full year.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Spirited  but misplaced opposition of ChhattisgarhCongressPCC chief Bhupesh Baghel driving a tractor on Saturday. Leader of opposition TS Sinhadev and congress spokesperson SN Trivedi with him. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Raipur | Posted: November 3, 2014 12:20 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 3:34 pm
Topmost police officers of Chhattisgarh monitored the Congress leaders as they rode bullock carts and drove tractors to lead a farmers’ agitation and enforce an economic blockade in the state on Saturday.
The Congress had deliberately chosen a day when Chief Minister Raman Singh’s showcase event Rajyotsava (state’s annual function) had its inauguration. Thousands of members, besides PCC chief, were arrested, bullocks seized and the party had managed to dent the Rajyotsava glitz.
The party that’s fast losing ground across the country still maintains the space and the spirit of opposition in Chhattisgarh. Misplaced, however, it is.
The Congress wants the Singh government to continue with complete paddy procurement and paddy bonus, essential parts of BJP’s manifesto that has now gathered the Centre’s disapproval. The Congress twists the knife by pointing that Centre’s refusal to even respond to Singh’s letters on bonus indicates that the state had lost its face and voice before the Narendra Modi government.
This stand might gain some political space, does not make a sound opposition. Chhattisgarh farmers need to be pulled out of the paddy cycle and moved towards cash crops. Heavily tilted towards paddy cultivation, Chhattisgarh’s agrarian economy is no longer sustainable. The Congress, which has big farmers in its ranks including state chief Bhupesh Baghel, now has a space for capturing rural areas by suggesting methods to overcome the present crisis. Instead of taking to the streets, it could quietly work with farmers and lead them to greener pasture.
The role of opposition is not just to register a loud presence, but also offering lasting solutions. That’s where the opposition seizes the initiative, quietly, and fortifies its base. The Chhattisgarh BJP, at present, seems unable to grapple with the new Centre. The Congress, unlike other states, carries little baggage of its first family here and comes across as a party on its own. Thrown open thus is an interesting battle. Its ability to transform the opposition space could define the Congress’ existence in Chhattisgarh.

Deaths of babies at Dominican hospital raisealarmPrint
In this Oct. 15, 2014, children share beds in the Emergency Room of the Robert Reid Cabral Children's Hospital in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. Officials and doctors concede the hospital is understaffed, under funded and overfilled. Patients are known to be crowded onto the same bed. The hospital director says that only occurs in the emergency room, not after patients have been admitted. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Santo Domingo | Posted: November 3, 2014 12:17 pm
Rosa Elba Santana struggles to comprehend what went tragically wrong for her infant twins at the Robert Reid Cabral Children’s Hospital, one of the few places for someone with a sick kid and not much money in the Dominican capital.
Rosanna and Isaac died, according to their death certificates, from a bacteriological infection. But the clinical explanation only raises more questions for Santana, who took the month-old twins to the state-run hospital because the girl had stomach pains and the boy seemed to have trouble breathing.
“I took them to be checked, not because it was serious,” the 20-year-old mother said in a sparsely furnished home with a dirt floor where she is living with her toddler son, mother and a sister. “Instead of getting better, they got worse.”
Her twins were among 11 babies who died at Robert Reid Cabral over three days in early October, a cluster of deaths that shocked Dominicans and brought what some say is long-overdue attention to one of the country’s most important medical institutions. It also raises questions about overall quality of health care for the poor in the Dominican Republic.
Following the deaths, President Danilo Medina appointed a commission to investigate. It found significant shortcomings at the hospital, leading to the firings of the nation’s health minister, the hospital director and others, even as officials have defended the overall care at the 300-bed facility.
The commission, led by the attorney general, determined in a preliminary investigation that infections contracted in the hospital were responsible for the deaths of four of the 11 children, including Santana’s twins. Four other deaths stemmed from “deficiencies in the quality” of medical care, including a failure that lasted several hours in the system that supplies oxygen to the hospital’s respirators. In only one of the deaths did the patient receive adequate treatment, their report found.
The ousted director, Rosa Nieves Paulino, who was deputy director for seven years before moving to the top job when Medina took office in 2012, sought to defend her tenure by noting that the hospital’s mortality rate declined in recent years. Even so, the death rate is three times the national average for public hospitals and there were continued…

BJP fields youth  leaders with clean image for KashmirpollsBJP has also kept in mind their winning prospectus so as to achieve the desired 44-mark in the 87 member legislative assembly.
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: November 3, 2014 12:09 pm
The BJP in its first list of candidates for upcoming assembly elections in Jammu and Kashmir has tried to give it a new and rejuvenated look by preferring people who are young and with clean public image over repeating the veteran and tainted ones.
All its six sitting MLAs, who had allegedly cross voted in favour of Congress and National Conference candidates during the 2011 legislative council polls, do not find any mention in party’s first list of 45 candidates released on Sunday. The biggest surprise has been the absence of even the BJP two-time MLA from Jammu East constituency and its legislature party leader Ashok Khajuria who appears to have paid the price for his failure to keep the party flock together and avoid such an embarrassing situation as party’s state unit president during cross voting.
In doing so, it has on one hand given a clear message that the BJP is not going to tolerate any such corrupt practice aimed at betraying the public and the party trust reposed in its leaders, it has also tried to present the party with a new, clean and rejuvenated look before people during election time. While making attempt to reassure people that its nominees will withstand all their tests under whatsoever circumstances, it has also kept in mind their winning prospectus so as to achieve the desired 44-mark in the 87 member legislative assembly.
Bali Bhagat who replaced party’s sitting MLA Bharat Bhushan Bodi in Rapur Domana constituency is party’s general secretary and a fire brand leader who had kept the party’s flag high even during peak militancy in Chenab Valley region comprising Doda, Kishtwar and Ramban districts. He had been in the forefront of demand for constitution of village defence committees (VDCs) who gave a befitting fight to armed terrorists and checked migration of Hindus from their native places.
Similary, Ajay Nanda has replaced the sitting MLA Baldev Raj Sharma in Reasi. The former is the youngest son of BJP’s well known and popular leader late Madho Lal Nanda, advocate, known for his honesty and integrity. The latter for the sake of party unity always preferred to withdraw his claim for mandate in favour of party veteran Rishi Kumar Koushal. Baldev, apart from his alleged involvement in cross voting episode, was facing public criticism for not visiting Reasi after his election to the assembly in 2008.
Similarly, it has replaced its another MLA Jagdish Raj Sapolia by Ch Lal Singh in Basohli. The latter, a two-time Congress legislator and MP from Udhampur had joined BJP few months ago after leaving the Congress. He is also known as a firebrand leader who tried to improve medical and health services during his tenure as Health Minister in Mufti Sayeed’s coalition government in the state.
The other sitting MLAs, whose names have been dropped include Durga continued…

High Energy Batteries (India) reports standalone net loss of Rs 1.19 crore in the September 2014 quarterHigh Energy Batteries (India) reports standalone net loss of Rs 1.19 crore in the September 2014 quarter
Rupee Down 10 Paise Against Dollar On Demand For US UnitRupee Down 10 Paise Against Dollar On Demand For US Unit
Australia shares close down after sluggish China data  building approvalsAustralia shares close down after sluggish China data  building approvals
Suven Life Sciences announces commencement of Phase I clinical trial in USSuven Life Sciences announces commencement of Phase I clinical trial in US
Wagah blast: Alert on India-Pak border  land trade haltedWagah blast: Alert on India-Pak border  land trade halted
Bollywood Actor Sadashiv Amrapurkar dies at 64Bollywood Actor Sadashiv Amrapurkar dies at 64
Are valuations in the Indian e-commerce space in bubble territory noware valuations in the indian e-commerce space in bubble territory now
Previous Poll | Will markets continue their bull run post Diwaliprevious poll | will markets continue their bull run post diwali
Kiss of Love  to protest moral policing in KeralaComments
Protesters on Wednesday tore up posters promoting a mass-kissing campaign in Kerala’s port city of Kochi, saying it was against India’s traditional culture.
A group of netizens had announced plans to hold the “Kiss of Love” drive on November 2 to protest against moral policing by right-wing groups.
The campaign was launched on social media after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised last week by a group of people who criticised the public display of affection by some couples there.
The attack came after a news channel owned by a political party carried a report on October 23 with visuals of “immoral activities” allegedly taking place at the establishment, showing young couples kissing and embracing.
“Moral policing is a criminal activity. Most political parties and religious organisations try to do that. A group of young bloods join their hands together to prove to society that the kiss is the symbol of love,” says the Facebook page of the campaign that has already received over 10,000 likes.
According to reports, the posters were torn up by a group of men who did not specify whether they belonged to or supported a political group.
Police have denied permission for the event scheduled to be held at the Marine Drive where couples have been invited at 5pm on Sunday.
“We can’t prevent people from assembling. But if it creates a law and order problem and traffic snarls, we will arrest and remove them from the spot,” said Kochi deputy commissioner of police Nishanthini.
The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) and Yuva Morcha – the BJP’s youth wing – said they would not disrupt the function.
The organisers said their aim was not to target any political party or group but to draw attention to the fact that it was not acceptable to disrupt someone’s privacy citing flimsy moral reasons.
“Criminalisation of affection and love is really bad. The attack against the coffee shop was just a trigger. Sadly this tendency is growing everywhere,” said S Rahul, one of the organisers.
The event is reminiscent of the 2009 Pink Chaddi Campaign in Mangalore where hundreds of people sent pink underwear on Valentine’s Day to the office of a right-wing group that allegedly attacked some women at a pub.
The event planners said they may conduct such drives in other cities after gauging the success of their first attempt. While some Bengaluru-based software professionals said they would drive down to Kochi to participate in the event, the LGBT (lesbians, gays, bi-sexual and transgender) community, too, has pledged its support.
The organisers expect at least 10,000 couples to be present at the mass-kissing programme.
“Lovers will kiss each other. We want to send a strong signal to the moral police that violence can’t overcome love,” Rahul said.
(With agency inputs)

Centre gives black money full list to SC  names to remain secretCentre gives black money full list to SC, names to remain secret
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 29, 2014
First Published: 09:16 IST(29/10/2014) | Last Updated: 10:13 IST(2/11/2014)
The government on Wednesday submitted a list of 627 Indians holding accounts in HSBC Bank, Geneva, to the Supreme Court, which directed its special investigating team (SIT) to examine them and take appropriate action.
Supreme Court of India (Mohd. Zakir/HT file photo)
Handing over a sealed envelope, attorney general Mukul Rohatgi said it contained three documents — the government’s correspondence with the French government, the list of names and a status report.
A special bench headed by Chief Justice of India HL Dattu refused to open the envelope, saying it would be done by the SIT chairman and vice-chairman. “We don’t want to open these papers and embarrass anyone. That has never been our intention,” it said.
Scheduling the next hearing for December 3, it asked the SIT to submit a status report by November 30 after ascertaining who had black money accounts abroad.
The Centre had on Monday disclosed eight names in an affidavit — including those of Dabur India promoter Pradip Burman, a bullion trader and the directors of a Goa mining company, all facing prosecution. Earlier, it had revealed 18 other names.
On Tuesday, the top court directed the government to submit the full list after the latter said it wasn’t possible to make the names of all foreign bank account holders public as all of them may not be guilty of tax evasion. Rejecting the Centre’s submission that such action would breach the privacy of legal account holders, the CJI said, “If it breaches confidentiality, let it be so.”
But on Wednesday, when Rohatgi asked him to open the sealed envelope, he refused to do so.
It was also not clear why the court insisted on getting the list from the government when the latter had submitted it to the court-appointed SIT in June.
Rohatgi told the court the details of account holders were for the year 2006. The data, stolen from HSBC in Geneva, were supplied to France, which passed it on to India in 2011. He said half the account holders were Indian residents who could be prosecuted under income tax laws and the rest were NRIs. Several have admitted to holding foreign accounts but maintain they have paid taxes, he added.
Rohatgi also told the court that most transactions had taken place during 1999 and 2000 and under law, the last date for completion and assessment of all cases was March 31, 2015. Under the IT Act, prosecution for tax evasion can be initiated up to 16 years after the offence.
According to SIT chairman MB Shah, the report submitted by the government has no new details, and the list was the same as the one given to it earlier this year. “We have to question the people named in it,” he told a TV channel.
“The probe is difficult. There is no eyewash. The report will take time. We have already filed the first report in August. I’m hopeful that we should be able to file the final report by next year,” he added.
The Centre, meanwhile, was allowed by the court to raise its objections against making all the names public before the SIT.
“The SIT is headed by two retired SC judges. They are not laymen. Tell them the problems you may face if the names are revealed and let the SIT take a decision on future course of action,” it said.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi set up the SIT team comprising regulators and ex-judges to identify illicit fund-holders and repatriate money on the first day in office, as part of a wider clampdown on corruption that he promised during his election campaign.
The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had also accused the previous Congress government of failing to crack down on Indians parking billions of untaxed dollars abroad.
The issue of disclosing the names of foreign bank account holders hogged the political limelight recently, with Jaitley saying the opposition party would be embarrassed if such a revelation was made.
The Congress, on its part, asked the government to come out with complete information without indulging in "selective leaks" and pointed out that "the Congress is not going to be blackmailed under any such threat".
The NDA government said on Monday that Swiss authorities had agreed to provide information to help India investigate leaked accounts, after earlier saying such assistance would break Swiss law.
The court is hearing a public interest petition filed by former law minister Ram Jethmalani in 2009 seeking a direction to the Centre to bring back black money stashed by Indians abroad. Jethmalani had accused the government of attempting to shield powerful politicians and businessmen.
Aam Aadmi Party chief Arvind Kejriwal has also filed an application requesting the court to hear him in the matter.
While there are no official estimates, Global Financial Integrity (GFI), a Washington-based think-tank, has estimated that Indians had salted away $462 billion (about 28 lakh crore in current exchange rates) in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008.
Black money arises mainly from incomes not disclosed to the government usually to avoid taxation, and, sometimes, because of its criminal links. About a third of India's black money transactions are believed to be in real estate, followed by manufacturing and shopping for gold and consumer goods.
The Congress, meanwhile, said the central government cannot take credit for revealing names of people holding black money abroad when it did so on a Supreme Court directive.
"It is wrong for anyone to take credit for anything that is (being done) by the order of the Supreme Court," party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.
The BJP's estranged ally Shiv Sena, too, credited the Supreme Court with bringing out the names in the first list in public domain.
 
"Blackmoney was made a major issue during the Lok Sabha elections (of 2014). The government will not understand how difficult it is to bring back the blackmoney stashed abroad. The Centre has only revealed three names, but the credit for that will go only to the Supreme Court," the Sena said in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana', describing the names revealed so far as only a 'tip of the iceberg'.
Continuing with his attack on the government, Kejriwal accused the Centre of sparing the big fish holding black money abroad.
"There should not be selective revelation of names. The big fish are being let off," he told the media.
(with agency inputs)

Maharashtra: Sena reaches out to BJP  but Uddhav may have Plan BThe Shiv Sena made another desperate effort on Thursday to reach out to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), even as it promised to announce its stand on joining the Devendra Fadnavis government soon.
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray addresses a party rally in Mumbai. (Agencies)
The Sena, in an editorial in mouthpiece Saamna, praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi and chief minister-designate Devendra Fadnavis, saying the state can expect 'acchhe din' (good days) under them, but cautioned its former ally against accepting Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP's) support.
 
It said that the first big challenge the Fadnavis government will face will be the floor test and that if the BJP seeks support from the Sharad Pawar-led NCP, it will raise questions about its credibility.
 
"You (BJP) have come to power by promising to convert Maharashtra into a corruption free and a Congress-NCP free state.
You (Devendra Fadnavis) come from the Vidarbha region where the NCP had carried out a huge irrigation scam," the Sena said.
Meanwhile, Fadnavis is in Delhi to hold talks with and BJP president Amit Shah, just a day ahead of the Maharashtra CM's swearing-in ceremony at the Wankhede Stadium.
Uddhav's party has also told the BJP to include its leaders in the oath-taking ceremony, TV channels reported early Thursday, quoting unnamed sources.
A Sena leader told mediapersons on Wednesday, "We met (Shiv Sena chief) Uddhav Thackeray and discussed the future course of action with him. The wait is over now, just one more day. We will announce our decision tomorrow (Thursday)."
However, there are also indications that the Sena was ready with a Plan B, which includes Uddhav's party contesting the assembly speaker's poll — a move that could make the BJP uncomfortable.
The BJP, which has 122 seats in the 288-member Maharashtra assembly, needs 23 more legislators to reach the magic figure. BJP legislator, Govind Rathod (elected from Nanded district), died of a heart attack last Sunday. With the support of small parties and independents, the BJP's tally is around 135.
The NCP, with 41 MLAs, has offered unconditional support to the BJP on the day election results were declared. Some reports also said the BJP was prepared to run a minority government.
But, speculations are rife that the BJP will finally join hands with the Sena. The two parties parted ways ahead of the October 15 elections following differences over the sharing of seats.
While the Sena is demanding one-third of the portfolios in the Maharashtra cabinet - and the swearing-in of two of their ministers with Fadnavis' team - the BJP continues to play hardball with its former ally, apparently buoyed by the advantageous position it is in.
Even though JP Nadda, the newly-appointed BJP general secretary in charge of Maharashtra, said his party wanted to take the Sena along, there are reports that no breakthrough was in sight yet.
A top central BJP leader, when asked if there was any headway in discussions with the Sena, said talks would resume only after the oath- taking ceremony on Friday.
"No talks (with Sena) are currently underway. Our whole focus is on making October 31 a grand success. We will resume talks only after that," he told PTI, speaking on the condition of anonymity.
Meanwhile, a source said Uddhav was prepared for the worst and had started working on an alternative.
The Sena has zeroed in on the names of some of its legislators for the leader of opposition position.
According to Sena leaders, the BJP is asking them to be part of the government without any concrete proposal, and that is unacceptable to Uddhav.
"If we are going to be part of the government, then we should know how many ministries we will get. We need our ministers to be sworn in along with the BJP ministers.
"Right now, all the BJP has said is 'come on board and then we will decide'. The Sena doesn't want to seem like a beggar. It has been conveyed to Uddhavji that we are ready to sit in the opposition," said a senior Sena legislator, adding that the Sena chief did not want to seem as being "unreasonable" by refusing to speak with the BJP.
Another legislator said the BJP must realise that before proving majority in the assembly, they will have to elect a Speaker.
The Sena is in talks with the NCP and the Congress to support a Sena candidate for the post.
If this happens, the BJP will then be forced to deal with the Sena for all decisions in the House, including passing important bills.
"...things will get difficult for the BJP on the floor of the House," said the MLA.
(with agency inputs)

New York woman who was harassed 100 times in 10 hours gets rape threatsNew York woman who was harassed 100 times in 10 hours gets rape threats
Agencies
print
A video that shows a woman being harassed by men on the streets of New York over 100 times within 10 hours has gone viral. The actor, Shoshana Roberts, has now spoken out on her entire experience that has been created to heighten awareness of street harassment.
Roberts and her friend secretly recorded her walking through the streets of New York City in jeans and a T-shirt as man after man greets her with remarks such as "hey, baby" or "hey, beautiful”. When she does not respond, she is admonished for being rude with comments such as "smile" or "somebody's acknowledging you for being beautiful. You should say thank you more."
The actress describes the motive as, “The frequency is something alarming, and people might know that this was happening but not to the degree that it actually is."
Watch: NYC woman who filmed herself being harassed on the streets speaks out
The two-minute video called '10 Hours of Walking in NYC as a Woman' has been viewed over 13 million times since being uploaded to YouTube on Tuesday. As views of the video skyrocketed, Roberts said she had received violent threats online. "The majority of the reactions by email were positive but unfortunately a few ones were negative, involving hurting me, killing me. I'm going to go to the police because I don't feel safe," the actress added.
The video has been produced for charity Hollaback!, which works to end street harassment endured by women and minority groups. The charity said Roberts was also threatened with rape in some comments to the YouTube post. Hollaback! executive director said, "We want this video to show people who are harassed that they are not alone, that we have their back. And for the people doing the harassing, want them to see the impact that this has on us."
Roberts said pestering is a daily reality, which may not always be verbal.
 Watch: 10 Hours of Walking in NYC as a Woman

Weekly roundup: Record time for stock marketsRahul Oberoi      Follow @iamrahuloberoi    Last Updated: October 31, 2014  | 19:27 IST
Photo: Reuters
It was a phenomenal week for equity markets as benchmark indices rose over 3% to touch record highs. The Sensex and the Nifty rose 3.36% and 3.20%, respectively, ending the week at their all-time closing highs of 27,865.83 and 8,322.20, respectively.
Experts say the trend is here to stay and strengthen further in the coming sessions.
The reasons for the rise were fall in oil prices, strong US economic data and the Japanese central bank's decision to ease policy.
Good earnings reported by index heavyweights such as Maruti Suzuki , Tech Mahindra, Ranbaxy and YES bank, besides buying by foreign institutional investors, or FIIs, supported the trend.
Jayant Manglik, president, retail distribution, Religare Securities, says, "The rally was led by firm global cues and fuelled by strong results from index majors. Besides, the sentiment got a lift after international ratings agency Moody's termed recent measures by the government and the RBI on economic, fiscal and financial fronts as 'credit positive' for the economy."
"For investors, at this stage, selecting a stock is the key, as markets are trading at life-time highs. So, one must be extra cautious and prefer index majors and liquid stocks from the mid-cap space for trading positions. And, most important, one must stay with the trend and avoid contrarian trades."
Vivek Gupta, CMT, director of research, CapitalVia Global Research, says, "If the Nifty remains above its immediate support of 8,200 in the short term, it is expected to continue the bull run and make more new highs in the days to come."
Among sector indices, the S&P BSE Consumer Durables index rose the most (5.5%) during the week. It was followed by S&P BSE Realty (3.12% to 1530.56) and BSE Metal (2.68% to 11628.17).
FIIs were net buyers of shares worth Rs 2,328 crore. But on a monthly basis, they were net sellers of stocks worth Rs 1,171 crore.
Vinay Khattar, associate director and head of research, Edelweiss, says, "From the start of September till mid-October there was some cooling off by FIIs due to risk aversion in global markets. However, with the European central bank starting its asset purchase programme and geopolitical tensions cooling off, we expect FIIs to remain overweight on Indian equities."
In the BSE 100 index, Bajaj Auto, Yes Bank, Maruti Suzuki, Axis Bank, IndusInd Bank, Cummins India, Ashok Leyland, Kotak Mahindra Bank and Titan company touched all-time highs during the week.
On Monday, Monsanto, Dabur, Tirumal chemicals, Nitin fire, WockPharma, Tube Investments, Astrazen and Bank of India are slated to announce their second quarter earnings.

S&P 500 ends at record after BoJ boostS&P 500 ends at record after BoJ boost
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34ecde5a-60aa-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US: As Election Day nears  Barack Obama takes center stageUS President Barack Obama and the top Senate Republican offered clashing views about the nation's trajectory on Saturday.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:42 am
US President Barack Obama and the top Senate Republican offered clashing views about the nation’s trajectory on Saturday in the final weekend before a national election in which control of the Senate, the House and 36 governorships will be at stake.
Obama emphasized economic growth during his tenure while Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell depicted events he says seem to be spinning out the White House’s control.
Republicans need to gain six seats to come away with the biggest prize in Tuesday’s election – control of the Senate during Obama’s final two years in office which would give them more power to thwart his legislative agenda and block key nominations. The party is all but certain to hold its majority in the House of Representatives.
With just three days remaining before Tuesday’s election, polls show an unusually high number of Senate races remaining too close to call – with polls showing 10 states in which the candidates are separated by 5 percentage points or less. Two states, Georgia and Louisiana, require runoffs if no candidate gets at least 50 percent of the vote, raising the possibility that the Senate majority might not be decided for weeks.
Obama and McConnell, in their parties’ radio and Internet addresses, did find some common ground.
They agreed that many Americans’ wages are still falling behind. But Obama blamed Congress for not acting on measures such as raising the minimum wage, and McConnell faulted Obama for policies he said have failed.
“We’ve got to harness this momentum and make the right choices so that everyone who works hard can get ahead,” Obama said. He stressed the need for policies that make the economy friendlier to women. Democrats need to energise female voters and get them to the polls if they want to overcome Republican advantages in several states.
McConnell, who is locked in a tight Senate race with Democratic challenger Alison Lundergan Grimes, said that “in difficult times, the American people expect real leadership from Washington.”
“What they don’t need are more unworkable ideas that often make the problem worse,” McConnell said.
The sparring heading into Tuesday’s voting underscored the prominent role that Obama has taken in the elections at the midpoint of his second term even though he is not on the ballot. Republicans have tried to make the election about the president, especially in states carried by Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney in 2012 where Obama’s unpopularity runs deeper than in the country as a whole.
While many Democratic candidates have sought to distance themselves from the president by criticising his leadership and avoiding appearing with him, Obama has been enlisted to mobilise core Democratic voters either through campaign rallies over the last week or less overtly through targeted radio ads, mail and Internet messages.
Obama was making continued…

New GDP data with 2011-12 as base year to be released in JanuaryCPI
(The government will also…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to present a more realistic picture of the economy, the government will release a new series of national accounts with 2011-12 as base year for computing the economic growth rate.
The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) data based on the new series will be released for three consecutive years from 2011-12 in January next year.
At present, the GDP is computed on 2004-05 base year. "The new series will better reflect the economy as it would include more sectors. However, it would be difficult to say whether there would be any significant change in growth rates for the previous years," National Statistical Commission Chairman Pronab Sen , who was associated with formulation of the new series, said.
He further said that it may take about one year to ascertain about the change in growth rates of different sectors and economy as a whole based on the new series during the previous years.
"As per the revision policy of the national accounts, the estimates for the year 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14, due for release in January 2015, would have been the third revised estimates, second revised and first revised estimates, respectively," as official statement said.
Since these estimates have been compiled afresh, these would be referred to as "New Series" Estimates, it added.
The government will also be revising the base year for consumer price index ( CPI ), wholesale price index (WPI) and index of industrial production (IIP).
The new series of IIP and WPI are likely to be released by March 2016. The growth in the new series of IIP and WPI would be incorporated in the provisional estimates of 2014-15, to be released in May 2016.
The National Statistical Commission has suggested that the base year for computing national account should be revised every five years.
The base year of the national accounts is changed periodically to take into account the structural changes which take place in the economy and to depict a true picture of the economy through macro aggregates.
The first official estimates of national income were prepared by the Central Statistical Organisation (CSO) with base year 1948-49 for the estimates at constant prices.
These estimates at constant (1948-49) prices along with the corresponding estimates at current prices and the accounts of the Public Authorities were published in the publication, 'Estimates of National Income' in 1956.
With the gradual improvement in the availability of basic data over the years, a comprehensive review of methodology for national accounts statistics has constantly been undertaken with a view to updating the data base and shifting the base year to a more recent year.
The base years of the National Accounts Statistics series have been shifted from 1948-49 to 1960-61 in August 1967; from 1960-61 to 1970-71 in January 1978; from 1970-71 to 1980-81 in February 1988; and from 1980-81 to 1993-94 in February 1999. Thereafter it was changed to 2004-05 in 2006.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What World Bank s crisis of confidence means for IndiaWhy the World Bank is facing a crisis of confidence and what it means for India
Seema Sirohi Nov 2, 2014, 11.32AM IST
Tags:
(It's a searing lesson for…)
Because something is happening here But you don't know what it is, Do you, Mister Jones?
The lines from Bob Dylan's Ballad of a Thin Man, a furious inquisition of a philistine who enters a world he doesn't understand, aptly describe recent events at the World Bank where an "outsider" president, trying to restructure the largest development institution, is faced with fierce questioning on his ideas and methods.
Reorganizing a behemoth of 10,000 employees is no easy task but critics say that President Jim Yong Kim, a physician and anthropologist by training, has gone about his plan to slash $400 million with the delicacy of a hammer, not a scalpel. Anxiety among staff members is high, the morale low and uncertainty reigns.
It's a searing lesson for the BRICS countries as they go about setting up their development bank. The history of of the World Bank and its presidents could be a textbook on how not to be.
President Kim, a Korean American, is caught in a fullfledged culture war — development experts resent his topdown approach, insiders bristle at the outsider's arrogance, sensitized employees question his "dismissive" manner and watchdogs are appalled at his top dogs pocketing hefty bonuses while others get "nickeled and dimed".
The primary charges against Kim: a lack of transparency in the restructuring process, not releasing the budget for projects in time, creating a more centralized decision-making process while promising the opposite, selecting "yes men" of questionable expertise for top positions in newly created silos while firing well-respected managers and finally, losing sight of the clients which are the 188 member countries — for whom the Bank presumably exists.
Secondary charges: a general cluelessness, a proclivity towards control and an over reliance on outside consultants like McKinsey, Deloitte and Booz Allen. Their bill: $12.5 million.
The immediate cause for the open revolt earlier this month, which resulted in "work stoppages" and silent assemblies, was news that Bertrand Badre, the Bank's chief financial officer (CFO), had got an ostentatious bonus in the middle of cost cutting. The explosive information was meticulously dug out and collated by Fabrice Houdart, a young country director whose fearlessness has won him many fans.
Badre received a "scarce skills premium" of $189,000 over two years in addition to his annual salary of $379,000. More egregiously, the bonus came in fiscal year 2014 when the Bank took a financial hit of $203 million on bonds it owned in an Austrian bank that went under. "The decision is inexplicable in a year when the bank put zero money in reserves," said a source in the Bank's governing board of directors.
The Staff Association, experts and data crunchers, asked on September 25: "At a time of employment insecurity, staff downsizing and belt-tightening, we are mystified as to how president Kim and his senior management could be so blind to the optics."
A Sense of Fear
Now Houdart, the whistleblower, is apparently under investigation despite Kim's explicit promises that there would be no retaliation against those who spoke up. A three-man team went to Houdart's office on October 14 and removed the memory disk from his scanner without an explanation. The timing of the operation has led to questions about motives and created a sense of fear. "We have no comment," said the Bank's official spokesman David Theis.
"I have been placed under investigation...( but) let us not let ourselves be intimidated," Houdart wrote on the Bank's internal blog, a copy of which was obtained by ET Magazine. He is ostensibly being targeted for an alleged leak five months ago of an internal draft document on the Bank's new environmental and social safety standards. The document showed the Bank's intention to dilute those standards. Houdart said he had "no access" to the confidential document as a senior country officer.
Meanwhile, other bits of malodorous information about the creamy layer continue to trickle out — how Badre flew to Paris for D-Day celebrations on the Bank's dime, how he teaches a class in Paris and gets compensated. Theis said Badre's trips to Paris follow the Bank's "operational travel policies" and the ethics department had cleared his "small stipend" from the Paris institute.
But Caesar's wife must be above suspicion, as they say. Paul Cadario, a former senior manager of the Bank, says the continuous trickle of negative stories are symptoms of "a spreading lack of trust in leadership and in the example they set, which is far more damaging to the health and effectiveness of any organization, particularly one with goals as noble and important as the Bank's". Cadario, who retired in 2012 after 37 years at the Bank, is unimpressed with the way Kim has handled the process.

Over 300 died in 9 years in communal incidents in Uttar Pradesh: RTIPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 3:00 pm | Updated: November 2, 2014 3:32 pm
Over 300 people lost their lives and 3,000 were injured in incidents of communal violence in Uttar Pradesh in last nine years, according to a RTI reply.
According to information received through the RTI for the period of 2005-2014, 1,271 communal incidents have taken place in Uttar Pradesh in the last nine years, out of which 56 were recorded in 2014 in which 10 persons died and 144 were injured.
In the 1,271 incidents, 336 people lost their lives and 3,107 were injured.
The highest number of communal violence incidents was recorded in 2013 at 247 in which 77 people died and 360 were injured, the Ministry of Home Affairs said in the reply.
It said that public law and order and police administration are state subjects and information about loss of property, number of displaced or arrested persons, is not kept with the Centre.
Year 2005 saw 121 such incidents in the state in which 47 people died while 42 lost their lives in 113 incidents of communal violence in 2006.
138 such incidents were recorded in 2007 in which 37 people died and 397 were injured.
Similarly, 2008 saw 114 incidents of communal violence, the RTI reply said, adding, 18 people died and 408 were injured.
The number of incidents rose to 159 in 2009. 32 people lost their lives and 525 were injured.
The years 2010, 2011, and 2012 121, 121, 84, and 118 such incidents respectively. 22 people lost their lives in 2010, where as 12 and 39 people died in 2011 and 2012 respectively.

`Unauthorised disclosure on black money can sabotage probe`Unauthorised disclosure on black money can sabotage probe’
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 2:  
Lashing out at those, including the Congress party, who want the government to make names of black money holders public, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said unauthorised disclosure of such names can sabotage investigation and benefit the guilty.
“An unauthorised disclosure of information is fraught with both investigation and economic consequences. They can sabotage the investigation. They can attract sanctions in the form of withholding taxes,” he said in a Facebook post on a day when Prime Minister Narendra Modi asserted that all efforts would be made to bring back black money stashed abroad.
Questioning those demanding disclosure of names in violation of tax treaties, Jaitley said: “The Congress Party’s stand is understandable. It does not want evidence to be forthcoming in support of the names available with SIT. Are some others ill informed, just indulging in bravado or are they Trojan horses?”
The Minister exuded confidence that the Special Investigation Team (SIT), which has been entrusted by the Supreme Court with the investigation, will succeed in bringing out the truth and the NDA government made available all the names in its possession to the SIT on 27th June, 2014 itself.
“The NDA Government has had an exemplary record in this matter... It will continue to support the SIT fully and unequivocally in search of truth,” Jaitley said.
The choice before the government was between unauthorised disclosure and disclosure as per treaties, he said, adding that the latter is both a fair and beneficial proposition.
“It will help in collection of evidence and exposure of a wrong doing in accordance with law and fair procedure. A disclosure without evidence would ensure that evidence is never available,” he added.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Kaci Hickox: Abundance of politics led to her N.J. quarantine over Ebola fearsBy Lyndsey Layton November 2 Follow @lyndseylayton
Nurse Kaci Hickox leaves her home in Fort Kent, Maine, to take a bike ride Thursday. (Robert F. Bukaty/Associated Press)
Kaci Hickox, the nurse who treated Ebola patients in Sierra Leone and returned home to defy governors in two states over whether she should be quarantined, said Sunday that she was defending science against politics.
“When Governor [Chris] Christie stated that it was an abundance of caution, which is his reasoning for putting health-care workers in a sort of quarantine for three weeks, it was really an abundance of politics,” she said on NBC’s “Meet the Press.” “And I think all of the scientific and medical and public health community agrees with me on that statement.”
The 33-year-old nurse has been at the center of a national debate about how political leaders should respond to the Ebola threat, and how they should weigh the rights of health workers against the threats to public health.
Hickox got into a public standoff with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) last week after she was detained in an isolation tent near the airport in Newark for several days upon her arrival from Africa, where she had been caring for Ebola patients. Hickox, who showed no symptoms of the disease, said she has been following guidelines on daily self-monitoring issued by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Ebola generally is not transmissible until a person begins to show symptoms, such as fever and diarrhea.
Then Hickox got into a high-profile legal fight when she was transferred from New Jersey to Maine, where she maintains a home. Gov. Paul LePage (R) tried to keep her quarantined at home during the illness’s 21-day incubation period, which for her ends Nov. 10.
On Friday, a Maine judge sided with Hickox, ruling that she must continue daily monitoring of her health but saying that there is no need to isolate her or restrict her movements, because she has no symptoms and is therefore not contagious.
The judge slammed the “misconceptions, misinformation, bad science and bad information” circulating about Ebola.
“We don’t know . . . everything in the world. But we know a lot about Ebola,” Hickox said on “Meet The Press.” “We have been researching this disease for 38 years, since its first appearance in Africa. And we know how the infection is transmitted from person to person. And we know that it’s not transmitted from someone who is asymptomatic, as I am and many other aid workers will be when they return.”
She apologized to her small Maine community, which has been overrun by media. She promised to avoid the center of town. “I will not go into town, into crowded public places,” she said. “You know, I have had a few friends come visit me in my home and that’s absolutely fantastic.”
In a separate interview with the Maine Sunday Telegram that was published Sunday, Hickox said she was haunted by her last night in Sierra Leone, when she watched a young Ebola victim die. “I don’t remember her exact age,” she told the newspaper. “I think she was 10, but to watch a 10-year-old die alone in a tent and know there wasn’t anything you could do … it’s hard.”
Lyndsey Layton has been covering national education since 2011, writing about everything from parent trigger laws to poverty’s impact on education to the shifting politics of school reform.

Modis Man ki Baat: recovering black money is an article of faithModi’s Man ki Baat: recovering black money is an article of faith
Shishir Sinha
Tweet
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi (file photo)
People listening to 'Mann ki Baat' addressed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on a radio in Beawar, Rajasthan on Sunday. PTI
Announces 2 schemes for specially-abled students in his 2{+n}{+d} radio address
New Delhi, Nov 2:  
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi has assured the nation to bring back every ‘single penny’ of black money stashed abroad.
“Trust this Pradhan Sewak. For me, this (black money issue) is a matter of article of faith. Every single penny of poor men’s money taken abroad must be brought back. This is my commitment (to you),” Modi said while addressing the nation in his second edition of ‘Man Ki Baat’ on Radio.
These remarks come days after the Government submitted a list of 627 foreign bank account holders before the Supreme Court in the black money case. The Modi-led government has come under flak for talking in the same language which the earlier UPA Government used to do on black money (in that names of back money holders cannot be revealed because of tax treaties).
Modi made it clear that there is no estimate of how much black money is stashed abroad. He also assured the nation that he would leave no stone unturned.
Clean India mission
Talking about Swachhta Abhiyaan (cleanliness mission), he said that unhygienic situations cause sickness and it is the poor who gets affected first.
“Cleanliness helps the poor. It will help him in getting rid of economic misery,” Modi said. This mission was launched on October 2 and it aims to present a clean India on the occasion of 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Scholarship scheme
He announced a special scholarship scheme for specially-abled students, wanting to go for technical education. It has also been decided to give Rs 1 lakh to each of Kendriya Vidyalaya and Central Universities to create necessary infrastructure for specially-abled students.
Khadi sales
Referring to his appeal to buy at least one khadi cloth in his inaugural address, he expressed happiness that sales of Khadi have gone up by 125 per cent.
Stating that he will talk about drug addiction in his next edition of radio broadcast, he appealed to people to share their views in this regard.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Playing the what-if gameE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Deal surge to boost Hong Kongs rankingDeal surge to boost Hong Kong’s global ranking
Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3d3ebd44-60e6-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Factory activity expands at modest pace in OctFactory output expands at modest pace in October
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 13:36 IST
Photo: Reuters
The manufacturing sector output picked up modestly during October, driven by strong demand conditions and rise in new order flows, an HSBC survey said on Monday.
The headline HSBC India Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) - a composite gauge designed to give a single- figure snapshot of manufacturing business conditions - rebounded from September's nine-month low of 51.0 to 51.6 in October.
Amid reports of stronger demand, production at Indian manufacturers rose for the twelfth successive month in October. A figure above 50 indicates the sector is expanding, while a figure below that level means contraction.
"Manufacturing activity picked up modestly amid stronger output and new order flows, particularly from overseas clients," HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said.
New business also increased for the twelfth month in a row in October, largely owing to the general improvements in demand situation.
In addition, export orders received by Indian manufacturers rose in October, extending the current sequence of growth to 13 months.
However, firms continued to trim purchases and refrained from aggressive inventory accumulation, the report said.
On prices, it said that inflationary pressures remained muted in October. While input prices eased further, the improvement in growth allowed firms to raise margins by increasing output prices slightly.
"This trend could strengthen with growth, which is why the RBI will remain cautious about relaxing its grip at this juncture," Neumann said.
In the September policy review, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan had left all key rates unchanged citing continued risks to inflation and difficult external situation, especially on the geopolitical front. This was the fourth consecutive time that the RBI kept key interest rates unaltered.
The short-term lending (repo) rate remained at eight per cent, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at four per cent.

Here s what will initiate the next leg of bull runeconomic times
("To move to the next level,…)
For India to achieve 8-9% GDP growth, the consumption and investment demand has to pick up. Meanwhile, banking and financial services and industrials will continue to do well, says Ravi Gopalakrishnan in an interview with ET.
Has the Central government been able to meet the market expectations?
There were expectations of a massive push to reforms, given the huge mandate that the government had received. We knew that the initial focus would be on freeing existing projects stuck due to various bottlenecks, such as environmental clearances. A lot of thought has already gone into streamlining these. In fact, until these hurdles are cleared, it will be difficult to go for bigger reforms because global investors have lost confidence and interest over the past several years despite the immense potential that India offers. To move to the next level, the government's bottom-up approach, focussing on streamlining and faster implementation of projects, will pave the way for further reforms. What we know for sure is that India needs foreign investment. As long as there is ease of doing business as well as clarity in terms of regulations and macro stability, global money will flow into the country.
Is the market consolidating at this juncture?
The market probably went a little ahead in its expectations of big-bang reforms and is now trying to consolidate. The positive news is that oil prices have corrected substantially and the rupee has stabilised. The overall investment landscape is looking better than a year ago. The market is now waiting for more positive news in terms of strong corporate results, interest rate cuts, fall in inflation, etc.
Once inflation comes down, the RBI will have more elbow room regarding lowering of interest rates and business confidence will improve. This will push the markets to a new level as the investment cycle starts reviving. In the past five years, the domestic economy has been driven purely by consumption demand. This was primarily due to government initiatives, such as NREGA and hike in minimum support price of food grain, which helped provide more money to people. Though it continues to be strong, the slowdown in the overall economy has had its impact. The real challenge will be reviving the investment demand. For India to achieve 8-9% GDP growth, both consumption and investment demand have to pick up. The market also recognises that this might take some time.
What are your expectations from the current earnings season?
In the current financial year, we can expect 12-13% earnings growth, which is not bad considering the earlier position. The usual pockets of strength will be IT and pharmaceuticals, which have traditionally been doing well. The financial sector is likely to start reflecting better numbers and we will be able to see a clear improvement in terms of a trend in the future.
How do you expect the sectors that are sensitive to the economy to play out?
The companies that are sensitive to economic fluctuations will take at least a year-and-ahalf to grow to their full potential. The process has just started. Currently, there is a 30-40% output gap and the company managements are reporting capacity slack.
  Therefore, their earnings trajectory may not go up significantly in the next 12 months, but growth will start to accelerate subsequently. The past five years have been very difficult for corporate India. Many companies saw it as an opportunity and restructured their operations, but others were forced to sell unproductive and unrelated assets to pare down debt.
Our analysis shows that even if there is a 10% growth in the topline, operating margins can easily go up by 200 basis points. The net profit can also go up by 40-50% because of the operating and financial leverage kicking in. This situation will start panning out by 2016-17, when earnings growth reaches 25-30% or higher. A few companies have already started showing results. You might look at the price and ask why I am paying 18-20 times the earnings for a brick-and-mortar company. which has low RoCE (return on capital employed), low cash flow and high leverage. It is because the market is expecting the earnings growth to improve dramatically over the next 2-3 years. That's when valuations will start looking more realistic.
How are you positioning your portfolio now?

Bajaj Auto s October sales remain flatBajaj Auto s October sales remain flat
FII flows hold key for market in truncated weekMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 13:37 IST
Photo: Reuters
{mosimage}More of short covering than the reemergence of foreign institutional investors flows (FIIs) helped the Indian equity market to touch new all-time high. Last week, the market barometer BSE Sensex hit an all-time high of 27,894.32 on Friday, before closing at an all-time high of 27,865.83. Though some long position has been building in the Indian market, for the market to have legs to climb higher it will require the support of fund flows.
The reason for the interest in Indian market is expectation of global money flowing into the market following weak global economies, especially Europe. Expectation of quantitative easing (QE) in Europe and Japan will see money coming into emerging markets including India, which has been the top performing market among emerging economies.
Japan has already hinted that it will continue its quantitative easing until the economy doesn't see inflation reaching up to 2 per cent. Annually Japan has increased its bond purchase programme from 50 trillion yen to 80 trillion yen. Though there are expectations that money from Japan will flow into global markets, so far unlike the US and Europe, easy money from Japan has not witnessed any huge outflow to other economies. However, strong expectation of another QE in the Euro-Zone will add more liquidity in the world. On Thursday, November 6, the European Central Bank and Bank of England will announce their stance on interest rates, which the market is expecting to remain unchanged. Though the US has announced to stop it's bond purchase programme, it has clearly indicated it is in no hurry to raise interest rates, which is a huge positive for the world markets.
The other major reason for interest in the Indian market has been the sharp fall in global energy prices. Crude oil prices falling from $110 per barrel to $85 per barrel has been seen as a huge positive for the Indian economy and markets. In fact, the 20-23 per cent fall in crude is seen as a boon in a scenario where the fiscal deficit has reached 83 per cent in the first half of FY2015. Most players in the market expect expenditure cut by the government in the next six months of 2014/15.
However, the fall in oil price and domestic petrol and diesel prices couldn't help in increasing automobile sales for October, which will see auto stocks to be in focus during the week. Cement stocks will also be in focus as cement companies report their monthly sales numbers.
Meanwhile, in the truncated week with Indian equity market being closed on November 4 and 6, 2014 on account of Muharrum and Guru Nanak Jayanti, respectively, the market will keep a close eye on HSBC Manufacturing PMI data on Monday, November 3, and HSBC India Services PMI data on Wednesday, November 5. For September 2014, HSBC Manufacturing PMI data was at 51, falling from 52.4 in August 2014, while HSBC Services PMI data for September 2014 was 51.6 from 50.6 in August 2014. Till the index remains above 50 it signifies growth.
Key results like Larsen & Toubro, Jet Airways, Canara Bank, Syndicate Bank , Marico, Dabur India, Jindal Steel & Power, Trent, Sun TV and Glaxosmithkline Pharmaceutical will be in focus.

Kiss of love  Facebook page hackedUber cab rape case: Police conduct raids in UP, no background check on driver
Police are now on the lookout in UP for the radio cab driver who allegedly raped a woman executive in Delhi. Several police teams are conducting raids in different parts of the state, especially in  Mainpuri, because the suspect was a resident of this area. Poll | Why do such crimes continue despite public outrage?
Indian Army on Sunday said the militants' group, which carried out the attack on its Uri camp, was looking to hit civilian targets in order to create fear ahead of the third phase polling in the state.
Black Money Probe
Come with proof, not for 'fishing expedition': Switzerland tells India
As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.

BJP not in favour of forming Govt in Delhi: sourcesDelhi may be heading for fresh elections soon
New Delhi, Nov. 3:  
On Monday morning, Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung met State BJP leaders and was reportedly informed by the party that it w ould not form the Government and would prefer fresh elections instead . However, no official statement has yet been given by the party.
Jung is slated to meet leaders of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) and the Congress later in the day in a bid to end the deadlock over elections in the State, which has been under President’s Rule since February this year.
Last week, Jung wrote to all the parties after the Supreme Court set a deadline of November 11. "In a democracy, President's Rule cannot go on forever. The Lieutenant Governor should have taken a decision on government formation at the earliest instead of waiting for months", the apex court had said.
According to television reports quoting sources close to the BJP, State leaders Satish Upadhyay and Jagdish Mukhi met Jung and conveyed to him that his party would prefer fresh elections. Reports said both the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and party national president Amit Shah were in favour of fresh polls.
In the 70-member Assembly, BJP now has 2 9 seats (three of its MLAs are now Lok Sabha MPs), AAP has 27, Congress has eight, Janata Dal (United) has one and the rest are Independents.
AAP, which quit the Government after 49 days in February on the issue of the Jan Lokpal Bill, made a failed bid to form a Government once again, reportedly with Congress support. The party is now making a strong pitch for fresh elections.
In the afternoon, former Delhi Chief Minister and AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal had tweeted: “LG should first "formally" invite BJP(largest party), seek their "formal" stand, make it public, then invite next party, the way he did in Dec.”
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Our improvements in asset quality will be more accelerated‘Our improvements in asset quality will be more accelerated’
G. BALACHANDAR
Tweet
Poor asset quality of the banking sector has been a cause of serious concern. Bangalore-headquartered Vijaya Bank, however, has managed to do well in containing bad loans. It is confident of maintaining its asset quality in the coming months. And, it is now seeking to achieve higher than the industry growth this fiscal. V. Kannan, Chairman & Managing Director, spoke to The Hindu on the bank’s strategies and focus areas. Excerpts:
You have declared 2014-15 as a “Year of reorienting business for profitability”. What are the focus areas?
Vijaya Bank reached a business level of over Rs.2 lakh crore in 2013-14, and that put the organisation into a mid-size bank in the country. While it is not possible for us to reach No.1 or No.2 size-wise among public sector banks (PSBs), we did achieve success in improving asset quality. So, we took a conscious decision that at least in some efficiency parameters we will grow to be among the Top 5 in PSB table. This is the mission with which we started the year’s plan. Also, everything depends on cost control and yield increase. In the latter, we may not have a major say given the size of our bank. Cost control is something we can definitely do. So, the focus will be on profitability and efficiency. This fiscal our entire effort is to transform the bank into an efficient organisation.
What are the initiatives coming along to support your growth plan?
We identified that service at the ground level will be crucial in achieving our targets. We also found that Vijaya Bank is in a phase where more than 1,000 people retire every year, and this will continue for the next 2-3 years. So, in the last three years, we have gone in for extensive recruitments -1,200 people on an average annually. So, about 30 per cent of the bank staff is less than three years of experience. Grooming them and bringing them under Vijaya Bank service culture is also the focus this year. As part of this, we are going for an extensive training, rather skill development, of these people. We are also taking the help of some external agencies. What is required is not the knowledge, which can be given by our staff training centre, but training them on service culture. They are either at the entry level or scale 1 level. They will be manning the branches, and be responsible for service. And, I can see some visible impact of such training.
Vijaya Bank is much better in asset quality when compared with other PSBs. How did you achieve this?
We have been able to maintain our NPA levels well and, hence, the asset quality is better. As of March 2014, we were Number.1 on the gross NPA table among the PSBs, while ranked No.2 in net NPA. We have a very limited exposure to some of the sectors which have been under stress. Of course, these industries are expected to come out of it soon. For example, power sector has been mainly affected. Yes, we do have exposure in power sector. But 75 per cent of it is on State electricity boards’ DISCOMs (distribution companies), and for which a package has already been worked out. FRP (Financial Restructuring Package) has been implemented in six states. There are other states such as Punjab, Karnataka and Gujarat where we have exposure, but, health-wise, they are in good condition. So, we don’t mind much stress. The other sector was mining and in Infrastructure, it is the road segment. Vijaya Bank has traditionally been taking a very conscious decision on the size of exposure that it will be taking in these segments. I can give a very handful of exposures where my single borrower exposure is above Rs.500 crore. The average size of the exposure in each case may be Rs.100-200 crore. Rather than taking one exposure of Rs.1,000 crore, we take 10 exposures of Rs.100 crore. Even by chance – either due to external or any other reason - if there is delinquency, my balance sheet is not affected. So, our bank has put the best risk management practice in place. Our improvements in asset quality will be more accelerated than some of other PSBs.
Are you confident of sustaining the performance on the asset quality front?
Having achieved Number.1 position in asset quality, we have introduced very stringent entry-level processing. We don’t have any entry- level below BBB rating. We want to maintain it. We want to remember at the same time that when we go for high quality I have to sacrifice on the yield. If I focus excessively on retail … there also I don’t get a yield. About 75 per cent of retail is housing loans, which happen at base rate. On one spectrum, the housing loan is at base rate. AAA and AA are also close to base rate, on the other side. So, my yield doesn’t come from this, but from the mid-segment that includes trading category or SMEs. So, our focus is on this. These advances happen at branch levels, while the higher-end advances such as AAA and AA-rated things happen at head office. So, we are trying to concentrate on the mid- segment with exposure of about Rs.10 lakh to Rs.5 crore levels. These sanctions happen basically at branches or at the regions. And, hence, we have gone for extensive skill development of 30 per cent of staff who will be instrumental for this segment growth. Simultaneously, we have taken a few other steps also. That is Rs.50 crore and above exposure will all be handled by the designated branches so that specialist persons could be posted.
Will 2014-15 also be a stressful year for PSBs with swelling NPAs?
The stress will be the same in this fiscal also. During 2008-2010, extensive restructuring had taken place because of the economic slowdown. From 2010 onwards, we are having the sluggishness coming into the economy. In the case of restructuring, there is borrowing and a repayment schedule. But due to technological or government policy changes or economic slowdown, borrower is not able to keep up the repayment and he needs a reschedule. When one goes for a reschedule, it is believed that things will become alright and the borrower will be able to come out of the difficulty. So, the projections will always be positive. In 2010-11, when all these restructuring took place, the projections would have been positive. Also, in restructuring, the maximum allowed was 10 years with two years of moratorium plus eight years. Imagine those cases of 2009-10 or 2011 that have been rescheduled, their two-year honeymoon period would have been over now and repayment would have commenced. But have all the sectors come back to normal? No. So, the stress continued. While stress continued in industries, they also needed additional dose of help. But you are aware that a second restructuring makes the account as non-performing, and from April 1 onwards, even the first restructuring will be downgrading the accounts as new regulations would have come into effect.
Also, most of the restructuring had the condition that the promoter will sell their stake or bring in equity. Of course, the capital market, of late, index-wise is going up. But prices are at such low level, even the promoters don’t want to raise money. If market revives, they will able to bring in their equity, and that will ease the problem. On the other hand, they trying to sell of their assets, but again the valuations were depressed though it has now revived. Thus, slippages and stress are expected to continue for another two quarters. But things are turning positive.
You have set an aggressive growth target for this fiscal. Where do you see the growth coming from?
Both the Government of India and RBI peg GDP growth at five per cent this year. Normally, it is 2.5 times of GDP in the banking sector growth. So, this industry is projected to grow at 12.5-13 per cent this year. If we grow in line with the industry, we will only maintain our market share. But with some aggressive growth map, we think we can increase the market share. So, we have taken a growth target of 15 per cent. In CASA (Current Account Savings Account), we have traditionally been at the lower level of 18 per cent. This year we have taken an ambitious target to reach 22 per cent.
The vision is to improve one percentage point every quarter. In June quarter this fiscal, we improved it to 19 per cent. Also, we do have our own share of retail advances that is growing at steady at 14-15 per cent. SME segment is growing at 14-15 per cent. Hence, we are targeting a reasonable 15 per cent growth.
(This article first appeared in The Hindu dated Nov 3, 2014)
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Profit-taking pulls Sensex down 28 points; consumer durables  auto stocks skidSensex ends flat after hitting record high
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
The Sensex and the Nifty snapped their four-day winning spree and ended near flat due to emergence of fresh selling in consumer durables and auto stocks amid weak European cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended at 27,860.38, down 5.45 points and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended at 8,324.15, up 1.95 points.
Among BSE sectoral indices, consumer durables stocks fell the most by 1.48 per cent, followed by auto 0.88 per cent, PSU 0.23 per cent and oil & gas 0.21 per cent. On the other hand, realty index was the star-performer and was up 3.61 per cent, followed by banking 0.46 per cent, healthcare 0.37 per cent and capital goods 0.29 per cent.
SSLT, Axis Bank, HDFC, ICICI Bank and Infosys were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while the top five losers were GAIL, M&M, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp and Maruti.
Indian shares hit a third consecutive record high on Monday but the gains fizzled out later in the session, with both indexes ending flat as automakers such as Tata Motors declined after the monthly sales fell.
Earlier in the session, the sentiment had been supported by a continued rally in lenders such as ICICI Bank due to expectations that the Reserve Bank of India would cut interest rates as early as its next policy reviews in December or February.
Airlines stock surges
Shares of airline companies surged as state-run oil marketing companies slashed jet fuel prices, according to local media reports.
Fuel charges contribute to nearly one-third of an airline's operational expenses - analyst with a local brokerage said.
Jet Airways Ltd was up 3.53 per cent and SpiceJet gained 6.75 per cent.
Auto stocks skid
Shares of auto companies fell after the October sales numbers were below some analysts' estimates.
Hero MotoCorp fell 1.66 per cent and Mahindra and Mahindra was down 2.67 per cent. Maruti Suzuki India Ltd was down 1.58 per cent, while Tata Motors was down 0.84 per cent.
Maruti reported a 1.1 per cent fall in October sales, while Mahindra reported a 15 per cent fall in sales.
According to Kotak Securities, auto manufacturers reported weak despatches in October. "We believe automobile growth is likely to moderate to low-single digits over the next few months,'' it said.
A report by Equentis Capital said: "India’s economy is expected to continue its growth story intact in long-term. Liberalisation of Indian economy could open opportunities in service, infrastructure and manufacturing sectors. Positive efforts by the government in direction to make India as a better investment destination is clearly visible trying to keep foreign money in the country. Earlier growth-oriented tie-ups with other Asian and global countries by the government will surely help India to achieve better than expected economical growth in coming years."
Markets closed
Trading will be truncated this week as the stock market will remain closed tomorrow, November 4, on account of Muharram. Also, there will be no trading on Thursday on account of Gurunanak Jayanti.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth Rs 1,754.73 crore last Friday.
European shares
European stocks were down, after this year’s biggest weekly rally, as investors weighed an increase in mergers and acquisitions activity.
Stoxx 50 was down 7.43 points or 0.24 per cent at 3,105.89 and FTSE 100 was down 8.47 points or 0.13 per cent at 6,538.
Asian stocks slipped from a one-month high after gauges of China’s manufacturing and services industries showed signs of a broadening slowdown in the world’s second-largest economy.
On the macro front, disappointing surveys out of China's manufacturing and services sectors will weigh on investor sentiment.
Data showed China's economy lost further momentum heading into the fourth quarter as a cooling property market weighed on activity and export demand softened. However, a fresh dip in the euro against the dollar was set to reassure investors about the profit outlook for European exporters.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Markets overheated No  Sensex @ fair value; see more highsSensex trading at fair valuations; earnings growth likely to push markets higher
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 02.51PM IST
Tags:
Adrian Mowat
(The 50-share Nifty index…)
NEW DELHI: It seems like everything is going right for the Indian markets with the Sensex and the Nifty hitting record highs for the second day in a row on Friday. But is the rally sustainable?
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 30 per cent so far in the year 2013 and its P/E multiple expanded from 16.67x in 2013 to 19.25x currently. The 50-share Nifty index rose over 32 per cent in the same period, which pushed the P/E multiple to 21.16x from 18.70x recorded on 31 December 2013.
Driven by Modi euphoria, strong global liquidity and stable macros, the Indian markets have managed to outperform their emerging market peers so far in the year 2014. But the valuations are no longer cheap, say analysts, and further expansion in the multiple looks limited, but is possible.
Investors should focus more on earnings growth, which will take the markets higher from here on as the economy is set to bounce back, they say. "It is fair to say that from deep under valuation, we have reached fair valuation, but we are nowhere the overvaluation or an exuberance zone," says Sunil Singhania, CIO Equity, Reliance Mutual Fund.
"Investors should focus on the Sensex earnings -- which are like 1340 for FY14 and can move up to 3500 to 4000 by 2020, and that is the big picture we are playing on," he adds.
Tushar Pendharkar- Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services, also shares the same view. He is of the view that most of the companies are reporting better than expected results. "Therefore, in my view, the earnings are going to be better than the past and the possibility of a strong economic revival is certain," he says, adding that "though one could not consider that the Indian markets are trading at a cheap valuation ....however, considering the overall situation of falling crude prices and control over domestic inflation, we could predict a strong growth in earnings."
Therefore, "in my view, the room for earning expansion is huge and a moderate re-rating in market multiples could also happen....and both would keep the market at higher levels," explains Pendharkar.
The Sensex is trading at 17.8x and 14.9x FY15 (E) and FY16 (E) EPS, respectively, as per Bloomberg consensus. Average valuation of the Sensex since October 2007 is somewhere near 18x historically which is very close to FY15 (E) valuations.
"Since 1HFY15 is over, it is more viable to discount FY16 (E) earnings where we trade much lower than the long-term averages," says Siddharth Sedani, Vice President - Portfolio Management Service at Microsec Capital Ltd.
"We reiterate corporate earnings to reach high double digit in 3-4 quarters to come, which may bring further upside to the Indian markets," he says, adding that earnings accretion will bring a boost to the GDP of the economy, which would be reflected post 1QFY16 going forward.
India is a combination of accelerating growth with declining inflation and within the context of the BRICS, it has got the best delta in terms of policy expectations, say analysts.
"So, within the context of the BRICS, India looks very good and in absolute terms. I would actually argue 2014 is the year of the market moving up to the value that it was holding during the strong growth phase of 2003 through to 2008 and briefly post the global financial crisis," says Adrian Mowat of JPMorgan.
 
"The tear 2015 will need to be a year of delivering earnings, particularly the earnings prospects as we move into 2016," he says.
Technical check:
The Sensex in its recent multi-week correction found support near the 20-Week Simple Moving Average. From there it has started a fresh rally. On the way up the benchmark index has crossed the all-time high of 27354, thus confirming next move on the upside.
"In terms of wave structure, it is forming extension on the upside. Short-term as well as long-term momentum indicators are in sync with the unfolding rally," says Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan.
"Thus, the Sensex seems to have formed a base at the low of 25910. As per the channeling techniques, 29300 - 30700 will be the targets to watch out for," he says.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Opto Circuits rallies over 15% on heavy volumesOpto Circuits rallies over 18% on heavy volumes
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 01.11PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Opto Circuits specializes…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Opto Circuits have moved higher for third consecutive session on increased volumes. It has rallied over 18 per cent intraday as sentiment turned bullish after the company recently approved proposal to hike FII limit.
The company approved increasing FII limit to 60 per cent from 49 per cent after market hours on 22 October 2014.
Opto Circuits specializes in developing and manufacturing technologically-advanced medical equipment and devices for modern healthcare practices.
Over 19.39 lakh shares were traded in the counter against two-week average of 5.49 lakh shares.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India must acquire surveillance capacity to monitor both sides of the border: Security expertIndia must acquire surveillance capacity to monitor both sides of the border: Security expert
Rupee trading flat; custodian banks sells dollarsRupee trading flat; custodian banks sells dollars
Career Point to hold board meetingCareer Point to hold board meeting
TVS Motors stock remains flatTVS Motors stock remains flat
Tata Motors sales decline 17% in OctoberTata Motors sales decline 17% in October
UN Climate Change Report Warns  Time is Running OutUN Climate Change Report Warns  Time is Running Out
Modest Growth In India Factory Activity In OctoberModest Growth In India Factory Activity In October
Nifty maintains 8 300; Axis Bank  SBI up over 1%Nifty maintains 8 300; Axis Bank  SBI up over 1%
European bourses set for steady startUS dollar surges after strong data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d44c9b0-6308-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nano degrees: Make skills development a profitable business modelNano degrees: Make skills development a profitable business model
Akshay Mehra        Last Updated: October 28, 2014  | 12:22 IST
Akshay Mehra is a Partner at InvYramid Innovation Strategy Consulting.
We all basked in the warm glow of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visits to the US and Japan, and his focus on accelerating development in the country. His "Make in India" is an attractive pitch because of our "3Ds" of Democracy, Demand, and Demographic dividend. I want to take a closer look at whether demography is indeed a dividend, and how we could make skill development accessible, convenient and affordable for the masses.
Demographics: Dividend or bomb?
Having run a start-up, I can tell you that the lack of skills for entry-level positions is a huge issue. Graduates from beyond the top 30-50 colleges of India just do not have the basic skills that one would expect from looking at their degrees or diplomas. According to a recent study, only 34 per cent of India's 5 million graduates are employable in any industry. This is a shocking state of affairs, and makes one wonder if demography will be a dividend or a bomb.
The challenge is to provide vocational training to almost 500 million people by 2022.  However, the truth is that the current plans are just not sufficient to fill the gap. As this Business Today piece pointed out, India can train only 1.4 million of 8.5 million people who need vocational training. And if we continue with the conventional means of scaling up - setting up training institutes, hiring teachers - there is little hope that we will even come close to meeting the goal.
Skills development: Profitable business model to up skill the youth
To bring focus to this, the Prime Minister has announced Shramev Jayate and set up a Ministry of Skill Development. There are also private-public organisations like National Skill Development Corporation, besides private training institutes. With all due respect to the capabilities of the government, I believe till someone in the private sector does not figure out a profitable business model to scale this up, we will not meet the goals.
The classic case is the mobile phone industry. First, growth was driven by the private sector, not government. And second, new technology, mobile phones, was critical to completely change the cost and profit dynamics of the industry. Third, and most critically, once the private sector figured out the profitable business model, there were no barriers to expansion. The growth in telephone density has been astonishing, rising from 1.94 telephone connections per 100 in 1998 to 76 telephone connections per 100 currently.
To cover the skills gap, we need a similar private sector-led model that is profitable, and leverages technology that can upend our conventional mindsets of costs and time to scale. We need a disruptive business model that can step-change the reach, price and access to quality skill development programmes.
That being said, any programme will need to be mindful of three issues that a youth faces when making the choice to get trained.
One, what is the economic benefit from training? Or more specifically, will she get a better paying job than her current one? This implies that the courses, accreditation and company partnerships, are all geared towards getting a job immediately after finishing the course.
Two, it has to be part-time. Most students will be from economically disadvantaged backgrounds, whose families depend on their earnings.  And it is not feasible to expect them to step out of their jobs to get trained. The training has to be available to them when they want, without disrupting their jobs.
Three, the training would need to be widely accessible, especially in the rural and small towns. Most potential students are in these places, and expecting them to come to a city for training is neither feasible nor affordable.
Nano-degrees: Credentials built and recognised by industry leaders to advance your career
A promising business model is that of Nano-degrees launched by online education provider Udacity in partnership with companies like Google and AT&T. Nano-degree is an online accreditation course for entry-level technology skills. The courses are very focused, and have been jointly developed by the partner companies. Significantly, the partner companies have promised entry-level jobs to those with Nano-degrees. It is a win-win, because companies get people with exactly the right skill-set (they after all designed the course!), and the students know that they can get a job.
Nano-degrees have the potential to disrupt the conventional skills development programmes. First, it is clearly linking the programme to getting a job by involving the companies not only to design the course but also to commit to hiring graduates. Two, it does not involve going to a physical classroom; you can do it even while working at your current job. Three, it is hugely scalable, as it leverages technology to enable anyone with a computer (or probably even a mobile) to get trained no matter where they live.
Can this be the next telecom revolution?
One can imagine this to be a very attractive business opportunity for a lot of organisations, and which would not require government investment. I can imagine conglomerates like the Tatas, Birlas, Ambanis, Bhartis that can pull this off. They all have the different pieces within their groups - reach, companies in sectors like retail, manufacturing, sales that need skilled entry-level graduates, and resources to scale this up.
Udacity's nano-degrees have just been launched, so we need to hold judgment on it and the model will obviously need to be customised for our country, including use of mobile phones, venues for hands-on training, choice of courses (Udacity is more focused on technology skills), but at least it provides us a direction on how to rapidly scale up skill development.
Looking at the scale of the challenge, potential and resources needed, I believe that we need to encourage the private sector to build profitable business models, as that is the only way to meet the goal of training 500 million people by 2022. We need to revolutionize skill development, just like we did for telephony in the late 1990s.
Akshay Mehra is a Partner at InvYramid Innovation Strategy Consulting.
Follow Akshay Mehra at @akshayinvyramid
Mail: info@invyramid.com

Now  pay fees for ATM use over 5 times per monthNow, pay fees for ATM use over 5 times per month
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 11:14 IST
Using ATMs to withdraw money or for other purposes like balance enquiry beyond five times in a month will attract a levy of Rs 20 per transaction from today.
As per the Reserve Bank's new guidelines that comes into force from Saturday, bank customers in six metros -Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Bangalore-are allowed to withdraw money and/or carry out non-financial transactions like mini-statements at ATMs of banks, where they hold saving/current accounts, free of charge only five times a month.
Every transaction beyond this threshold will be charged Rs 20 per use.
Besides, the number of free transactions at ATMs (Automated Teller Machines) of non-home banks has been cut to three times a month from five times.
"Taking into account the high density of ATMs, bank branches and alternate modes of payment available to customers, the number of mandatory free ATM transactions for savings bank account customers at other banks? ATMs is reduced from the present 5 to 3 transactions per month (inclusive of both financial and non-financial transactions)," RBI had said in a notification issued in August this year.
The RBI, however, clarified that nothing precludes a bank from offering more than three free transactions at other bank ATMs to its account holders if it so desires.
The cap in the number of free ATM transactions will not apply on small/no-frills or basic savings bank deposit account holders who will continue to enjoy five free transactions.
At places other than the six metro centres, the facility of five free transactions for savings bank account customers will remain unchanged upon using other bank ATMs.
India has a total of 1.6 lakh bank ATMs across the country as of March 2014.
The new guidelines were issued in pursuance of a representation made to the RBI by Indian Banks' Association on the back of growing cost of ATM deployment and maintenance incurred by banks as well as rising interchange outgo due to free transactions.

Repeated hounding not appropriate: Congress on Vadra media rowUnpleasantness of repeatedly asking questions at private functions, like what happened with Robert Vadra on Saturday, must be avoided at all times: Congress. (Source: PTI/file)
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 2, 2014 6:16 pm
Backing Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Sonia Gandhi, Congress on Sunday said “repeated hounding” of an individual is “not appropriate” and advised the media to avoid “unpleasantness” of shooting questions at private functions, like what happened to him.
Taking a step further, the party also highlighted Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s brush ins with the media and said the entire episode is being propagated as a “political agenda for obvious reasons” which cannot be considered either fair or proper.
“Indian Constitution and our established ethos guarantee Right of Privacy, personal space and liberty to all individuals, more so, when a person is neither in public life nor holds any public office.
“Unpleasantness of repeatedly asking questions at private functions, like what happened with Robert Vadra on Saturday, must be avoided at all times,” AICC spokesperson Randeep Singh Surjewala said.
He said that “repetitive hounding” of an individual on an issue that has been “conclusively rejected both by a Constitutional body like Election Commission of India as also High Courts and finally the Supreme Court of India is not appropriate”.
Vadra had lost his cool and reportedly pushed aside the microphone of a reporter at a five-star hotel gym when he was quizzed about his controversial land deals in Haryana.
A livid Vadra was seen on a video footage shown on TV channels asking the reporter four times as to whether he was serious about his land deal question.
The Congress spokesperson said that while rejecting a Public Interest Litigation of a “BJP sympathizer” against Vadra, none less than the Supreme Court of India had said, “We won’t allow you to destroy someone’s reputation. Merely because someone is related to a politician, you cannot call him a sinner”.
It is clear that the entire episode is being propagated as a political agenda for obvious reasons which cannot be considered either fair or proper, Surjewala said in a statement released by the Congress.
“I want to remind leaders of BJP and friends of the media as to how none less than the current Prime Minister (the then Chief Minister) — Narendra Modi had removed the mike and walked out of a pre-fixed interview with leading journalist – Karan Thapar who questioned him about Gujarat riots,”  Randeep Singh said.
He also mentioned the “shoddy treatment” meted out by Modi to two senior journalists when they had similarly questioned him about his role in Gujarat Riots.
On numerous occasions, fringe elements affiliated to BJP-RSS-Shiv Sena have attacked news media offices in Delhi and Mumbai without any reason or provocation, he said.

Assocham pitches for GAAR deferral; not in favour of new direct taxes codeAssocham pitches for GAAR deferral; not in favour of new direct taxes code
K. R. Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, November 2:  
Industry body Assocham has sought deferment in the introduction of General anti-avoidance rules (GAAR) under the Indian income tax law.
The income tax law must be amended immediately so as not to introduce GAAR from assessment year 2016-17 (financial year 2015-16), Assocham said in a memorandum to Revenue Secretary Shaktikanta Das.
This formed part of set of recommendations to the Government post the chamber's 11th international tax conference held in the capital in early October.
GAAR is set of rules framed to minimize tax avoidance. Under this concept, tax authorities in a country deny the tax benefits of transactions or arrangements which do not have any commercial substance.
At this juncture to introduce GAAR as part of tax law is not warranted, the apex industry chamber has said.
Neither is Indian economy matured enough to stand up to the exacting standards of GAAR examination nor is the tax administration ready to handle a sophisticated instrument like GAAR, the chamber said.
If GAAR is introduced at this stage, it will only act as a handle for more harassment of taxpayers, thus making the tax administration more adversarial, the chamber has said.
Direct taxes code
Assocham is also not in favour of enactment of a new direct taxes code (DTC). It has urged the Modi-led Government not to introduce DTC at all as this would entail more cost than benefit.
A certain level of stability has been achieved with the present law. At this juncture, introduction of a new law with new concepts will only unsettle the situation and more time will be spent on understanding it and putting a mechanism to administer it, the chamber has said.
On the controversial issue of indirect transfer of shares, Assocham has suggested that the provisions to tax such gains be applied prospectively with effect from April 1; 2012.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

YPF seeks foreign partners for shaleYPF seeks foreign partners to tap Argentina’s shale
Benedict Mander in Buenos Aires and Jude Webber in Cancún
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4c74236-5eef-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Weekend FT magazine: Silicon Valley special 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

CBI seeks quick win in black cash battleCBI seeks quick win in black cash battle
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 08:55 IST
CBI director Ranjit Sinha
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has requested the special investigation team (SIT) against black money to allow postings of agency officers in some Indian missions to fast-track such cases.
"We have submitted a note to the special investigation team in which we have elaborated about the measures that are required from the point of view of the probe agency," CBI director Ranjit Sinha told news agency PTI before leaving for Monaco.
The agency has also sought cutting down of red tape involved in sending letters rogatory (LR) as measures to expedite cases related to black money . The SIT, headed by retired Justice M.B. Shah, was constituted in May on the orders of Supreme Court for investigation, initiation of proceedings and prosecution in cases involving unaccounted money.
Heads of all intelligence agencies and financial probe bodies were nominated as members of the SIT and shall have jurisdiction in the cases where investigations have already commenced or are pending or awaiting to be initiated or have been completed. Sinha reasoned that such postings are necessary for pursuing LRs that need to be executed in those countries.
"The missions in these countries are helpful but having a designated officer will only help in expediting the process as otherwise time is only wasted in communication between the two governments in case of any doubts," he said. As per procedure, CBI submits a LR request to the home ministry which is vetted and sent to the court.
After seeking the LR from the court, it is again sent to the ministry, which after completing the process sends it to the Legal Treaties Division of external affairs ministry for sending it to the desired foreign country. While the exact number of LRs pending with various foreign nations is not known, officials in the agency put the figure well up to 5,000.
Sinha also opined that Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty needs to be signed with many more countries so that they could be approached directly for proving assistance under the treaty till a proper LR was sent to them. "Now, I believe this is an important step which should be done. This will come handy for many cases that are being probed by the Economic Offences Wing of the CBI," Sinha said.

ET Wealth | Here s how you can gain from bon...You are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
Here's how you can gain from the bond rally
Narendra Nathan, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 08.00AM IST
Tags:
bond rally
(As inflation dips and the…)
The rapid decline in inflation in the past 4-5 months is good news for everybody, but debt fund investors should be particularly happy. Consumer inflation is now below the RBI's January 2015 target of 8% and very close to its January 2016 target of 6%, raising hopes that the apex bank will cut interest rates.
Most experts believe rates will be cut by 50-100 basis points in the next one year. If interest rates are cut, the prices of long-term bonds shoot up. Mutual funds that have lined their portfolios with long-term bonds benefit the most.
In addition to falling inflation, the RBI is also under pressure to cut interest rates because the economic growth is refusing to pick up. In August, the index of industrial production rose by 0.4%. The government has also joined the clamour for a rate cut.
In an interview last week, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said, "Now that inflation seems to be stabilising, the time seems to have come to moderate interest rates."
The market has already begun factoring in a fall in inflation and a subsequent rate cut. The benchmark 10-year bond yield is now at 8.3%, down from a high of over 9% in April this year.
This has pushed up the returns of debt funds. Several long-term gilt funds have generated terrific returns in the past 3-6 months (see tables). Experts say this is a good time to get into these long-term debt funds to reap maximum gains from the bond rally.
Says Vikram Dalal, managing director, Synergee Capital Services: "Long duration funds are a good option now and one can expect 14-15% return from them in the next one year."
Though a rate cut is on the cards, several international and domestic considerations will be at play before the RBI governor, Raghuram Rajan, makes his move. Experts believe that the first rate cut will not happen before April next year. Says Dwijendra Srivastava, chief investment officer (debt), Sundaram Mutual Fund: "The RBI may wait for more policy reform measures before it starts acting."
The RBI is keeping a hawk eye on four major factors. First, the expected interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve and its impact on global markets, especially on the Indian rupee.
The concerns over the withdrawal of the Fed's bond-buying stimulus programme had resulted in a major upheaval in 2013, with the rupee plunging to close to 70 against the US dollar. This had forced the RBI to increase rates and take other restrictive measures.
The second is inflationary pressure. The wholesale and consumer inflation are down due to a drastic fall in global crude prices and a high base effect, which is expected to wane by the end of this month. This will translate into a slight uptick in inflation from December onwards. The RBI will act only after assessing the December inflation numbers. The apex bank will also keep a close watch on the government measures to reduce supply side problems.
While the diesel decontrol was aimed at reducing the fiscal subsidy and, therefore, was a welcome step, the government is yet to take a call on other petroleum products, such as LPG and kerosene. The Union Budget in February 2015 will be the other major event that would determine the rate cut decision. The fiscal deficit target for 2014-15 is optimistic, more so because tax collections are lagging behind the target.
"The RBI may also wait for clearer fiscal numbers before getting into the cutting mode," says Kunal Shah, fund manager, debt, Kotak Mahindra Life Insurance. Therefore, don't expect a rate cut before the April review.
 
No fear of a rate hike
While the market also knows that the rate cut may not happen immediately, it has discounted fears of a rate hike. Says Shah: "The probability of a 25 bps rate hike has gone down from around 25% three months ago to around 10% now."
The other factor pulling down bond yields is the improvement in the government's financial position. Says A Balasubramanian, CEO, Birla Sun Life Mutual Fund: "The supply of government securities will reduce if the Centre sticks with its fiscal deficit figures. It may not be necessary for the government to borrow big time in the fourth quarter of 2014-15."
The 10-year government bond yield has fallen by more than 40 basis points in the past four months (see chart). Then there is the slowdown in credit growth. With very few borrowers, banks have been forced to park their money in government securities and thereby increasing its demand. The large inflow of FII funds to the Indian debt market is also pulling down the yields.
With the currency remaining stable in the Rs60-62 range, most of this money is flowing to India to benefit the interest rate arbitrage. After exhausting the government securities limit, this money has now started flowing into the corporate bond market. "The RBI may be forced to cut rates and reduce the rate difference if the Indian markets are not able to absorb large inflow of arbitrage funds," says Srivastava.
Medium or long-duration bonds

Pakistan bomb attack at India borderPakistan bomb attack at India border kills 57
Victor Mallet in New Delhi and Farhan Bokhari in Islamabad
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e5194c4-6314-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Startups woo ex-Yahoo staff; offer big salar...Tech startups woo laid-off Yahoo staff; offer big salaries, stocks and perks
Peerzada Abrar, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 12.33PM IST
(To consolidate its product…)
BENGALURU: The startup talent war is heating up after Yahoo laid off hundreds of employees in India last month.Last week, about 30 startups made a three-minute pitch to hundreds of Yahoo employees at a hotel room in Silicon City . Buoyed by fresh funding, the startups offered big salaries, stocks, perks -and even pep talk on economic patriotism -to woo employees at a closed-door event organised by software product think-tank iSpirt and venture capital firm Sequoia.
"It is like a swayamvara. I came all the way from Chennai to make a three-minute pitch only to hire talent," said Girish Mathrubootham, 39, chief executive of customer support software provider Freshdesk, which raised Rs 190 crore from Google Capital along with existing investors Tiger Global and Accel Partners in June. Chennai-based Freshdesk, which has over 30,000 clients including Toshiba, Stanford School of Medicine and Pearson, is looking to hire 90 people.It will also offer employee stock options. "I had to pitch the Chennai beach to them as our office is located there.In Bangalore, they can't have a beach side view," said Mathrubootham.
To consolidate its product engineering team at its headquarters in Sunnyvale in the United States, Yahoo started to layoff about 300 employees in India last month. "This marks a shift from multinational companies to product startups," said Sharad Sharma, cofounder of iSpirt.
"The product teams are getting smaller at multinationals. There is a rise of `two pizza teams' concept, where multinational believe that each team should be small enough to be fed by a pizza."
This shift has opened up opportunities for startups starved for talent. MNC research and development captives employ about 2,00,000 engineers, according to iSpirt. About 5% of them are in specialist roles like senior architects, product managers and user interface designers. "This is a large pool that has thus far been locked away from tech startups," said Sharma of iSpirt."Individual early-stage startups, even if they are funded, are unable to motivate these sought after specialists to move over from cushy MNC jobs."
Though a majority of Yahoo employees have been handed pink slips, many senior executives have been offered a position in Sunnyvale. But many employees rejected that offer.
"I was approached by Yahoo twice to move to US, but I don't want to go.I recently became a father and want to remain with my family," said a Yahoo employee, who did not wish to be named. He is considering various job offers and is also exploring an option to launch an ecommerce technology startup. "I am sad, I could have spent more time with the company," said another Yahoo employee who is now exploring opportunities to join an information security startup.
By encouraging the movement of specialist talent from MNC R&D captives to technology startups, iSpirt hopes to relieve pressure on tech startups in a significant way.The immediate goal is to have about 1000 specialist engineers embrace early stage tech startups in the next one or two years, said Sharma.
For instance iSpirt received 102 employer applications for the Yahoo outplacement event. Finally, 30 employers were selected. In all there are 367 requests for employer introductions from 157 employees who attended the event.
"These introductions have been made. These will lead to offers in the next four weeks. Salaries will be commensurate with Yahoo employees are getting today," said Sharma of iSpirt.
An executive at mobile commerce company Paytm said that he is will ing to offer a salary of Rs 35 lakh per annum for a Yahoo employee with an experience of six years. Paytm owned by Noida-based mobile tech firm One97 is in talks with investors to raise Rs 1,200 crore and is looking to hire 80 people.
About 75% of the talent pool at the Yahoo outplacement event comprised of developers, while rest was a mix of designers, program and product managers.
Ecommerce and consumer internet firms like AdNear, Urban Ladder and TaxiForSure, which are the new darling of global investors were also seen fluttering around to hire as many laid off Yahoo employees as possible.
"Everyone is in the war for talent.Like campus placement, I made sure I am here on day one," said Rajiv Srivatsa, 35, cofounder of online furniture retailer Urban Ladder which raised about Rs 120 crore from Steadview Capital, with participation from existing investors, including SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital in July.
Srivatsa is looking to hire around 60 people who can improve the user experience and backend processes of the firm.
"Around 35% of the time of the cofounders is spent on recruiting."
Startup talent crunch is an acute problem realized by investors as well. Sequoia has invested in people like Anirudh Mullick to provide recruiting services to its portfolio companies.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Death toll in Pakistan suicide attack at Wagah border rises to 61Death toll in Pakistan suicide attack at Wagah border rises to 61
PTI
Tweet
Lahore, Nov 3:  
The death toll in the horrific suicide attack that shook Pakistan minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah climbed to 61 today, even as security agencies arrested about 20 suspects from the Indo-Pak border area.
Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among the 61 people who have died in the attack that took place yesterday when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah.
Over 100 people were injured in the incident and are being treated in different Lahore’s hospitals where emergency has been declared.
The blast took place when a large number of people were returning after attending the flag lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pak land border crossing, which is heavily guarded by the Punjab Rangers.
A young suicide-bomber blew himself up near the main exit gate of Parade Avenue at 6.03 p.m. (local time), causing colossal devastation.
“The death toll of the devastating suicide attack at Wagah border has risen to 61. The condition of some injured is still critical and the doctors are battling to save their lives,” Punjab Emergency Services Rescue spokesman Jam Sajjad told PTI.
About 43 bodies have been handed over to the families while the remaining are yet to be recognised, Sajjad said.
“We have sought the help of the National Registration Database Authority (Nadra) for recognition of 18 bodies,” he said.
The law enforcement agencies have launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah and taken about 20 suspects into custody, Lahore police spokesman Niyab Haider Naqvi said.
“A joint investigation team of police, rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and rangers along with police will provide security to Ashura processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday’s attack,” he said.
Punjab Interior Minister Col (Retd) Shujah Khanzada said the target of the suicide bomber was the venue of the flag hoisting ceremony.
“The suicide-bomber wanted to reach the Parade Avenue to cause maximum devastation but he blew himself up near the entrance of the main gate after failing to reach the Parade Avenue,” he said.
At least three militant factions have claimed the grizzly bombing. Al-Qaeda affiliated militant group Jundullah, a splinter group of the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), was first to claim responsibility of the attack.
Shortly afterwards Jamaat-ul-Ahrar said its bomber Hafiz Hanifullah carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Suvens new chemical entity enters clinical trialHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Suven’s new chemical entity enters clinical trial
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Suven Life Sciences today said that its new chemical entity (NCE) has entered the phase 1 of clinical trial in the US.
In a BSE filing, Suven Life Sciences said its “NCE SUVN-3031 has commenced Phase 1 clinical trial in USA.”
The company added that the NCE used for the treatment of cognitive dysfunction associated with Alzheimer’s disease/Schizophrenia has completed all the preclinical, safety and early toxicological studies, and GLP toxicological studies and was submitted for investigational new drug application to conduct phase 1 clinical trial.
Commenting on the development, Suven Life Science CEO Venkat Jasti said: “We are very pleased that the second compound from our pipeline of molecules in CNS has moved into clinical trial that is being developed for cognitive disorders in Alzheimer’s and Schizophrenia with high unmet medical need which has huge market potential globally.”
Suven Life Sciences has 11 internally discovered therapeutic drug candidates currently in pre-clinical stage of development, targeting conditions such as dementia, major depressive disorder (MDD), Huntington’s disease, Parkinson’s disease and obesity.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Islamic State says seizes second gas field in SyriaIslamic State says seizes second gas field in Syria
Reuters
Tweet
BEIRUT, Nov 3:  
Islamic State fighters in Syria said on Monday they had taken control of a gas field in the central province of Homs, the second gas field seized in a week after battles with government forces.
The hardline Sunni Islamist group posted 18 photos on social media showing the Islamic State flag raised in the Jahar gas field as well as seized vehicles and weaponry, according to the SITE jihadist website monitoring service.
Reuters could not independently confirm the events due to security restrictions.
Islamic State fighters, who now hold up to a third of Syria as well as swathes of Iraq and have declared a 'Caliphate' on the territories they control, took the larger Sha'ar gas field on Oct. 30.
"So after the (Sha'ar) company and the (positions) surrounding it became part of the land of the Caliphate, the soldiers advanced, conquering new areas, and all praise is due to Allah," Islamic State said in the message.
"Yesterday they tightened control over Jahar village and the Mahr gas pumping company, and nearly nine (positions) supported by heavy weaponry such as tanks, armoured vehicles, and heavy machine guns of various calibres," it added.
The report said Islamic State had seized two tanks, seven four-wheel drive cars and several heavy machine guns.
A U.S.-led coalition has conducted air strikes against Islamic State since September. The United States says it is not coordinating with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's forces to combat the Islamist group.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Predicament of bank bossesTweet
November 3, 2014:  
The NDA government has scrapped a list of eight names who were shortlisted by the UPA government to head public sector banks (PSBs). This means these banks are likely to remain headless for at least another three months. This is the minimum time it takes to fill up the posts — identifying eligible candidates, calling for applications, interviewing and finally getting the names cleared by the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC). An accelerated selection process announced by the Finance Ministry last week is unlikely to make much of a difference.
Inevitably, the business of these banks will suffer. The executive directors, who will be asked to officiate, cannot be expected to show the same kind of dynamism that the ‘permanent’ CMD exhibits or supposed to exhibit. It will be entirely normal for them to bid for time, and pass on the baton without rocking the boat. Who would like to take on a well-connected tycoon who has defaulted when all he has to do is warm his seats?
There is another fall-out from this episode. The bank executives, who were selected earlier and now dropped from the list, are not exactly duds. Besides, they have climbed that far to reach the position of EDs. However cynical one may be, most of them have merit of their own and their rise is not entirely due to politicking. And not to forget, all of them would have cleared hurdles, even stiff ones such as vigilance clearance. Wasn’t S. K. Jain cleared by the CVC before he became CMD of Syndicate Bank? Only to be caught, as the CBI alleges, of brazenly negotiating a bribe?
Opaque procedure
The government’s action creates uncertainty. If the selection procedure always lacked transparency, it has become even more opaque. The government has shown very little appreciation of the concerns of the PSBs. A mountain of bad loans confronts these banks. All of them have to raise huge amounts of capital to meet their international capital adequacy standards.
Headless organisations cannot provide the leadership, or, for that matter, accountability. On the government’s side, it is likely than an overburdened Finance Minister could not accord the attention the appointment of bank CMDs deserves. In any case, the present episode of vetoing names chosen by the previous government cannot be viewed in isolation from the reality of public sector banks and their governance.
Government ownership
Given the ownership structure of these banks, appointment or removal of their CEOs is the government’s prerogative. In all these banks, the government is the majority shareholder. There is every indication that the NDA government will not let its stake in any of these banks to below 51 per cent — the limit beyond which no PSB can dilute its shares.
There is, in fact, a political consensus that the ownership structure will remain so. Various legislations have sanctified this arrangement. Thus, despite some strong economic reasons to offload its stake, the government is unable to do so. The need to measure up to the new international norms of capital adequacy calls upon all banks to infuse substantially more capital. The obvious solution to dilute government stake and increase non-government holding is simply not acceptable.
At different points in time, various committees and expert groups had suggested bringing down government equity to below 51 per cent but at the same time retain their public sector character. The latter is meant to ensure furtherance of social objectives such as in the recent implementation of the massive financial inclusion programme, Jan-Dhan Yojana. The latest in a series of such expert groups, the one headed by P. J Nayak, a former Axis Bank head, recommended vesting of government shares with a holding company. The committee claimed that its recommendations will have the salutary effect of freeing these banks from day-to-day micro management by the government.
Will the new arrangement pave the way for a new breed of bank chiefs, who can be compensated adequately according to market rates and are not cowed down by government interference? Though for now a theoretical proposition, it is a tantalising thought. But alas the answer has to be in the negative for various reasons.
As it happens in the private sector too, the majority owner — the government — calls the shots in the PSBs, especially in matters such as top-level appointments. However, there is a way of selecting or removing the heads of institutions that you want to nurture. It is in that context one refers to the news item regarding dropping off names from the shortlist prepared by the previous government. The decision seems more akin to withdrawing governors selected by the UPA. But unlike in the case of governors, replacements have not yet been found. The travails of a PSB chief may actually begin with the appointment but that is another story. The point to note is that a bank chief’s travails are also those of the bank and its customers.
(This article first appeared in The Hindu dated Nov 3, 2014)
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Exports prop up Bajaj Autos Oct salesHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Exports prop up Bajaj Auto’s Oct sales
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Nov 3:  
Rising exports have propped up Bajaj Auto’s sales during October, which grew by 15 per cent on a year-on-year basis even as motorcycles, the main staple, saw a decline of 3 per cent in sales.
The company exported 1.59 lakh units during the month gone by against 1.38 lakh units in the same month of 2013 and notched the highest for any October. Overseas sales now account for over 41 per cent of total sales versus 35.8 per cent in Oct 2013.
On the motorcycles front, sales stood 3 per cent lower at 3.37 lakh units against 3.48 lakh units. Three wheelers however grew by 33 per cent to stand at 49,094 units.
Total sales remained flat at 3.86 lakh units against 3.85 lakh units in the same month of last year.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

JK Cement rallies on strong resultsJK Cement rallies on strong results
Rajalakshmi Nirmal
Tweet
BL Research Bureau:  
The stock of JK Cement rallied over 7 per cent on Monday, on the back of strong September quarter results. The company’s revenues grew 33 per cent during the September quarter compared to the same period last year. Net profit stood at Rs 32.3 crore, as against a loss of Rs 21.45 crore during the same quarter last year.
JK Cement’s strong sales and earnings growth was given a thumbs-up by the market, considering that other large players such as ACC and Ambuja Cements reported lacklustre sales volumes, managing profit growth only through higher realisation and cost savings.
During the September quarter JK Cement commissioned a 1.5 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) grey cement unit at Mangrol, Rajasthan. The company has about 8.5 mtpa of grey cement capacity with a presence in Rajasthan and Karnataka. JK Cement has a national presence in white cement that contributes about a third to its revenues.
With industry volume growth at about 5-6 per cent, JK Cement’s 33 per cent sales growth during the September quarter appears to be driven by market share gains and a higher than average realisation.
The company’s operating margin stood at 10.9 per cent versus 6.5 per cent in the September quarter last year. Despite higher power and fuel costs (23.8 per cent of sales vs. 22.9 per cent in the same period last year), the company managed to improve its margins. This is thanks to savings in transportation costs and a marginal drop in raw material expenses, along with better realisation.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Hong Kong shares dragged down by profit-takingHong Kong shares dragged down by profit-taking
Bajaj Auto Sales Down 3% in OctoberBajaj Auto Sales Down 3% in October
Gold price may fall to Rs 24 500 by Dec: AnalystsGold price may fall to Rs 24 500 by Dec: Analysts
NCE SUVN-3031 commences phase 1 clinical trial in USANCE SUVN-3031 commences phase 1 clinical trial in USA
Delhi: L-G Jung to meet all parties over govt formation  BJP may bat for fresh pollsDelhi: L-G Jung to meet all parties over govt formation  BJP may bat for fresh polls
G.K. Vasan quits Congress  may launch a new partyG.K. Vasan quits Congress  may launch a new party
It ll be nice if Aamir and I work together: Shah Rukh KhanIt ll be nice if Aamir and I work together: Shah Rukh Khan
Board of Excel Industries recommends interim dividendBoard of Excel Industries recommends interim dividend
Exit NMDC  switch to JSW Steel: EmkayExit NMDC  switch to JSW Steel: Emkay
Europe bourses slip back ahead of dataUS dollar surges after strong data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d44c9b0-6308-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jet fuel price cut by 7.3% on fall in oil ratesJet fuel price cut by 7.3 per cent on fall in oil rates
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 18:03 IST
Jet fuel (ATF) rates were on Saturday cut by a steep 7.3 per cent, the fourth straight reduction in prices since August on back of falling international oil rates.
The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF), or jet fuel, at Delhi was cut by Rs 4,987.7 per kilolitre, or 7.3 per cent, to Rs 62,537.93 per kl, oil companies announced on Saturday.
This is the fourth reduction in jet fuel rates since August. Rates were cut by almost 3 per cent or Rs 2,077.62 per kl on October 1. Declining international oil prices have made imports cheaper, resulting in price reduction.
In Mumbai, jet fuel will cost Rs 64,414.98 per kl from Saturday as against Rs 69,610.50 per kl, previously. The rates vary because of differences in local sales tax or VAT.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of an airline's operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
No immediate comment was available from airlines on the impact of the price cut on passenger fares.
The three fuel retailers-IOC, Hindustan Petroleum Corp and Bharat Petroleum Corp-revise jet fuel and non-subsidised LPG prices on the first of every month, based on the average international prices in the preceding month.
On Friday, oil companies had cut petrol price by Rs 2.41 a litre and diesel by Rs 2.25 per litre. The sixth reduction in price since August has meant that petrol costs Rs 64.25 a litre in Delhi, Rs 9.36 per litre less than what it cost in July.
The second reduction in diesel rates in one month has led to price coming down to Rs 55.60 a litre.
Also, the price of non-subsidised cooking gas (LPG) was cut by Rs 18.5 to Rs 865 per 14.2-kg cylinder.
Since August, this is the fourth reduction in rate of non-subsidised LPG which consumers buy after exhausting their quota of sub-market priced domestic cooking gas.
Non-subsidised LPG in Delhi was priced at Rs 922.50 in July and rates have in every subsequent month been reduced.

GSLV Mark-III set for partial test flightUpdated: November 2, 2014 00:09 IST
GSLV Mark-III set for partial test flight
Madhumathi D. S.
Tweet
R. S.Kannu, Senior Scientist of Liquid Propulsion Systems Centre of Indian Space Research Organisation near Tirunelveli, explaining the features and functioning of the GSLV Mark-III to school students, at an outreach programme organised by ISRO in Tirupur. File photo: R. Vimal Kumar
TOPICS
science and technology
Future workhorse will test unmanned crew module: ISRO chief
GSLV Mark-III, the bigger and better space vehicle that will enable larger national communication satellites to be launched from India, is set for its first partial test flight in the first half of December.
The landmark test flight will lead to a “future workhorse vehicle that will stay with us for many years,” ISRO Chairman K. Radhakrishnan said.
It also tests features of an unmanned crew module that will be flown down from space and recovered from sea.
The second study is part of an ambitious future Human Space Flight proposal that is yet to be approved. The space agency has not attempted a partial test flight before in its rocket development course but Mark-III’s new gas generator cycle technology allows this.
In the crew module test, “the main objective is to look at heating during re-entry and how a vehicle of that size and shape performs in the crucial space phase. The thermal protection systems around the crew module must withstand the [high] temperature.” A failsafe, parachute-aided descent of the crew module is crucial for flying future Indian astronauts into space and getting them back to Earth safely.
Pre-launch activities have begun for Mark-III, Dr. Radhakrishnan said on the sidelines of an engineers’ conclave here. A parachute test was conducted on Thursday and another one would be done in the coming days.
The vehicle stages are being put together and electrical checks are being done at launch site Sriharikota; propulsion systems are being readied at Mahendragiri.
“We should be able to integrate the vehicle [with] the crew module by the end of this month and test the entire system [on ground]," he said.
Mark-III is a totally new vehicle different from the smaller indigenous GSLV Mark-II [II] that is of half its capacity. Its three stages are respectively fuelled by solid, liquid and the upper cryogenic propellants.
For the December flight, “the [solid-fuelled] strap-ons and the liquid core are active but the cryogenic engines will not be ignited. The propellants will be simulated.”
Two years away
Mark-III can have its first full developmental flight — carrying a full satellite of about 3,500 kg – only when the cryogenic stage is qualified; that could take two to three years. ISRO now depends on costly foreign launchers to put its 3-tonne communication satellites into space.
“If a couple of developmental flights succeed, then we should be able to launch from India communication satellites weighing 3.5 tonnes to 4 tonnes and which can carry more transponders and more power... We now have confidence [of realising] the cryogenic engine and stage in that timeframe,” said Dr. Radhakrishnan.

Why Customers Prefer This Online RetailerSahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: Customers preferred to purchase new products on the internet from e-commerce giant Flipkart, followed by eBay India, HomeShop 18, Amazon India, Snapdeal and Shopclues, according to a survey by brand and customer management firm Akosha.
"When it came to Diwali shopping, 39 per cent respondents said that Flipkart was one of their top choices followed by eBay India (23 per cent) and Amazon India (12.21 per cent) among others," Akosha said in a release.
Less than 10 per cent named Snapdeal and Shopclues for shopping online during Diwali, as per findings of the survey.
When it comes to regular online purchases, around 45 per cent respondents said they shopped from Flipkart, followed by Snapdeal (17 per cent), eBay India (15.89 per cent) and Homeshop18 (9.8 per cent), among others. These findings were compiled from the survey conducted with a sample size of 2,000 respondents and insights from Akosha's own internal database, the report said.
"Our constant endeavour is to ensure happy customers by providing them with innovative products, some of which are specially created and developed for them. We offer unbeatable deals and gamut of products across our various categories," HomeShop18 founder and CEO Sundeep Malhotra said in response to the findings.
No other firm commented on the survey.
The survey also found that almost 40 per cent consumers spend between Rs 500 and Rs 2,000 for online purchases with over more than 20 per cent spending above Rs 5,000.
Pricing, customer service and return policy are three major parameters that influence buying decisions of the customers online, Akosha said.
"Both Flipkart and Snapdeal are known to render smooth and seamless check out and payment facilities. Flipkart also scores on good quality packaging and on time delivery," the report said.
Flipkart was also ahead in terms of brand recall amongst consumers.
As per the survey, when it came to buying electronic appliances, consumers preferred Flipkart and eBay India but Amazon India was the top choice for buying books. Almost 50 per cent of the respondents said that they mostly bought consumer electronics and mobile phones on shopping websites.
"It is interesting to note that before making purchase, people usually read the reviews of the e-commerce websites to know the experience of the customers who had already shopped there before. Over 78 per cent percent of the consumers checked the reviews of the e-commerce websites before shopping," the report said.
Snapdeal and Amazon India emerged as brands providing value for money with best deals and attractive prices, it noted.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 12:12 (IST)

New GDP Data With 2011-12 as Base Year in JanuaryBank of America Sees 0.25% Rate Cut by RBI in February
New Delhi: Seeking to present a more realistic picture of the economy, the government will release a new series of national accounts with 2011-12 as base year for computing the economic growth rate.
Gross domestic product (GDP) data based on the new series will be released for three consecutive years from 2011-12 in January next year.
At present, the GDP is computed with 2004-05 as base year.
"The new series will better reflect the economy as it would include more sectors. However, it would be difficult to say whether there would be any significant change in growth rates for the previous years," said National Statistical Commission Chairman Pronab Sen, who was associated with formulation of the new series.
He further said that it may take about one year to ascertain about the change in growth rates of different sectors and economy as a whole based on the new series during the previous years.
"As per the revision policy of the national accounts, the estimates for the year 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14, due for release in January 2015, would have been the third revised estimates, second revised and first revised estimates, respectively," as official statement said.
Since these estimates have been compiled afresh, these would be referred to as "New Series" Estimates, it added.
The government will also be revising the base year for consumer price index (CPI), wholesale price index (WPI) and index of industrial production (IIP).
The new series of IIP and WPI are likely to be released by March 2016. The growth in the new series of IIP and WPI would be incorporated in the provisional estimates of 2014-15, to be released in May 2016.
The National Statistical Commission has suggested that the base year for computing national account should be revised every five years.
The base year of the national accounts is changed periodically to take into account the structural changes which take place in the economy and to depict a true picture of the economy through macro aggregates.
The first official estimates of national income were prepared by the Central Statistical Organisation (CSO) with base year 1948-49 for the estimates at constant prices.
These estimates at constant (1948-49) prices along with the corresponding estimates at current prices and the accounts of the Public Authorities were published in the publication, 'Estimates of National Income' in 1956.
With the gradual improvement in the availability of basic data over the years, a comprehensive review of methodology for national accounts statistics has constantly been undertaken with a view to updating the data base and shifting the base year to a more recent year.
The base years of the National Accounts Statistics series have been shifted from 1948-49 to 1960-61 in August 1967; from 1960-61 to 1970-71 in January 1978; from 1970-71 to 1980-81 in February 1988; and from 1980-81 to 1993-94 in February 1999.
Thereafter the base year was changed to 2004-05 in 2006.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 17:18 (IST)

Report says cost of saving climate is lowScientists say cost of avoiding runaway climate change is low
Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26d0edc6-628e-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Space still the final frontier for BransonSpace still the final frontier for Branson
By Jonathan Ford
Virgin rocket ships may join Virgin Cola among brands to fall flat
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0ecf1fb4-6279-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New battery aims to transform electric carsNew battery aims to transform electric cars
Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/01b47ecc-6126-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Virgin Disaster Revives Criticism of Fatal  07 ExplosionThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Altice makes 7bn offer for Portugal TelecomAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Bad loans surge at Chinas biggest banksBad loans surge at China’s biggest banks
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6b3a24de-601b-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pace of eurozone companies reshoring risesEurozone companies reshore despite flat economy
Sarah Gordon, Business Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6aaaf0a4-610e-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Few US reshorings go ahead  study findsFew US ‘reshorings’ go ahead, study finds
By Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ed0edc78-352a-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

TVS Motor  Maruti Suzuki  Mahindra & Mahindra in Focus TodayYou are here: Home Cheat Sheet
TVS Motor, Maruti Suzuki, Mahindra & Mahindra in Focus Today
NDTV | Updated On: November 03, 2014 09:19 (IST)
Tweet
The Nifty opened higher on Monday tracking futures trade on Singapore Stock Exchange. Sentiment is likely to be positive today as foreign investors have increased their intensity of buying Indian equities. Foreign investors have bought shares worth Rs 1,755 crore in cash market on Friday. However domestic investors were net sellers to the tune of Rs 276 crore.
Here are the stocks likely to see action today:
Maruti Suzuki is likely to be under pressure today as its October auto sales disappointed investors. The company reported 1 per cent year-on-year (y-o-y) drop in October auto sales at 1,03,973 units. However its domestic sales increased 1 per cent y-o-y to 97,069 units.
Tata Motors has reported 17 per cent y-o-y decline in its October auto sale at 42,819 units. Its domestic sales declined 17.4 per cent y-o-y to 38,760 units.
TVS Motor Company has reported 22 per cent y-o-y increase in auto sales at 2,41,044 units for the month of October. Its exports increased 51 per cent y-o-y to 34,855 units.
Mahindra & Mahindra has reported 15.4 per cent y-o-y decline in auto sales at 42,776 units for the month of October. Its domestic sales declined 16 per cent y-o-y to 40,274 units.
Welspun Enterprises has completed entire stake sale of Welspun Maxsteel. The company has sold the entire stake in Welspun Maxsteel to JSW Steel.
Bharat Heavy Electricals has bagged a new order worth Rs 220 crore for two 800 MW thermal power plant project in Orissa. The contract is for supply of electrostatic precipitator package.
Pfizer/Wyeth: The Bombay High Court has given its nod for the merger of Pfizer and Wyeth. The merger operation will be unified under Pfizer brand.
Godrej Properties: Private Equity firm Milestone has exited from the Kolkata Project of Godrej Properties for Rs 200 crore. Milestone made a return of 230 per cent on its investment which was made in 2009.
Bank of India/Wockhardt/Dabur India will report their earnings for the July to September quarter of FY15 today.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 09:19 (IST)

Hunt for buyers burns Rs 1 000 crore hole in Flipkart  Amazon & Snapdeal s booksAmazon
(Flipkart India Pvt Ltd,…)
MUMBAI: Online retail seems to be rapidly coming of age in India — in the financial year ended March, Flipkart's sales challenged those of its nearest brick-and-mortar rivals, according to filings with the Registrar of Companies, although the segments that they operate in aren't strictly comparable.
Meanwhile, the marketplaces operated by both Flipkart and Amazon posted losses. Amazon, which entered India a year ago, logged a net loss of Rs 321 crore while Flipkart saw this more than double to Rs 400 crore, according to October 31 filings.
Due to curbs on foreign investment in selling directly to consumers, Flipkart and Amazon run their websites as marketplaces. Hence, the figures relate to commissions from sellers and revenue from advertisements on ecommerce sites. In this respect, Amazon Seller Services posted revenue (commissions) of Rs 169 crore while Flipkart Internet, which manages the portal, had a total income of Rs 179 crore.
However, Flipkart India Pvt Ltd , the website's wholesale arm, said sales amounted to Rs 2,846 crore in the year ended March, more than double the Rs 1,180 crore a year ago.
Rival Shoppers Stop posted revenues of Rs 2,713 crore through its 73 department chain stores that mostly sell apparel and lifestyle products.
On a consolidated basis though, including electronics chain HyperCity, sales amounted toRs 3,771 crore. The Kishore Biyani-run Future Lifestyle Fashion posted total income of Rs 2,743 crore from its department store formats Central and Brand Factory besides its own labels such as Indigo Nation and John Miller .
Amazon Wholesale didn't disclose a comparable total. It posted a total income of Rs 1.4 lakh with a net loss of Rs 3.71 crore for the six months ended March. CEO Jeff Bezos had said previously that it exceeded gross merchandise sales of more than $1 billion within a year of launching in India.
Online retailers typically burn through cash as they battle to acquire customers by offering goods at cheaper rates.
"At this moment, most companies are building market share rather than having a phase of harvesting their business model. Lots of money is being spent on building share and cost of acquiring customers has certainly gone up since last year," said Devangshu Dutta, chief executive at retail consultancy Third Eyesight. "In addition, online players are investing by building supporting infrastructure, which in turn affects profitability."
According to a report by consulting firm Technopak , the $2.3-billion e-tailing market is expected to swell to $32 billion by 2020 and account for 3% of the total Indian retail sector.
With Snapdeal reportedly posting a net loss of Rs 264 crore, the combined loss, along with Amazon and Flipkart, now stands at more than Rs 985 crore for the last fiscal.
Both Amazon and Flipkart didn't respond to email queries. India's largest online retailer expects to start making profits in a few years.
"With further expansion and emphasis on white-label products, your company has derived better margins which in turn shall help company to turn profitable in coming years," Flipkart said in its annual report.
Online retailers have been aggressive about winning customers through discounts but that has led to a backlash from traditional retail.
Flipkart's Big Billion Day sale prompted brick-and-mortar store owners to lobby the government against what they said was predatory pricing. The government in turn promised to look into the policy regarding online retail.
A key reason for the surge in promotional activity was Amazon's entry with an intent to spread itself across many product areas quickly in India, threatening the turf of market leader Flipkart. The US company has announced it will invest $2 billion in India. Flipkart has raised over $1.2 billion this year while Snapdeal has received about $850 million, including funding from SoftBank last week.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TVS Motor rallies over 2%  @ new 52-week highYou are here: Home > Collections
TVS Motor rallies over 2%, hits fresh 52-week high post October sales data
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 09.46AM IST
(At 09:40 a.m.; TVS Motors…)
NEW DELHI: TVS Motor Company Ltd rallies as much as 2.1 per cent in trade to touch its fresh 52-week high of Rs 265.10, after the two-wheeler maker reported a 22 per cent increase in its total sales at 2,41,044 units in October 2014.
At 09:40 a.m.; TVS Motors Company was trading 2 per cent higher at Rs 264.85. It hit a low of Rs 262 and a high of Rs 265.10 in trade today.
The Chennai-based company had sold 1,97,905 units in the same month last year, TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
Total two-wheeler sales increased by 22 per cent to 2,31,990 units in October 2014 as against 1,89,979 units in the same month a year ago.
Domestic two-wheeler sales stood at 2,04,294 units last month, up 18 per cent, from 1,73,229 units in the year-ago period, it added.
Scooters sales during the month grew by 68 per cent to 70,571 units in October 2014 as against 42,124 units in the corresponding month last year, PTI reported.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Can American Indian reformers slow an oil boomCan American Indian reformers slow an oil boom?
By Reuters | 3 Nov, 2014, 11.58AM IST
0
Share More
The reformers, Damon Williams, the tribal attorney, and Mark Fox, the tax director, each propose tighter environmental regulations. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW TOWN: A change in leadership at an American Indian reservation in North Dakota wouldn't normally get a whole lot of attention. But come Tuesday, the oil industry will be watching this dusty area of the state as two reformers vie to become tribal chairman, an office with outsized power over the course of the state's booming oil industry.
That's because the reservation's Three Affiliated Tribes of Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara (MHA) Nation control roughly a third of North Dakota's oil output. In the past two years alone, production on the MHA Nation has jumped 145 per cent, cementing the state's role as the second-largest US oil producer after Texas.
The reformers, Damon Williams, the tribal attorney, and Mark Fox, the tax director, each propose tighter environmental regulations. They also promise to ensure more money goes directly to projects that improve life for the 12,000 tribal members on the 980,000-acre reservation. In other words: this stands to make things more complicated for the oil industry.
So far, oil companies aren't saying a whole lot about the leadership change. EOG Resources Inc, the largest oil producer on the reservation, said its goal is "to maintain good relationships with tribal members regardless of the election's outcome." Marathon Oil Co and Exxon Mobil's XTO Energy declined comment. The North Dakota Petroleum Council, an industry group, said the candidates each have an "open demeanor and are willing to sit down with companies, state and federal agencies" to resolve regulatory questions.
Lynn Helms, head of North Dakota's Department of Mineral Resources, the state's oil regulator, is blunter: Oil producers are "deeply concerned," he said, adding: "drilling on the reservation could be slowed." That's because if the tribes give stricter scrutiny to environmental issues, more stringent rules could mean more obstacles for new drilling permits.
THE BASICS
The MHA Nation has received more than $1 billion in oil tax revenue since 2008, but it still struggles to provide basic services. For example: the tribal capital of New Town has only one stoplight to direct thousands of tractor-trailers, trucks and cars that pour through each day.
Said Elgin Crows Breast, a lifelong New Town resident and historian: "Where is all this money going?"
In addition, a report commissioned by the tribal council earlier this year asserted that the current tribal chairman, Tex "Red-Tipped Arrow" Hall, used his position to financially benefit from the oil boom by arranging supply and service contracts with the reservation for businesses owned by his friends. Hall, 58, denies the charges.
Responding to concerns about conflict-of-interest raised by Williams, a tribal investigation conducted by the Kansas City, Missouri, office of Dentons law firm earlier this year claimed that Hall secured service and supply contracts with the reservation for businesses owned by his business partner, James Henrikson. Hall arranged for a business owned by Henrikson to receive a trucking contract, splitting the revenue 50-50, the report alleged.
Henrikson was indicted in September on federal charges related to a murder and is in prison pending trial. Neither he nor his lawyer could be reached for comment about the tribal probe.
Hall, who lost to Williams and Fox in a primary last month, told Reuters through a spokesman the Dentons report was "basically useless." While legal jurisdiction can be complex on tribal land, any theft from an Indian tribal group is a US federal crime. Tim Purdon, US attorney for North Dakota, declined to confirm or deny any ongoing investigation.
Page 1 of 2

See Sensex @ 54000 in four years  says BofA-ML | Top 20 stock betsJyotivardhan Jaipuria
(We are bullish on the market…)
In a chat with ET Now, Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, shares his views on the market as well as the earnings growth. Excerpts:
ET Now: We are very close to the opening. Are you bullish on the markets at the current levels? Do you think 8500 comes in first or do you believe there will be a correction?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: We are bullish on the market for the next few years. In fact, our view is that the markets will double over the next four years. In between that, of course, we will get a lot of corrections. We will keep having these minor dips, but every dip is like an opportunity to buy in this market.
ET Now: I was reading your India equity strategy report as of October 21st. I do not think too much would have changed since then. Your report suggested that India is a consensus overweight amongst the EMs, probably one of the favourites as well. What does this take a 12-month rolling target for your house and how soon could we actually hit that target considering the kind of space that we have exhibited in the strength over the last few days?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Yes, most people are overweight India. Most people have played India for the last one year. In fact, even the aggregate data shows that emerging market funds are on an average overweight India by 400 bps. So versus the index of around 7%, they have 11% in India.
Most people think that India is the place to be over the next one year, over the next four years. There is a general agreement with a bullish view that the earnings could go up and double over the next four years probably and the markets may follow suit.
ET Now: Do you see the earnings revival coming in soon?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: We think earnings will double over the next four years because of two factors. One is macro and the other is micro.
In macro, if you see, corporate profits as a percentage of GDP are the lowest in 10 years. So, typically that will start to pick up from these levels.
Second, if you look at the micro, then corporate margins are the lowest in the last 18 years. So from these levels it is likely that these margins will again revert to mean. If they revert to mean over the next four years, we probably are going to see the earnings double.
So, probably, you are heading for another strong spell of earnings growth now.
ET Now: Part of the market is already pricing in a rate cut ahead of the rest of analyst expectations from the market or the RBI in fact. What is the sense that you are getting? Do you think the move in the Bank Nifty and the way the entire banking pack and the market is moving could also run a little bit into a risk because the market seems to be moving ahead of the fundamentals right now purely in terms of a rate expectation cut from the RBI?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Yes, we actually have been more optimistic on the rate cut than most of the consensus.
Our view is that the rate would cut in the early part of next year. So February is where we have a first rate cut built in, which is like ahead of what the street was expecting. The view was essentially linked to inflation. Like, if we see Indian inflation, it has a good correlation with the global commodity prices. Global commodity prices are coming down. So the chances are that the inflation will keep surprising on the downside.
The RBI has this 6% target for FY16 and at least for this year, we will probably see the inflation coming in below 6% before the end of this calendar year. So to that extent, the pressure will be on the RBI. They may choose to delay the rate cuts a bit. But if you see the G-Sec market, it is already building in a rate cut coming in. So if you see, some banks have already started cutting rates. To that extent, the interest rate cycle is headed down. Now, it has become a question of when does the RBI cut.
  ET Now: Is that the principle reason for the bullishness on the auto pack?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Over the last four-five years, sectors like pharma and software have play out very well. Our view is that we are now at a stage where we are going to start having the sector rotation come through.
There are two reasons why we are bullish on the auto pack. One, we think that the GDP growth is close to bottoming out. So probably, FY16 will be stronger than FY15, and FY17 will be stronger than FY16. So you have a GDP which after four-five years of downtrend is really going to go on uptrend.
Second is the interest rate. Basically you have seen 300 bps increases in interest rates in the last five years. The next few years will see interest rates getting cut. Autos is probably one of the best things we have been playing because when we do our cycle analysis, autos is the first one to start doing well when this sort of scenario builds up.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top 5 arrows from Narendra Modi s quiver that helped stock market make new highsYou are here: Home > Collections
Measures by Narendra Modi government that helped Nifty scale 8300
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 01.30PM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(“Markets have been on…)
MUMBAI: Foreign investors are pumping in dollars in Indian equities on the hopes of reforms post the new government taking charge in May. The Nifty has surged 32 per cent year to date and breached the 8,300 level.
The markets have huge expectations from Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
They expect him to replicate the Gujarat model in the rest of the country and take India to the path of economic growth.
Since taking charge of office in May, the Modi government has been making efforts to improve investor sentiment. It also took some key decisions to clear hurdles in order to boost growth.
"Markets have been on an upward trajectory since the last few days on the back of renewed vigor shown by the government to initiate reforms, lower crude prices, lower inflation, supportive global cues & decent earnings," said Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Some of the measures the Modi government took have brought the bulls back in the market.
The optimism remains and more is expected from the government in the run-up to the Budget session.
Following are some of the measures that have lifted the mood on Dalal Street:
Taming of food inflation:
One of the main concerns for the new government was to tackle inflation. The wholesale prices had surged to 6.01 per cent in May as food inflation rose to 9.50 per cent from 8.64 per cent in April.
There was a sharp spike in onion and potatoes prices, which prompted the government to impose a minimum export price of $300 per tonne on onions.
A decision was taken to bring more rice in the open market and crack down on hoarders in order to keep the prices under control. The government also advised states to delist fruits and vegetables through the Agriculture Produce Market Committees.
In September, the wholesale inflation dropped to a five-year low of 2.38 per cent, the fourth straight month of moderation led by falling vegetable prices.
"Vegetable production has seen an increase around all metropolitan cities with planting seen an increase of 25 per cent. Next three months prices will be under control," said Shriram Gadhave, president of the Maharashtra based All India Vegetable Growers Associations, to ET.
The RBI has been staying away from lowering interest rates due to high inflation. A decline in food and fuel inflation is likely to bring down inflation and prompt the Reserve Bank of India to lower interest rates.
Labour reforms:
Soon after launching its 'Make in India' campaign, PM Modi unveiled a string of labour reforms, including measures to end 'inspector raj'. He dedicated a number of schemes under the Shramev Jayate programme, which include the portability through universal account number for employee provident fund, single window portal to enable doing business with the labour ministry and labour inspection scheme in central sphere.
"Changes will at the margin make labour compliance easier for companies. This is in line with the recent micro-level changes announced by the Modi government to improve the ease of doing business in India," said a Nomura report.
Diesel de-regulation:
One of the major reforms measures by the new government was in the oil & gas sector. The government deregulated diesel pricing and linked the pricing of the domestically produced natural gas to international benchmarks versus regulated prices earlier for both of them. According to analysts, the Union government's decision to deregulate diesel prices will significantly improve the country's finances as the oil subsidy will come down by Rs 150 billion.
The move to de-regulate diesel came at an opportune time. The international crude oil prices slipped below $100 per barrel and this gave the government elbow room to lower retail diesel prices.
  The cut in prices will go a long way in fighting inflation and help the Reserve Bank of India ease its policy stance and cut the policy rate sooner than expected.
"Diesel deregulation is a big reform that has happened because the subsidy has been ailing us both at the macro front from a fiscal perspective and the underlying companies for the last 12 years now," said Pankaj Murarka, Head Equity, Axis MF.
"It is a big reform for the sector as a whole and the view on the sector remains constructive," he added.
Coal blocks ordinance:
The government didn't wait long to bring clarity on the coal blocks that were termed illegal and were cancelled by the Supreme Court. It announced plans to issue ordinance which would be the roadmap for the coal block auctions.
The Cabinet approved auction of 74 of the recently-cancelled 204 coal blocks in the next 3-4 months. The state-owned companies will be allocated coal blocks on priority basis and will not have to bid in auction.

Water security threat greater than thoughtThreat to world’s water security greater than thought
Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/55c6d8c8-632b-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

JD (U) expels four rebels who lost their AssemblymembershipPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: November 4, 2014 12:29 am
The JD(U) on Monday expelled four rebel leaders, days after the Bihar Assembly Speaker terminated their membership for cross-voting during the Rajya Sabha bypolls.
The four former MLAs — Gyanendra Singh Gyanu, Ravindra Rai, Rahul Sharma and Niraj Kumar Singh —have, however, moved the Patna High Court against the Speaker’s decision.
JD(U) state president Bashistha Narayan Singh said the party expelled the four leaders for anti-party activities. They had cross-voted in the recent Rajya Sabha bypolls, forcing Nitish Kumar to seek RJD’s help to ensure victory of his party’s three nominees.
Reacting to the development, the four said that their expulsion was “expected as the party played a role in terminating their Assembly membership.”
Former Barh MLA Gyanendra Singh said: “The state president is rubber stamp of Nitish Kumar. The Speaker’s decision is a mockery of the 10th Schedule of the Constitution.”
The four ex-MLAs have also filed a joint plea in the Patna High Court against termination of their membership. Talking to The Indian Express, former Chhatapur MLA Niraj Kumar said, “We moved the Patna HC today against the Speaker’s order. We have prayed the order didn’t take into consideration that we had not violated any provision of the 10th Schedule during the cross-voting.”
The 10th Schedule of the Constitution allows disqualification on ground of defection if the lawmaker votes or abstains from voting in the House contrary to the direction issued by the political party to which he/she belongs. However, no whip was issued by JD(U) before the Rajya Sabha byelections.
Bihar Assembly Speaker on Saturday had cancelled the membership of the MLAs. Though 18 JD(U) MLAs had cross-voted during the RS polls, JD(U) had complained to the Speaker against Gyanendra Singh, Niraj Kumar, Ravindra Rai (Mahua) and Rahul Sharma (Ghoshi).

Stop the border parade  its juvenile and counterproductive to the peaceprocessPrint
Soldiers at the Wagah border exchanging flags. (Source: AP)
Written by Anant Goenka | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 1:20 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 6:51 pm
Aside from being an artistically choreographed act of insanely high air-kick-marching, all it really does is increase bitterness between citizens on both sides of the gates. The soldiers, let me assure you, are exchanging cigarettes and chatting when there isn’t an audience. And that’s what they should be doing. Also Read: Barring wars, never a break in retreat ceremony
I was at the Wagah border in August three years ago. Our side was (as usual) overflowing with people and the Pakistani stands were at roughly 30% capacity. Both sides were playing blaring patriotic songs to rile up the crowds before the act began, and on our side, people lined up to wait their turn to be given a giant Indian flag holding which they would run towards Pakistan and wave with an angry expression.
We really need to ask ourselves, what is the objective of this?
On the one hand we talk about peace and friendship, and on the other, we encourage a 60-year-old systematic and choreographed act of animosity to play out twice a day, everyday. And all in front of a live audience of impressionable six-and seven-year-olds who stand in a line tugging their mother’s dupattas saying “mera number kab aayega” just to run up to the kilometer of no man’s land and yell “vande mataram”. Also Read:  LoC tension sours Bakrid exchange at Wagah post
I felt the need for a calming dip in the Golden Temple after watching this hideous process. Yes, people may feel a heightened sense of national pride when they stand together and watch our army be emotive and appear resolved. The fact is patriotism unites us, and one can’t overstate the need for unity in India. But after 67 years of independence, we need to find common factors other than our juvenile, hard-wired hatred for Pakistan, to unite us. The entire country – not just the intellectual elite – needs to realize that being angry and hating our enemy state is entirely useless. Also Read:  Who’s the Wagah? An artwork near Wagah border blends stories of migration, identity and harmony
Pakistan, for all practical purposes, is a failed state being led by faceless leaders. We can’t keep second-guessing the motives of each of the power centers that emerge out of Pakistan; this is the reason that most dialogue with Pakistan has been inconclusive. Our safety as a nation lies in a safe neighbourhood and we must do our part to see that the most troubled member of our neighbourhood stabilises and thrives. This is the only way there will be continuation in Pakistan’s leadership and therefore a meaningful conversation with India.
But before all this, we must be friendly. At the risk of sounding like a high-school idealist, the next time we’re at Wagah, let’s feel patriotic about our reasonably successful democracy, and let’s exchange gifts of Indian culture: poetry, literature and mithai instead continued…

Qatar pares support for Islamists but careful to preservetiesBy: Reuters | Doha | Posted: November 3, 2014 1:18 pm
Smoke rises over Kobani after an airstrike, as seen from the Mursitpinar border crossing on the
Turkish-Syrian border, on Saturday. Source: Reuters
Qatar has joined the American-led coalition to fight Islamic State, yet the emirate is a haven for anti-Western groups and foreign diplomats have reported seeing cars with Islamic State logos in an affluent bay district. Such ambiguity runs through Qatari policy.
When the United States sought allies against Islamic State in Sept, Qatar was among the Gulf Arab states that sent its warplanes into action. But while Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates welcomed media coverage, Qatar was silent. There was talk among diplomats that Qatari planes merely flew a reconnaissance mission on the first night of the attacks.
In fact, a security source close to the government said, its planes did attack Islamic State targets in Syria later in the campaign, although that has not been officially confirmed. Diplomats and analysts said the episode showed two things: First, Qatar’s decision to join the hostilities was a pragmatic response to pressure from fellow Gulf Arabs, who have rebuked Qatar f or backing Islamists during Arab Spring revolts. Second, diplomats say, Qatar’s reticence about its role suggests that it is also being careful to preserve influence with Islamist forces it believes are the long-term future.
Three years after the start of the Arab Spring, the Middle East is experiencing a backlash against political Islam, and Qatar is trimming its policies. In so doing, the contradictory nature of those policies is being exposed. Qatar hosts the largest U.S. air base in the Middle East, owns swathes of Western real estate and is an enthusiastic customer for Western weaponry.
Yet it also provides haven to anti-Western groups such as the Afghan Taliban, Palestinian Hamas and Algeria’s Islamic Salvation Front.
Their members frequent downtown shopping malls, rubbing shoulders with Western expatriates, and worship in mosques attended by Qataris and Muslim guest workers.
They live out of town in secluded districts. North of Doha lies the town of Umm al-Amad, a huddle of farms and small mosques, which shelters a number of Syrians belonging to the al-Tawhid, one of dozens of armed Islamist factions fighting the government of President Bashar al-Assad.
Opinions that would invite the attention of the police in pro-Western Bahrain or UAE, are commonplace here. In Umm al-Amad, the Egyptian director of a private religious school teaching young girls the Koran, said the Qatari government did not interfere with the school’s teaching.
“What’s happening these days is a war against Islam,” she said. Then, apparently referring to Islamic State or the al Qaeda-aligned Nusra Front, she added: “Those fighters in Syria and Iraq fighting against the crusaders… have a just cause.”
SUSPICION
The breadth and resilience of Qatar’s links to Islamist groups fuels suspicions in many other Gulf states. Three of them – the UAE, Saudi continued…

GK Vasan rebels  splits Congress in Tamil NaduBlow to Congress in Tamil Nadu, Vasan quits
KV Lakshmana , Hindustan Times  Chennai, November 03, 2014
First Published: 12:39 IST(3/11/2014) | Last Updated: 09:20 IST(4/11/2014)
Comments
Former Union minister GK Vasan quit the Congress on Monday and announced plans to form a new political party in Tamil Nadu, striking another blow to the beleaguered party after its bruising loss in the general election and recent assembly polls.
 
Vasan said he decided to break away and offer the people of Tamil Nadu an alternative because the Congress had failed to reflect the aspirations of its cadres.
“We are starting a new party. The name of the new party and its symbol would be announced soon at a rally to be held in Tiruchi shortly,” Vasan said. “Congress has not been in power in Tamil Nadu for the past 47 years. We will chart out a new course, a new approach to win over the people and present a good alternative to the Dravidian parties.”
Hours after Vasan announced his resignation, the Congress “expelled” him in an action aimed at demonstrating that it would not tolerate rebellion.
Vasan’s announcement leaves the Congress in a precarious position in Tamil Nadu ahead of assembly polls in 2016. With the leadership of the two major regional
parties — the DMK and the AIADMK — mired in controversies and corruption cases, it also gives the BJP a political edge as it seeks to expand its national footprint after its big win in the Lok Sabha polls and the assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
The move fuelled speculation that the Tamil leader may revive the Tamil Maanila Congress, a party founded in 1996 by his father, the late Moopanar, that merged with the Congress in 2002.
Three of five Congress MLAs were with Vasan when he announced his decision to quit the party, including senior leaders Peter Alphons and Vishwanathan.

Wagah bombing: High alert on India-Pakistan border  death toll rises to 61Uber cab rape case: Police conduct raids in UP, no background check on driver
Police are now on the lookout in UP for the radio cab driver who allegedly raped a woman executive in Delhi. Several police teams are conducting raids in different parts of the state, especially in  Mainpuri, because the suspect was a resident of this area. Poll | Why do such crimes continue despite public outrage?
The Indian Army on Sunday said the militants' group, which carried out the attack on its Uri camp, was looking to hit civilian targets in order to create fear ahead of the third phase polling in the state.
Black Money Probe
Come with proof, not for 'fishing expedition': Switzerland tells India
As India continues its pursuit of black money allegedly stashed abroad, Switzerland has said it would not entertain any 'fishing expedition' and authorities cannot ask for names of all Indian account holders in Swiss banks without doing their own independent investigations.

CESC offers QIP shares at a discountCESC offers QIP shares at a discount
PTI
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov 3:  
City-based RP Sanjiv Goenka group’s flagship company CESC Ltd today offered equity shares at a discount, at Rs 644, against the floor price of Rs 677.84 apiece to qualified institutional investors.
The decision came after the company reportedly received tepid response from overseas investors in the recently concluded Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP).
The company today announced the placement of 76,21,118 (approx 3.5 per cent of total capital) equity shares of Rs 10 each at Rs 644 to eligible institutional buyers in an issue that closed on October 29.
However, the company officials declined to comment, on whether it received several bids from overseas investors below the floor price in the wake of the coal block hurdle.
CESC Ltd had received bids worth USD 95—97 million against the issue size of USD 80 million.
The issue had provision of discount of 5 per cent that can be provided on the floor price of the equity shares at the discretion of CESC.
The placement happened in the backdrop of promulgation of the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance.
CESC would not only lose two coal mines, one of which is operational, it would also have to pay Rs 97 crore as penalty payable under the Supreme Court order for all the coals mined from these mines till date, according to the disclosure made in the placement document.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Brent drops further away from $86 on strong dollar  China s dataBrent drops further away from $86 on strong dollar, China's data
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Nov 3:  
Brent crude inched lower on Monday, dropping further away from $86 a barrel as mixed Chinese data and a strong dollar put pressure on prices.
Although growth in China’s vast factory sector rose to a three-month high in October as smaller firms saw more orders, according to a private survey, the numbers still pointed to a sluggish economy that is losing momentum.
Dollar vs yen
The US dollar touched seven-year peaks versus the yen on Monday, dragging on oil prices as it makes the commodity more expensive for buyers holding other currencies.
Brent crude for December delivery fell 28 cents to $85.58 a barrel by 0744 GMT. The oil benchmark fell more than 9 per cent in October, hitting its lowest in almost four years at $82.60 on October. 16.
US crude fell 31 cents to $80.23 per barrel after losing more than 11 percent last month.
“The big driver that we are seeing is the strength of the US dollar. That is something that would weigh on the potential upside of the oil price,’’ said Ben Le Brun at OptionsXpress, although adding that the China data was another key factor.
HSBC China manufacturing PMI
The final HSBC/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) edged up to 50.4 in October from September reading of 50.2, but unchanged from a preliminary reading.
While the headline number looked slightly better, growth rates slowed in several key areas heading into the fourth quarter, putting the government's full-year growth target of 7.5 per cent further in doubt.
“This week’s manufacturing PMI would likely have some positive effect on crude prices as it confirms a slightly improving global demand, however, unlikely strong enough to generate enough momentum for a change in trend,’’ said a research note by Phillip Futures.
NBS survey
A similar survey by China’s National Bureau of Statistic (NBS) released on Saturday showed factory activity unexpectedly fell to a five-month low last month as firms struggled with slowing orders and rising borrowing costs.
The official Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) from the NBS eased to 50.8 in October from September’s 51.1, but was above the 50-point level that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis.
The official PMI is focused on larger, state-owned factories, as opposed to the HSBC/Markit PMI which concentrates more on smaller manufacturers in the private sector.
Separately, an official reading on the services industry earlier on Monday showed growth in that sector hit a nine-month low in October as the cooling property sector weighed on demand.
Oil supply from OPEC
As investors grappled with an overall brittle growth in China, oil supply from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) in 2015 is expected to be similar to this year, its secretary general had said last week, adding to signs that the group is in no hurry to cut output.
Iraq has managed to restore oil exports from its southern Basra terminals to 2.4 million barrels per day (bpd) on Sunday after bad weather had reduced its exports to 1.44 million bpd, a shipping source said.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

European shares down in early tradeEuropean shares down in early trade
Reuters
Tweet
Paris, Nov 3:  
European stocks inched lower in early trading on Monday, taking a breather following last week’s sharp gains, while Ryanair soared after raising its profit outlook.
Shares in the low-cost airline climbed 5.9 per cent after it lifted its annual profit forecast almost 20 per cent on a surge in winter bookings and said it would slash fares by up to 10 percent in the new year to steal more market share from struggling higher-cost rivals.
At 0802 GMT, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top European shares was down 0.1 per cent at 1,350.56 points. The benchmark index gained 1.8 per cent on Friday, after the Bank of Japan surprised global financial markets by ramping up its massive stimulus spending.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Sensex down 38 points on profit-taking; consumer durables  auto stocks skidSensex ends flat after hitting record high
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
The Sensex and the Nifty snapped their four-day winning spree and ended near flat due to emergence of fresh selling in consumer durables and auto stocks amid weak European cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended at 27,860.38, down 5.45 points and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended at 8,324.15, up 1.95 points.
Among BSE sectoral indices, consumer durables stocks fell the most by 1.48 per cent, followed by auto 0.88 per cent, PSU 0.23 per cent and oil & gas 0.21 per cent. On the other hand, realty index was the star-performer and was up 3.61 per cent, followed by banking 0.46 per cent, healthcare 0.37 per cent and capital goods 0.29 per cent.
SSLT, Axis Bank, HDFC, ICICI Bank and Infosys were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while the top five losers were GAIL, M&M, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp and Maruti.
Indian shares hit a third consecutive record high on Monday but the gains fizzled out later in the session, with both indexes ending flat as automakers such as Tata Motors declined after the monthly sales fell.
Earlier in the session, the sentiment had been supported by a continued rally in lenders such as ICICI Bank due to expectations that the Reserve Bank of India would cut interest rates as early as its next policy reviews in December or February.
Airlines stock surges
Shares of airline companies surged as state-run oil marketing companies slashed jet fuel prices, according to local media reports.
Fuel charges contribute to nearly one-third of an airline's operational expenses - analyst with a local brokerage said.
Jet Airways Ltd was up 3.53 per cent and SpiceJet gained 6.75 per cent.
Auto stocks skid
Shares of auto companies fell after the October sales numbers were below some analysts' estimates.
Hero MotoCorp fell 1.66 per cent and Mahindra and Mahindra was down 2.67 per cent. Maruti Suzuki India Ltd was down 1.58 per cent, while Tata Motors was down 0.84 per cent.
Maruti reported a 1.1 per cent fall in October sales, while Mahindra reported a 15 per cent fall in sales.
According to Kotak Securities, auto manufacturers reported weak despatches in October. "We believe automobile growth is likely to moderate to low-single digits over the next few months,'' it said.
A report by Equentis Capital said: "India’s economy is expected to continue its growth story intact in long-term. Liberalisation of Indian economy could open opportunities in service, infrastructure and manufacturing sectors. Positive efforts by the government in direction to make India as a better investment destination is clearly visible trying to keep foreign money in the country. Earlier growth-oriented tie-ups with other Asian and global countries by the government will surely help India to achieve better than expected economical growth in coming years."
Markets closed
Trading will be truncated this week as the stock market will remain closed tomorrow, November 4, on account of Muharram. Also, there will be no trading on Thursday on account of Gurunanak Jayanti.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth Rs 1,754.73 crore last Friday.
European shares
European stocks were down, after this year’s biggest weekly rally, as investors weighed an increase in mergers and acquisitions activity.
Stoxx 50 was down 7.43 points or 0.24 per cent at 3,105.89 and FTSE 100 was down 8.47 points or 0.13 per cent at 6,538.
Asian stocks slipped from a one-month high after gauges of China’s manufacturing and services industries showed signs of a broadening slowdown in the world’s second-largest economy.
On the macro front, disappointing surveys out of China's manufacturing and services sectors will weigh on investor sentiment.
Data showed China's economy lost further momentum heading into the fourth quarter as a cooling property market weighed on activity and export demand softened. However, a fresh dip in the euro against the dollar was set to reassure investors about the profit outlook for European exporters.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

BSF put on high alert in Rajasthan after WagahblastBy: Press Trust of India | Jaisalmer | Posted: November 3, 2014 2:05 pm
High alert has been sounded on the border area here by BSF in the wake of the blast near Wagah border in Pakistan. “BSF personnel have been put on high alert after the blast yesterday. Patrolling along the border areas has been intensified,” BSF DIG, Ravi Gandhi said today.
He said number of BSF personnel at some posts have been increased. At least 61 people were killed and nearly 200 injured when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah in Pakistan on Sunday, minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pak land border crossing.

Sensex  Nifty weak; auto  FMCG dragSensex  Nifty weak; auto  FMCG drag
KPMG to bring World Economic Forum live to IndiaKPMG to bring World Economic Forum live to India
Money Market Operations as on November 01  2014Money Market Operations as on November 01  2014
Century Enka drops after poor Q2 resultsCentury Enka drops after poor Q2 results
R.I.P Sadashiv Amrapurkar: Top 10 Dialogues from Films of Bollywood s Ace VillaiR.I.P Sadashiv Amrapurkar: Top 10 Dialogues from Films of Bollywood s Ace Villai
Why Japan s fight against deflation may failWhy Japan s fight against deflation may fail
Soma Textiles & Industries announces demise of directorSoma Textiles & Industries announces demise of director
ScoopWhoop sells 36.5% stake to Bharti SoftbankScoopWhoop sells 36.5% stake to Bharti Softbank
Vasan quits Congress after 14 years to form own partyVasan quits Congress after 14 years to form own party
Apollo Hospital Q2 profit may rise 7% to Rs 92.87 cr: PollApollo Hospital Q2 profit may rise 7% to Rs 92.87 cr: Poll
China develops highly accurate laser for shooting down dronesChina develops new laser system for shooting down drones
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Nov 3:  
China has developed a highly accurate home-made laser defence weapon system capable of shooting down small-scale drones flying at a low attitude.
Characterised by its speed, precision and low noise, the system is designed to destroy unmanned, small-scale drones flying within an altitude of 500 metres and at a speed below 50m/s, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
It is also expected at the same time to play a key role in ensuring security during major events in urban areas and address unlicensed mapping activities, the agency reported.
The weapon is able to shoot down small aircraft within a two-kilometre radius and can do so in five seconds after locating its target, said a statement released by the China Academy of Engineering Physics, one of the system’s co-developers.
“Intercepting such drones is usually the work of snipers and helicopters, but their success rate is not as high and mistakes with accuracy can result in unwanted damage,” Yi Jinsong, a manager with China Jiuyuan Hi-Tech Equipment Corp, said.
According to Xi, small-scale, unmanned drones were relatively cheap and easy to use, making them a likely choice for terrorists.
The new laser system, which will either be installed or transported in vehicles, will keep a tight vigil on security for domestic political meetings, international conferences and sports events, looking to prevent public protests as well as any threats to the participants.
Adding that, they said a recent test saw the machine successfully shoot down more than 30 drones — a 100 per cent success rate.
The academy further is developing similar laser security systems with greater power and range, they said.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

NZ minister  Stephen Fleming to lead trade mission to IndiaNZ minister, Stephen Fleming to lead trade mission to India
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
New Zealand Minister for primary industries, Nathan Guy, along with former skipper and Chennai Super Kings coach Stephen Fleming is leading a business delegation to Delhi and Mumbai this week to further strengthen trade ties ahead of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2015.
“New Zealand and India are both great cricketing nations. I am delighted to be leading this trade mission, and also to celebrate New Zealand’s hosting of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2015. New Zealand currently exports $594 million to India, but there is scope to grow the market,” said Guy.
Minister Guy will be accompanied by representatives from 15 New Zealand companies across a range of sectors including food and beverage, agribusiness, technology, tourism and sports.
Guy, Fleming and the New Zealand trade delegation’s visit will further strengthen bilateral relations between the two countries.
India is New Zealand’s fastest growing source of international students. It is also developing as a place for New Zealand firms to do business and visit. Tourist numbers to New Zealand from India increased by almost 20 per cent in the year to September 2014.
“On the cricket pitch we are fierce competitors, but our trade and business links with India are growing and important to our future,” says Guy.
India will play two World Cup games in New Zealand, against Ireland in Hamilton on March 10 and against Zimbabwe in Auckland on March 14. They may also play their quarterfinal or semi-final in the Kiwi land.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Euro slips ahead of manufacturing dataUS dollar surges after strong data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d44c9b0-6308-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Just Eat reports healthy third-quarter orders© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ee4840e-632a-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple Pay Fails to Unify Fragmented MarketYou are here: Home Corporates
Apple Pay Fails to Unify Fragmented Market
Agence France Presse | Updated On: November 01, 2014 14:14 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
Washington: Apple Pay, meant to inject momentum into a fragmented market for the emerging mobile payments sector, has instead highlighted the squabbles between retailers and the banking and payments industry.
Since Apple Pay made its debut October 20 for US customers with the iPhone 6, several major retailers have said they would not use it.
That includes number one retail group Wal-Mart and the large pharmacy-retail group CVS, which has disabled payment terminals that could accept Apple Pay.
"You're never going to come up with anything as smooth (and) as easy as Apple Pay. But if you can't use it, you're going to use something else," said Avivah Litan, an analyst at Gartner who follows mobile payments.
Litan said a few retailers, such as McDonald's and Disney, like the system because it speeds transactions and "every fraction of a second goes to the bottom line."
But she noted that for most retailers, credit card fees simply are too high.
Apple Pay has aligned itself with major banks and payment processors Visa and MasterCard, which take a cut of every transaction, typically two to three percent.
Retailers, which often operate on razor-thin profit margins, would like to cut or eliminate those fees, and Apple Pay does nothing to change that system.
"Most of the merchants have been hungry for competition," Litan said.
Stuck in neutral
Gartner projects mobile payments will hit $721 billion around the world by 2017. But some estimates have been lowered recently amid squabbles over the type of technology used and payment structure.
Apple uses a "near field communication" or NFC chip, similar to that used by Google Wallet and Softcard, which has been slow to gain traction.
Although Apple has signed on most major US banks, Visa and MasterCard, and retailers like Macy's and Staples, many others are balking.
A coalition of merchants led by Wal-Mart, Target and Sears called MCX is promoting its own system called CurrentC, using a different technology, and importantly, allowing retailers to bypass credit cards and use direct bank debits with lower transaction costs.
Apple Pay "really falls short when it comes to merchant value proposition," said Litan.
Nitesh Patel, analyst with Strategy Analytics, said retailers are not necessarily targeting Apple but want "to avoid what they believe are excessive swipe fees and the cost of upgrading hardware and software to accept contactless payments."
But he added that if Apple Pay catches on, the retailers will be forced to go along.
Patel said, however, that if the retailer sector does not unify around the contactless system used by Apple Pay, users may revert to their old habits, "since they will need to carry their payment cards and wallet with them anyway."
"This is a challenge that all proponents of contactless payments, Google Wallet, Softcard and Apple Pay face together," Patel told AFP.
The merchant system got a black eye when it revealed a data breach exposing customer emails, even though the app itself was not affected.
Forrester Research analyst Denee Carrington said security is an advantage for Apple.
"Apple Pay is highly secure, and the data privacy will mean that merchants are less likely to be hacked since they won't have card payment data that hackers are interested in," she said.
"Apple Pay is also very fast and consumers seem to like it as well."
Battle for customer data
Bob O'Donnell at Technalysis Research said Apple's privacy protections make the system less attractive to retailers, because they cannot as easily track customer habits to deliver coupons or marketing messages.
"They want that data," O'Donnell said. "That's why the grocery stores give you the loyalty cards."
O'Donnell said Apple has created excitement about mobile payments but has failed to bridge the differences among the market players.
"It gives momentum to the sector but it remains fragmented," he said.
"Apple Pay provides an example of the promise and the challenges of mobile payments in a very clear way."
Litan said meanwhile that the squabbles could intensify. And she noted that retailers which are disabling the ability to use contactless NFC technology could also be blocking rival systems.
The merchant-sponsored system uses a more cumbersome technology that requires customers to scan a QR (quick response) code and display that. But by bypassing the credit card system, it can reduce costs for merchants, who may pass on these savings to customers.
"The merchant systems are never going to be as convenient as Apple's," Litan said.
"They can't compete with Apple on convenience but they can on price. It's going to boil down to price versus convenience, and price usually wins."
Story first published on: November 01, 2014 14:12 (IST)

Air India hostess hiring  crashesAir India hostess hiring 'crashes'
Sanjay Singh     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 1, 2014  | 18:37 IST
Air India's (AI) move to recruit more cabin crew has turned out to be a major embarrassment as around 200 hostesses selected in August have either not reported for duty or have left their two-week training midway.
Top airline officials told Mail Today that of the 225 cabin crew, largely comprising hostesses, hardly 30 have joined.
Subsequently, a desperate Air India advertised for 161 cabin crew posts-131 hostess and 30 flight pursers-on October 29. Unlike the earlier recruitment, the airline has this time invited freshers who would join as trainee on contract for a limited term of five years with a monthly salary of  Rs 10,000.
Most of the trained 225 cabin crew had come from private airlines and took a pay cut to join AI hoping that they would be flown on wide-bodies Boeing 787 Dreamliners as advertised by the carrier in August. However, they were deployed on narrow-bodies Airbus A320s.
"The air hostesses complained that they had joined despite a salary cut hoping that by flying on Dreamliners, as per the advertisement, would help them promote their career as they could have later on moved to foreign airlines, which pay more," an AI official said.
Chairman and managing director Rohit Nandan admitted that several crew members did not turn up. The salary being offered to these trained hostesses was Rs 25,000 per month while they were earning more than double at private airlines, an airline official told Mail Today.
Unlike full-time cabin crew of AI, new contractual entrants will not get medical benefits, flats at Air India Colony, provident fund, gratuity and free tickets. Moreover, the salary being offered to contrac-tual cabin crew is way less than the industry average, one of the major deterrents AI faces during recruit-ment.
"It is really difficult to actually manage on such a meagre salary. As an air hostess, you have to spend extra to maintain your looks. Even if we go to a beautician once a month, it takes around  Rs 3,000," said a hostess. AI had withdrawn the kit maintenance allowance to its hostess in 1994.

ATM users resent new RBI normUpdated: November 2, 2014 10:56 IST
ATM users resent new RBI norm
City Bureau
banking
Bank customers have resented the RBI’s new rule which states that more than five transactions a month at an ATM will be charged Rs. 20 each. Since this applies to home bank ATMs and covers all transactions, including change of pin or requesting a mini statement, residents say this will be extremely inconvenient.
“It is unsafe to keep large amounts of money in hostel rooms. So we usually withdraw a few hundreds at a time,” says M. Shiva, a student.
Tasneem Aferoz, a resident of Nanganallur, says: “I will either have to withdraw large amounts or wait in a queue at the bank.”
Banks, however, deny that this will overcrowd their premises. Sources in the RBI-Chennai region say the move was aimed at decreasing the use of currency notes and encouraging people to use virtual money.
“But we have told banks to decide if they want to increase the number of free transactions beyond the five. State Bank of India has come out with plans, including 10 free ATM transactions for those who meet certain requirements, and unlimited free transactions for those who maintain more than Rs. 1 lakh in their savings account,” the official adds.
However, the restriction will not apply to ‘no-frills’/basic savings accounts.
(Reporting by K. Lakshmi, Kavita Kishore, Zubeda Hamid, and Sangeetha Kandavel)

Syria escalates barrel bomb attacks as world attention shifts to combat ISISPrint
A firefight between militants in Syria and Jordanian border guards killed one gunman and wounded two.
By: Press Trust of India | Beirut | Posted: November 2, 2014 11:01 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 11:35 am
With global attention focused on the fight against jihadists, Syria’s regime has in recent weeks stepped up its use of deadly barrel bomb strikes, killing civilians and wreaking devastation. In less than a fortnight, warplanes have dropped at least 401 barrel bombs on rebel areas in eight provinces, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a monitoring group.
Activist Yassin Abu Raed, from the town of Anadan in northern Aleppo province, has seen his house hit three times in barrel bomb attacks. The latest strike destroyed it completely. “Death is all around us, and nobody cares,” he told AFP via the Internet. “Barrel bombs kill those we love most, they destroy houses, dreams and memories, and leave us without any hope that the killing will ever stop.”
Syrian President Bashar Assad is taking advantage of the US-led coalition’s war against the Islamic State group.
“All this, and no one has even heard of us, no one feels for us.” The Observatory, which documents casualties and strikes, relying on a broad network of activists and doctors across the war-torn country, said at least 232 civilians have been killed in regime air strikes, including barrel bomb attacks, since October 20.
Observatory director Rami Abdel Rahman said the number of barrel bomb attacks is now “much higher” than a fortnight ago. The regime began using barrel bombs in late 2012, but stepped up its attacks this year, with a wave of raids in February alone killing hundreds of people.
Barrel bombs are typically constructed from large oil drums, gas cylinders or water tanks filled with high explosives and scrap metal. On Wednesday, helicopters dropped four barrel bombs on a camp for displaced people in the northwestern province of Idlib, killing at least 10 people and wounding dozens, according to the Observatory.
Activists posted horrific video footage on YouTube, showing bodies torn apart and people wailing as they tried to rescue survivors. The United States denounced the attack as “barbaric”. Ismail al-Hassan, a volunteer nurse at a field hospital in Idlib province, told AFP via the Internet that health workers face immense difficulties treating the wounded after a barrel bomb blast.
“Most of the casualties from barrel bomb strikes are women and children,” said Hassan, adding that medical staff suffer from severe equipment shortages, making it hard to treat casualties properly. Hassan also said he and his colleagues suffer deep psychological scars from treating victims.

Tony Award-Winning Actor Sells Penthouse Studiotony award-winning actor sells penthouse studio
Syrian jihad lures disaffected TunisiansNovember 2, 2014 11:06 am
Syrian jihad lures disaffected Tunisian youth into foreign war
Heba Saleh in Tunis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1281b63a-5cf7-11e4-9753-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Google World s Most  In-Demand  EmployerSahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi: Google is the world's most sought after employer in the world, followed by Apple and Unilever, according to a report by professional networking site LinkedIn.
The list was dominated by American companies with as many as 63 'in-demand' firms headquartered in the US. Moreover, eight of the top ten most sought after employers in the world are US-based.
No Indian company made it to the coveted list. However, a significant number of them do have presence in the country.
The 'World's 100 Most InDemand Employers: 2014' report was based on billions of interactions from LinkedIn's over 300 million members.
Besides Google, and Apple and Unilever at the second and third spots respectively, other companies in the top 10 list included Microsoft (4th), Facebook (5th), Amazon (6th), Procter & Gamble (7th), GE (8th), Nestle (9th) and PepsiCo (10th).
A sector-wise analysis showed that the top three sectors that dominated the list include technology, telecom and media, followed by retail and consumer products, and oil and energy.
As per the LinkedIn survey, around 15 per cent of the in-demand companies have fewer than 5,000 employees. The employee count for each company was based on the number of member profiles on LinkedIn associated with the company.
As per the report, the top three smallest companies by number of employees are Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation (1,622 employees), Airbnb (1,836) and Netflix (1,906).
In order to calculate the winners LinkedIn analysed over 10 billion data points between members and companies and compared the data with surveys of thousands of members to determine a company's "familiarity and engagement score".
"The analysis also weighted member actions like viewing employee profiles, visiting Company Pages and following companies," LinkedIn said.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 13:03 (IST)

Virgin Group funds tapped for delayed space ventureNovember 2, 2014 6:39 pm
Virgin Group funds tapped for delayed space venture
By Richard Waters and Simeon Kerr
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d51be70-62b7-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Long-term investments in equities is the way forwardMany investors, especially ones in retail, feel left out as equity returns have zoomed past other asset classes returns.
Posted: November 3, 2014 1:16 am
BY NILESH SHAH
Indian equity markets have rallied by more than 30 per cent in the last one year. FIIs have invested more than $13 billion so far in this calendar year. Domestic investors are back with equity mutual funds receiving record flows in last six months. Equity capital raised by India Inc so far in this financial year has already exceeded in what was raised over the last financial year. Equity returns have been driven to a lesser extent by the earnings expansion and to a greater extent by improvement in price-to-earning ratio or expansion- in- valuation multiple.
Small cap index has delivered almost triple the return of large cap index and mid cap index has given almost double the return of large cap index in the last  year. Many investors, especially ones in retail, feel left out as equity returns have zoomed past other asset classes returns.
Most global strategists see India’s GDP growth picking up, inflation coming down, the interest rate softening and corporate earnings growth accelerating, They are recommending India as a must invest / overweight destination. This is partially driven by the fact that other emerging markets like Russia — due to Ukraine crisis and governance related issues, China — due to slowing growth and credit concerns and Brazil — weaker macros and current recessionary situation have to sort out their problems before investors can participate. All this peers are trading at a significant valuation discount to India. Brazil is trading at about 33 per cent discount , Russia at about 66 per cent discount and China at about 50 per cent discount to Indian valuations on a forward basis. In some sense Brazil, Russia and China are at Udipi Restaurant pricing / valuation whereas India is at a five-star Restaurant pricing/valuation. Clearly, Indian delivery in terms of earnings and governance standard have to be much superior to other peers to justify premium valuation. From a flow point of view while US Fed has officially withdrawn quantitative easing, Japan and Europe will continue to provide easy liquidity. As the experience of Japan suggests, revival of economy through monetary stimulus is like riding a tiger — easy to start but difficult to stop. The developed economies at the current level of consumption will not be able to grow rapidly. The monetary stimulus will find its way into emerging markets where growth is superior and valuations are reasonable.
Indian economy is today in a sweet spot. Lower commodity prices, especially crude at $85 per barrel have given significant boost to the economy in terms of lower trade deficit , lower petrol subsidy and lower inflation. Diesel deregulation, albeit at lower oil prices, has given confidence to the market on reforms push. Drop in continued…

Efforts to bring black money on right track: Modigovernment
Modi promises to bring back ‘every paisa’ stashed away abroad
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said “black money” stashed in illicit offshore accounts belonged to the nation’s poor and assured the nation he would bring it back.
“As far as black money is concerned…I speak from my heart…my country people, trust your pradhan sewak…for me its an article of faith…whatever money of india’s poor has gone out….every paisa should come back…that’s my commitment,” the PM said during Mann Ki Baat, his now popular radio address to the nation.
Addressing citizens for the second time in as many months—the last address aired on October 3rd—Mr. Modi also said he was heartened to see people heralding change.
“Last time, I had asked people to buy one Khadi cloth…the gramodyog department told me Khadi sales grew by 125 percent in that one week starting October 2nd,” he said.
He similarly commended people on participating enthusiastically in the Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan saying it was heartening to see children taking care not to litter and people not littering in trains.
“Where does sickness go? It goes first to the poor, not the rich. So cleanliness is the greatest service to the poor…my cleanliness drive is directly linked to the welfare and health of my poor brothers and sisters,” Mr. Modi said.
The PM said he was noticing more and more people—especially the young—had begun talking about social issues.
“Whoever meets me these days, be it celebrities, businesspeople, officials, they talk less about their self-interests and more about social issues and what they could do about them,” Mr. Modi said.
Opinions on how to bring black money back, he said, could differ, but “whatever I understand and based on the information I have…I assure you we are on the right path”.
“Today nobody knows—not me, not you, not the government, not even the previous government—how much money is stashed abroad. I don’t want to get into complex numbers…but I assure you that my efforts will not fall short,” he said.
The PM also recounted his trip to Siachen where he spent time with jawans.
“When the nation was celebrating Diwali, I had gone to Siachen to spend time with our jawans…its because of them we are able to celebrate Diwali…I got to know how difficult it is for them to live there. I salute them for their commitment,” he said, while also congratulating the Indian army for winning the gold medal at the prestigious Exercise Cambrian Patrol, an annual international military patrolling event held in the UK.
He also praised Indian sportspersons who had participated in the Incheon Asian games. The other day I met the sportspersons over tea…India has less facilities for sportspersons compared to other nations, but instead of complaining, they said they wanted to do better,” he said.
The PM congratulated officials of the HRD ministry for formulating schemes for specially-abled children.
“After I expressed my views on the subject, officials of HRD ministry have come together to formulate some schemes including one where 1000 selected children will be provided scholarships for technical education …see this is how change within government occurs,” he said.
“Another scheme, these children need special infrastructure…so officials have decided all KVs and CUs will get Rs. 1 lakh for building this infrastructure…this is shubh shuruaat,” he said.
In his next radio address, Mr. Modi said he would discuss the increasing number of young people falling prey to drug abuse.
“A letter from Abhishek Parekh asked me to discuss drug abuse on Mann Ki Baat… some mothers, sisters and doctors also told me this. I understand his pain…next time, I will definitely discuss that in detail,” he said, while inviting suggestions and success stories from people on the issue.
For those who didn’t have access to internet, the PM asked them to write letters to “Mann Ki Baat, Akashwani Bhawan, Parliament Street”.
“When you write, it shows you are a proactive citizen, that you are concerned such citizens are the nation’s greatest asset,” he said.
 

Strong Dollar Squeezes Commodities  Bank of Japan Puts ECB in a BindYou are here: Home Market
Strong Dollar Squeezes Commodities, Bank of Japan Puts ECB in a Bind
Reuters | Updated On: November 03, 2014 12:23 (IST)
India Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
Sydney: The US dollar powered to seven-year peaks against the yen on Monday and a two-year high on the euro, a punishing trend for commodities priced in dollars as gold, silver and oil all fell.
Disappointing surveys out of China's manufacturing and services sectors highlighted the relative health of the US economy, and piled pressure on other countries to ease monetary policy yet further.
The dollar came within a whisker of 113.00 yen in early trade, before taking a breather at 112.72. It has climbed over 3 per cent since the Bank of Japan stunned markets by doubling down on its already massive stimulus programme.
The bold move has raised expectations the European Central Bank will eventually have to bite the bullet on quantitative easing, even if not at its meeting on Thursday.
"In this environment of subdued growth and long-term low-flation, we expect the ECB to announce the purchase of government bonds of euro area member states by early next year at the latest," said Apolline Menut, an analyst at Barclays.
That outlook is one reason the euro caved to a fresh two-year trough of $1.2444, and why the dollar reached levels not seen since mid-2010 against a basket of currencies.
While Tokyo stocks were enjoying a holiday after Friday's 4.8 per cent surge in the Nikkei, shares across Asia were consolidating their gains.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.5 per cent from a five-week high, but most regional markets were a shade firmer.
In Europe, the FTSE, DAX and CAC 40 were all seen opening with minor changes.
On Wall Street, both the Dow Jones industrial average and the S&P 500 index had notched record closing highs on Friday. The Dow gained 1.13 per cent and the S&P 500 1.17 per cent.
China data underwhelms
Sentiment in Asia was somewhat tempered by a survey showing China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October as a cooling property sector weighed on demand.
That followed an unexpected dip in China's factory activity to a five-month low in October, underlining the uncertain outlook for world's second biggest economy.
Still, the prospect of further policy stimulus helped support stocks and Shanghai gained 0.5 per cent.
The soft data knocked almost a full cent off the Australian dollar, which is often used by investors as a liquid proxy for bets on China.
Yet the allure of Australia's relatively high yields has only been burnished by the BOJ's actions and lifted the Aussie to its highest on the yen since May last year.
Indeed, by announcing it would buy more longer-dated bonds and thus push down already threadbare yields, the BOJ is clearly trying to force Japanese investors to seek higher returns in riskier assets, both at home and abroad.
The rush out of yen was given more impetus by news that Japan's $1.2 trillion Government Pension Investment Fund will raise its holdings of foreign stocks to 25 per cent, well above some analysts' expectations.
In contrast, US Treasury yields ended higher last week after the Federal Reserve wound down its bond buying campaign against a generally improving economic background.
In a data-packed week, the US's ISM index of manufacturing activity due later on Monday is expected to hold at a relatively healthy 56.2 in October. The October payrolls report on Friday is forecast to show a solid increase of around 231,000 new hires.
In commodity markets, gold was pinned near its lowest since 2010 at $1,168 an ounce, as was silver at $15.87.
Brent oil slipped another 23 cents to $85.63 a barrel, while US crude lost 36 cents to $80.18
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Strong dollar squeezes commodities  BOJ puts onus on ECB2
Traders shifted bets on the Federal Reserve's first round of interest-rate increases to July 2015 from September 2015 before the report.
The jobs report caused the yield on U.S. 2-year Treasuries  to rise to its highest since May 2011, according to Reuters data. The yield curve flattened, with the differential between the five-year note and the 30-year bond falling to its lowest level since January 2009.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note  was off 14/32 and yielding 2.3047 percent.
The dollar rose against a basket of currencies <.DXY> to its highest level since March 2009. The dollar also hit multi-year peaks against the euro  and against the yen . The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467, up 0.86 percent on the day.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
"Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York
Stock traders balanced the encouraging fundamental strength in the U.S. economy with the prospect of a rate rise.
Financial shares led gains. The S&P financial index <.SPSY> was up 1 percent, with higher interest rates expected to boost earnings in the sector. Utilities, a dividend play, lost ground as Treasuries yields rose. The S&P utility index <.SPLRCU> was down 0.8 percent.
MSCI's global share index <.MIWD00000PUS> was up 0.1 percent, while an index of European shares <.FTEU3> ended up 1.8 percent as a weaker euro boosted exporters.
Gold  dropped more than 1 percent, suffering from the dollar's strength, while Brent  and U.S. crude  continued their slide.
Spot gold  was down 1.2 percent at $1,190.90 an ounce. Brent crude fell 57 cents to settle at $69.07 a barrel, while U.S. crude oil futures dropped 97 cents to settle at $65.84.
(Additional reporting by Michael Connor, Ryan Vlastelica and Dan Bases in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler and Leslie Adler)

Cheaper Tomorrow Bank of Japan Battles Entrenched  Deflation MindsetECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
Tokyo: Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda does not need to convince Japanese people like Kazue Shibata that deflation brings problems, but getting them to believe that higher prices will make things better is proving to be a harder sell.
Shibata, 65, who runs a small dress shop in central Tokyo, worries the BOJ's mission to hit a 2-per cent inflation target could end up driving business away unless people also have more money in their pockets.
"If prices rise, people might not buy as much," she said, echoing a concern of many private-sector economists.
On Friday, Kuroda's BOJ doubled down on a high-stakes bet that the central bank can shake Japan's consumers from a defensive set of expectations hardened by a decade and a half of falling prices, lower incomes and stop-and-go growth.
"It's important for the BOJ to strongly commit to achieving its price target to get that price target firmly embedded in people's mindset," Kuroda said at a news conference on Friday, after the BOJ stunned markets with an unexpected expansion of its monetary stimulus programme.
"It won't do much good in trying to shake off the public's deflation mindset if you just say inflation will reach 2 per cent someday," Kuroda said.
At the core of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's "Abenomics" agenda is the assumption that the outlook for sustained inflation will prompt consumers to anticipate rising prices, and that consumption will rise as a result.
That represents a sea change for a country used to deflation, where clinging to cash today meant greater buying power tomorrow, a set of expectations that has proven hard to shake a year-and-a-half into an unprecedented easing by the BOJ.
Japan's economy, which has been hit by four recessions since 2000, is now on track to grow just 0.5 per cent in the year to March, according to a revised projection by the central bank.
Shibata, who has run a shop in Tokyo's Higashi Azabu neighbourhood offering ready-to-wear attire and custom-made items for about three decades, has seen the pain from that kind of slow growth - and falling prices - on her business.
"The prices people were willing to pay for order-made clothes fell, until they were almost the same as ready-to-wear," said Shibata, sitting in a cushioned chair next to her sewing machine.
Been down so long
In announcing its programme of expanded asset purchases, the BOJ stuck with projections that it could hit Kuroda's 2-per cent inflation in the fiscal year beginning next April.
But Japan's annual core consumer inflation slowed for a second straight month in September, adding to scepticism among economists that goal is within reach.
Moreover, the UTokyo Daily Price Index, a gauge maintained by economists at the University of Tokyo that tracks point-of-sales data for as many as 200,000 food items and daily necessities, has trended downwards after a spike in spring linked to a hike in the sales tax. That means that the falling prices people see every day reinforce the kind of "deflation mindset" that Kuroda hopes to break.
Kaoru Sakai, 65, who runs a hair salon in Tokyo's Nakano district, did not raise prices even after the national sales tax was raised to 8 per cent to 5 per cent in April, worried the sticker shock could scare away business.
"The fact is that people don't feel confident about the future," Sakai said. "Our society and economy has tilted people towards lower-end options. For example, it's like people choosing to eat at fast-food places, or standing-only soba shops even when they could, realistically, eat at proper restaurants."
Unless Japanese people see real progress in solving fundamental problems, such as lack of wage growth, a shrinking manufacturing base, and an unsustainable welfare system, many might prefer the problem they know to the one Kuroda hopes will replace it.
Classical economics would argue that consumers should welcome deflation, because it increases their purchasing power, an argument some consumers echo.
"Deflation reflects the underlying economy. Our population is decreasing, production is low and we're not seeing innovation. We are losing power compared with other countries," said Yohei Tanaka, 33, an accountant in Tokyo, who said his salary has not risen since Abe took office in December 2012.
"I don't think this is the time to drive the economy to inflation. I don't think inflation is the end solution. Deflation, in a certain way, is good."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Companies find it tough to repay debtStory
Life after Debt
Dipak Mondal      Follow @dipdown80 Delhi   Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Suzlon Energy Ltd, a maker of wind turbines, was once a rising star on the corporate horizon. On December 31, 2007, its stock traded at Rs 387 (adjusted price) while its market cap was nearly Rs 50,000 crore. On October 13, 2014, its stock closed at Rs 12.98, down 97 per cent, with market cap at a paltry Rs 4,000 crore.
What accounts for this stunning reversal of fortune Suzlon borrowed heavily to fund the acquisition of German wind power company REpower Systems (now called Senvion). Its consolidated debt jumped from Rs 450 crore on March 31, 2006, to Rs 5,162 crore a year later, interest cost rising from Rs 65 crore to Rs 276 crore during the same period. Then came the 2008 downturn and demand shrank. (The acquisition was completed in 2011.) With the company defaulting on its loan repayments, its share price tanked. It has since undergone a debt restructuring programme and sold some of its assets, but at the end of 2013/14, its debt still stood at Rs 10,153.35 crore with interest cost of around Rs 1,221 crore, while it incurred operating losses of Rs 167 crore.
Suzlon is not alone, but part of a pattern. In the mid-2000s, with the Indian economy galloping ahead, many companies embarked on ambitious capacity expansion ventures, including overseas acquisitions, largely funded by debt. But with the downturn, the global economy went into a slide and the domestic economy too followed suit after 2010, totally upsetting their business plans. Increasing difficulties in acquiring land for projects and getting environmental clearances compounded their problems.
Worst affected were companies in sectors such as capital goods, infrastructure, construction, power, and metals, which have long working capital cycles and gestation periods for projects. Falling revenue and profit affected their capacity to service debt. Reliance Communications, GMR Infrastructure, GVK Power and Infrastructure, and Hindustan Construction are among the big names that like Suzlon, saw their debts mounting and revenues falling.
"Several companies had gone in for capex, which they could not execute and which left them saddled with debt," says Mahantesh Sabarad, Deputy Head of Research, Institutional Equity, SBI Capital Securities.
"To make matters worse, they could not raise funds due to non-conducive equity markets. The external commercial borrowing route was also closed for many after S&P and Fitch downgraded India's sovereign ratings to negative in 2012."
Extent of Debt
How bad is the problem for Indian industry as a whole and how is it coping? To get an overall estimate, Business Today looked at 361 of the companies in the BT 500 list - excluding the banking and finance companies, those which had not published their sheets after March 2013 and those whose data was not available for the current fiscal year. The aggregate standalone debt of these 361 companies has risen from Rs 7.7 lakh crore in end-March 2011 to Rs 12 lakh crore in end-March 2014. The debt grew by 20 per cent in 2011/12, 13.5 per cent in 2012/13 and 15 per cent the following year - a compound annual growth rate of 16.2 per cent.
The figures confirm that companies in the capital goods, metals and infrastructure sectors have been hit the hardest, along with those in drugs and pharmaceuticals. The capital goods sector has seen debt grow at a CAGR of 23 per cent in the last three years. In 2013/14, debt levels increased 17 per cent over the previous year, from Rs 18,500 crore to Rs 21,500 crore. Debt in the metals' sector rose 19.7 per cent in the last three years; in the infrastructure sector by 12.7 per cent. Infrastructure companies' debt increased by 14 per cent in 2013/14, from Rs 35,000 crore to Rs 40,000 crore.
A standalone debt figure, however, does not necessarily indicate that a company is in trouble. "In a growing economy, companies go for borrowings when they need working capital," says Vivek Gupta, Partner, BMR Advisors.
"The debt level, in itself, does not establish that a company is over-leveraged. One has to look at indicators such as debt-equity ratio, interest coverage ratio, etc."
Debt-equity ratio gives the proportion of a company's assets funded by debt to that provided by shareholders. A high debt equity ratio - the danger mark varies depending on the sector - is considered unhealthy as it shows a company is over dependent on debt for its operations.
Capital intensive sectors such as infrastructure and capital goods usually have a debt-equity ratio above two, while for companies in software, the figure ought to be much less, below 0.5.
Interest coverage ratio is the company's operating profit divided by its interest cost. The ideal figure once again depends on the sector, but the lower this is, the more a company is shackled by its debt. An interest coverage ratio below one means the company's operating profit is not even enough to meet its interest cost, while a negative figure shows the company is making operating losses.
'A number of companies have gone in for qualified institutional placements. This has increased their equity component, thereby bringing down the debt-equity ratio,' says Neelesh Surana, Head of Equity, Mirae Asset Mutual Fund.
So how do the 361 companies fare on these two parameters?
A dozen among these companies appear very precariously poised indeed. At the end of 2013/14, they had debts of more than Rs 1,000 crore, debt-equity ratios of more than three and interest coverage ratios of less than 1.5. Many in the list are high profile companies: Adani Power, Asahi India Glass, Hindustan Construction, Bombay Dyeing, Ranbaxy Laboratories , Jaiprakash Power Ventures, etc. There were 40 companies with interest coverage ratios of less than one, up from 24 such in 2011/12. The main reason is projects coming to a halt in the power and infrastructure sectors.
Broadly, companies are using two ways to tackle debt. "A number of them have gone in for qualified institutional placements (QIPs). This has increased their equity component, thereby bringing down the debt-equity ratio," says Neelesh Surana, Head of Equity, Mirae Asset Mutual Fund. Indeed, the median debt-equity ratio, which was 0.42 in March 2009, steadied at around 0.35 during the next four years. In 2013/14, it went down further to 0.28.
According to Prime Database, India Inc raised more than Rs 2,000 crore through QIPs in 2012/13 and 2013/14. Fundraising through QIPs has seen a significant jump this year with Rs 20,171 crore already raised so far. Among the companies taking this route is Reliance Communications, which raised Rs 4,808 crore through QIPs this year.
Only a small number is still not out of the woods in this respect - of the 361 companies, there were 12 with a debt-equity ratio of more than three in 2012/13, which fell to seven companies in 2013/14. They included Suzlon, Adani Powe r , Jaiprakash Power Ventures, HCC, Simplex Infrastructure and Bombay Dyeing. Eighteen companies had a debt equity ratio above two in 2012/13, which rose to 22 companies in 2013/14.
The other means of reducing debt is selling off assets. A Crisil report of July 2014 said 21 companies had announced 36 deals in the past 18 months to divest assets and sell equity to strategic partners which would raise Rs 80,000 crore - nearly a fifth of their total debt. Not surprisingly, 62 per cent of the assets sold will be by companies in the infrastructure sector. The report also estimates that another Rs 60,000 crore will be similarly raised in 2014/15.
These measures have started yielding results. CRISIL's credit ratio (ratio of number of companies showing credit quality improvement to deterioration) was 1.64 times for the first half of 2014/15 with 741 upgrades as compared to 451 downgrades. However, the ratio of the size of debt of upgraded firms to that of those downgraded (excluding financial sector players) was 0.59 times during the same period, showing persistent high debt levels.
"Companies with stretched balance sheets are being forced by lenders to de-leverage either through raising fresh equity or sale of assets," says S. Krishna Kumar, Head of Equity, Sundaram Mutual. "Operational assets attract buyers even in a weak environment as long as the cash flows are certain."
The new government has also stimulated the market and there is talk of many fresh equity issues over the coming year, amounting to Rs 70,000 crore to Rs 1,00,000 crore. This too will help companies raise funds and lighten their debt burden.
"We expect more activity in terms of fundraising and asset sales in the next 12 months," says Gupta of BMR Advisors. "More asset sale deals would be executed and more companies would be coming up with equity issues. We can also see M&A activities picking up."

Sensex Struggles After Hitting New Life Highs  Midcaps OutperformYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Struggle After Hitting Life Highs
NDTV | Updated On: November 03, 2014 13:04 (IST)
India Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
Indian markets struggled to hold on to their early gains which saw them setting fresh highs for the third straight day. The Sensex rose nearly 100 points in early trade, setting a new high of 27,969. Nifty rose to 8,350 to its day's high.
Putting pressure on the Sensex was auto stocks which came under selling pressure after disappointing October sales from many automakers. Hero MotoCorp, M&M, Bajaj Auto and Maruti were down between 1-2 per cent.
Some buying was seen in banking stocks, with SBI, Bank of Baroda and Axis Bank rising over 1 per cent.
Renewed buying from foreign institutional investors, announcement of reform measures and a rally in global markets have seen Indian markets rally in nine out of 10 previous sessions.
On Friday, the announcement of the surprise stimulus measures from Bank of Japan saw Sensex and Nifty rally nearly 2 per cent. It also triggered a rally in global markets on Friday. Besides that Indian markets saw foreign institutional investors buying nearly Rs 1,750 crore worth of domestic equities on Friday.
Gautam Shah, senior vice president at JM Financial Services, says the momentum is in favour of the bulls and Nifty could touch 8,450 in the immediate run. "The technical set-ups of the market at this point don't point out the market losing ground immediately," he adds. Mr Shah has a Nifty target of 8600 for the year-end.
Asian markets were mixed today with after data showed China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October as a cooling property sector weighed on demand, a survey showed on Monday, adding to signs of fragility in the world's second-largest economy.
The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 53.8 in October from September's 54.0, which was the weakest reading since January, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
At 12:57 pm, the Sensex was down 16 points to 27,849 while Nifty fell 7 points to 8,314.
(With Agency Inputs)

Opto Circuits rallies over 17% on heavy volumesOpto Circuits rallies over 18% on heavy volumes
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 01.11PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Opto Circuits specializes…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Opto Circuits have moved higher for third consecutive session on increased volumes. It has rallied over 18 per cent intraday as sentiment turned bullish after the company recently approved proposal to hike FII limit.
The company approved increasing FII limit to 60 per cent from 49 per cent after market hours on 22 October 2014.
Opto Circuits specializes in developing and manufacturing technologically-advanced medical equipment and devices for modern healthcare practices.
Over 19.39 lakh shares were traded in the counter against two-week average of 5.49 lakh shares.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ONGC to drill 103 wells in Cambay basin inGujaratExploratory drilling is a temporary activity and the company will be temporarily acquiring land (150 meter X 150 meter) for each well drilling.
Written by Avinash Nair | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 3, 2014 2:07 pm
The Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited (ONGC) will be drilling a phenomenal 100-plus exploratory wells in the Cambay Basin in Gujarat which seems to have suddenly become an epicenter of oil & gas discoveries.
The company recently received environment clearance from the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) to drill 103 wells in 30 blocks in Mehsana and Patan districts which are the upper reaches of the Cambay basin. The company will be spending over Rs 670 crore for drilling these wells that will have a depth varying between 1000-3500 meters.
These 30 blocks are spread over an 1,116 square kilometers. Interestingly, the proposed area for drilling these wells is known to have hydrocarbon reserves. About 1,500 wells have already been drilled in the proposed area and the oil production is approximately 40,000 MTPD (Metric Tonnes Per Day).
According to officials of the company, ONGC plans to drill these 100-odd exploratory wells in the next five years. “Easy oil in the Cambay basin is over. Most of the oil in the basin is tertiary oil which lies deep or is difficult to extract. However, we are continuing to find more zones and explore in new areas that may have hydrocarbon reserves that can be commercially viable. The technological advancement in drilling is helping us find new reserves,” said a senior official of ONGC.
Exploratory drilling is a temporary activity and the company will be temporarily acquiring land (150 meter X 150 meter) for each well drilling.
The wells will be drilled in blocks near Kadi, Linch, Nandasan, Sobhasan, Mehsana, Mansa, Langhnaj, Jotana, Charada, Sangapur, Jakasana and Patan.
Hydrocarbon exploration in Cambay Basin goes back to 1958 when ONGC drilled its first exploratory well on Lunej structure near Cambay. This turned out to be a discovery well, which produced oil and gas. The discovery of oil in Ankleshwar structure in 1960 gave further boost to the exploration in the Cambay Basin.
So far, ONGC has drilled more than 7000 wells in Cambay basin since inception, from around 94 established (small, medium and big) oil and gas fields. These efforts have led to a total of 117 hydrocarbon discoveries from this basin till date, officials added.
In spite of the dipping hydrocarbon reserves in Cambay, oil companies including ONGC have continue to strike oil.
Recently, a New Delhi, based firm, Jay Polychem (India) Pvt Ltd made an oil discovery that is touted as the biggest onland find this year. In the last few years, companies like Reliance Industries, GSPC, Hindustan Oil Exploration Company, Niko Resources, Jubliant Oil & Gas Pvt Ltd, Cairn Energy India, Pty, Ltd, Essar Oil and others have made new oil discoveries in the Cambay basin.
This basin has been the most productive for ONGC in terms of oil continued…

Coal India output in Oct at 40.2 mtHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Coal India output in Oct at 40.2 mt
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
State-owned CIL produced 40.20 million tonnes (mt) of coal in October, beating its target of 39.74 mt for the month.
However, the company missed its output target of 259.85 mt for the first seven months of the current fiscal, producing 250.96 mt of coal.
However, no reasons were given by Coal India Ltd (CIL) for missing the target for the April-October period.
The company’s offtake in October stood at 39.11 mt, against the target of 40.94 mt, the company said in a filing to BSE.
Coal India had missed its output target for the fifth consecutive month producing 34.88 mt of coal in September against the targeted 36.17 mt.
In August, the output was 34.54 mt against the target of 35.13 mt. In July it achieved a production of 33.01 mt (35.86) and in June it was 34.54 mt (36.84). In May, the output was 36.27 mt against target of 38.46 mt.
Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal had earlier asked Coal India to ramp up production from its existing mines.
CIL, which accounts for 80 per cent of domestic coal production, missed its output target of 482 million tonnes for 2013-14, producing 462 million tonnes during the period.
Production fell short of target because of various reasons, including lack of environment clearance to coal mining projects.
In 2012-13, the company produced 452.5 million tonnes of coal, falling short of the 464 mt target.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Hero MotoCorp sales down 8.05% in OctHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hero MotoCorp sales down 8.05% in Oct
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
The country’s largest two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp today reported a 8.05 per cent decline in sales at 5,75,056 units in October.
The company had sold 6,25,420 two-wheeler units in October 2013, Hero MotoCorp Ltd (HMCL) said in a statement.
Over a million two-wheelers were sold during the recently concluded festival period.
“HMCL retailed more than one million (10 lakh) two-wheelers during the 37-day festive period, which started on September 25 and lasted until October 31, 2014,” the company said.
It added that new launches, including ZMR, Splendor iSmart, Splendor Pro Classic and Passion, have been driving the volume across the segment.
Last month, the company had inaugurated a manufacturing plant at Neemrana in Rajasthan.
“The company has lined up a total investment of Rs 5,000 crore across the globe, including manufacturing plants in Columbia and Bangladesh.
“New plants are also coming up at Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh and Hero Global Centre for research and design at Kukas in Rajasthan,” it said.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Bank of India Q2 net up 26.4% at Rs 786 crBank of India Q2 net up 26.4% at Rs 786 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
State-run Bank of India (BoI) today reported 26.41 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 786 crore for the second quarter ended September 30.
The bank had reported a net profit of Rs 621.77 crore in the July-September quarter of 2013-14 fiscal.
Interest income rose to Rs 11,093 crore during the quarter, up 20 per cent, from Rs 9,239 crore in the year-ago period, BoI said in a filing to the BSE.
Gross non-performing assets (NPAs) as a percentage of total advances stood at 3.54 per cent against 2.93 per cent in the same quarter of 2013-14. Net NPAs stood at 2.32 per cent at the end of September 2014.
During the quarter, the bank’s provisioning declined to Rs 953 crore from Rs 1,232 crore in the year-ago period. Total income of the bank increased to Rs 12,099.45 crore (Rs 10,339.55 crore).
Shares of BoI were trading 0.44 per cent up at Rs 286.65 per scrip during the afternoon session on the BSE.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

HSBC profits miss analysts forecastsLast updated: November 3, 2014 10:43 am
HSBC sets aside $1.6bn as it misses forecasts for third quarter
Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c02b9bce-6333-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti launches new Alto K10 at a starting price of Rs 3.06 lakh | In PicsMaruti launches new Alto K10 at a starting price of Rs 3.06 lakh
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 3 Nov, 2014, 02.37PM IST
The new Alto K10 sports a completely new look. The interiors of the new K10 have seen a dramatic transformation as well. The dashboard is all new.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Maruti Suzuki India, country's largest carmaker on Monday launched a new version of its Alto K10 hatchback. The new Alto K10 has been priced between Rs 3.06 lakh to Rs 3.82 lakh.
The new version of the hatchback will come in six versions; Rs 3.06 lakh for LX, Rs 3.22 lakh for LXi, Rs 3.38 lakh for VXi, Rs 3.57 lakh for VXi (O), Rs 3.8 lakh for VXi Automatic and Rs 3.82 lakh for LXi CNG.
"The new Alto K10 sports a completely new look. It still shares it doors and roof with the 800 version but the rest of the panels - the bonnet, the front fenders, the tail gate and even the bumpers are unique to the K10. It has larger, more contemporary looking head lamps; a more aggressive air dam design; and it sits on larger 13 inch wheels," said Zigwheels.com in a review.
"The interiors of the new K10 have seen a dramatic transformation as well. The dashboard is all new. And its dual tone finish, the gloss black centre console and the matte silver highlights almost everywhere like on the steering, the audio buttons, door handles and even the armrest, give it both an airier and richer feel. The design looks appealing too," the review added.
While the petrol version delivers a mileage of 24.07 km per litre, the CNG variant will have a fuel economy of 32.26 km per kg.
"Alto K10 is the third Maruti Suzuki car within few weeks where our suppliers and engineers have improved the fuel efficiency substantially," Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) Managing Director and CEO Kenichi Ayukawa said.
Maruti is positioning the new car as a mass market product equipped with 'futuristic technology' to cater to "very demanding, value for money conscious customers".
It has been developed at a cost of Rs 200 crore on the existing platform of the model by its engineers along with counterparts at parent Suzuki Motor Corp in Japan.
After the Celerio, the Alto K10 will be the second model to be equipped with auto gear shift (ASG) feature.
The new Alto K10 is coming at a time when MSI's sales in the mini segment comprising Alto and WagonR witnessed 1.3 per cent decline in the April-September period this fiscal at 2,01,721 units as against 2,04,335 units in the year-ago period. In September 2014 it stood at 35,547 units as against 41,061 in the same month last year, down 13.4 per cent.
Launched in 2010, the Alto K10 has clocked cumulative sales of 4.3 lakh units in four years. The Alto brand overall, including the Alto 800, has sold 26 lakh units in 14 years since launch.
(With inputs from PTI)

Sensex on track for 30 000 levels; banks  autos & FMCG to lead rallyYou are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
Sensex on track to hit 30,000 levels soon; banks, autos, FMCG to lead rally
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 02.37PM IST
Tags:
Angel Broking
("Sensex momentum is likely…)
The Sensex movement will depend on earnings growth going forward. Attributing a 16.5x multiple to our FY2016E Sensex EPS, we have arrived at a target of 30,393 for the Sensex in the next 12 months, says Dinesh Thakkar, CMD at Angel Broking, in an exclusive interview Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com. Excerpts:
Q) The Indian markets managed to hit fresh record highs in October itself. Do you think the momentum is likely to continue? And, if yes, what is your target for the Sensex and the Nifty for December-end and for next the 12 months?
We believe that the Sensex momentum is likely to continue due to strong earnings growth going forward. Overall, we expect the Sensex EPS to report a growth of 15.8 per cent in FY2015 and 19.5 per cent in FY2016 with an upward bias.
Attributing a 16.5x multiple to our FY2016E Sensex EPS, we have arrived at a target of 30,393 for the Sensex, implying an upside of 10 per cent from the present levels with a 12-month horizon.
Q) The US Federal Reserve might have done away with the QE, but Europe and Japan might be in line to begin their own rounds of quantitative easing. Do you think India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue? If yes, then why?
Japan has already done quantitative easing and Europe is also expected to do it. We believe that India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue owing to India's strongest prospects structurally, especially with Modi as the leader, to attract higher share of global portfolio flows.
Q) What is going on with the rupee? The Indian currency near its two-week low on the back of strong dollar. Where do you see the currency headed in the near term?
We expect the Indian currency to be stable in the near term due to strong capital inflows and we also expect gradual depreciation of the rupee by 2-3 per cent in line with our higher inflation target in the longer term.
Q) What do you think will be the next big trigger for the markets? Will it be reforms, interest rate cut or the Budget that will drive the next wave for the markets?
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) have been continuously making efforts to bring down inflation, which is now beginning to yield results. Lower crude oil prices and stable currency have aided in easing of inflationary pressures.
Going forward, we expect inflation to continue trending lower as the RBI's tight policy as well as the government's decision of measured 4-5 per cent hike in minimum support prices, as opposed to average hikes of 10-12 per cent in the last few years, would aid in lowering the food and overall inflation.
As inflation reaches the RBI's comfort levels of 6 per cent, we expect rising financial savings and declining interest rates, which would also act as a catalyst for the investment cycle.
The government has so far shown focus on reviving the economy sticking to a fiscal consolidation and pro-economic agenda and attracting foreign investments into key sectors such as infrastructure, manufacturing, etc.
By the next budget, we expect this process to gather steam as the government gears up to roll out more and more concrete steps for reviving the economy.
Amongst key action areas, we expect the government to bring about measures relating to infrastructure and land acquisition, reducing roadblocks to FDI, simplify project clearances and comprehensively work towards re-organizing the beleaguered mining sector.
 
Q) The Indian economy is already showing signs of recovery, inflation is falling and the government has already pushed some big bang reforms and more are in the offing. Keeping all that in mind, where do you see the FII investment in equities for this fiscal?
Considering the fact that the Indian economy bounces back, inflation falls and continuous government efforts for reforms and policy certainly lift sentiment, we believe that FIIs are likely to pump more money in India.
Q) Which are the sectors to bet on as the markets will hit record high? And the sectors where one should book some profits or go underweight on?
We are positive on banking stocks as they are among the best plays on the overall economic revival story. In this space we like both private and PSU banks as inflation is likely to come down going forward and this would be followed by lower interest rates. Lower interest rates are expected to act as a positive catalyst for the economy in general and the banking sector in specific.
We also prefer stocks in the automobile and auto ancillary space owing to recovery in sales volumes. Further, we are positive on cement stocks as well, on expectations of a revival in GDP growth and more specifically, a pick-up in infrastructure and construction activity. We particularly like smaller regional cement players as their valuations still look compelling.

Market in red; Lanco Infratech surges 13%  Unitech up 12% | Sensex @ 54 000: BofA-MLJyotivardhan Jaipuria
(We are bullish on the market…)
In a chat with ET Now, Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, shares his views on the market as well as the earnings growth. Excerpts:
ET Now: We are very close to the opening. Are you bullish on the markets at the current levels? Do you think 8500 comes in first or do you believe there will be a correction?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: We are bullish on the market for the next few years. In fact, our view is that the markets will double over the next four years. In between that, of course, we will get a lot of corrections. We will keep having these minor dips, but every dip is like an opportunity to buy in this market.
ET Now: I was reading your India equity strategy report as of October 21st. I do not think too much would have changed since then. Your report suggested that India is a consensus overweight amongst the EMs, probably one of the favourites as well. What does this take a 12-month rolling target for your house and how soon could we actually hit that target considering the kind of space that we have exhibited in the strength over the last few days?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Yes, most people are overweight India. Most people have played India for the last one year. In fact, even the aggregate data shows that emerging market funds are on an average overweight India by 400 bps. So versus the index of around 7%, they have 11% in India.
Most people think that India is the place to be over the next one year, over the next four years. There is a general agreement with a bullish view that the earnings could go up and double over the next four years probably and the markets may follow suit.
ET Now: Do you see the earnings revival coming in soon?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: We think earnings will double over the next four years because of two factors. One is macro and the other is micro.
In macro, if you see, corporate profits as a percentage of GDP are the lowest in 10 years. So, typically that will start to pick up from these levels.
Second, if you look at the micro, then corporate margins are the lowest in the last 18 years. So from these levels it is likely that these margins will again revert to mean. If they revert to mean over the next four years, we probably are going to see the earnings double.
So, probably, you are heading for another strong spell of earnings growth now.
ET Now: Part of the market is already pricing in a rate cut ahead of the rest of analyst expectations from the market or the RBI in fact. What is the sense that you are getting? Do you think the move in the Bank Nifty and the way the entire banking pack and the market is moving could also run a little bit into a risk because the market seems to be moving ahead of the fundamentals right now purely in terms of a rate expectation cut from the RBI?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Yes, we actually have been more optimistic on the rate cut than most of the consensus.
Our view is that the rate would cut in the early part of next year. So February is where we have a first rate cut built in, which is like ahead of what the street was expecting. The view was essentially linked to inflation. Like, if we see Indian inflation, it has a good correlation with the global commodity prices. Global commodity prices are coming down. So the chances are that the inflation will keep surprising on the downside.
The RBI has this 6% target for FY16 and at least for this year, we will probably see the inflation coming in below 6% before the end of this calendar year. So to that extent, the pressure will be on the RBI. They may choose to delay the rate cuts a bit. But if you see the G-Sec market, it is already building in a rate cut coming in. So if you see, some banks have already started cutting rates. To that extent, the interest rate cycle is headed down. Now, it has become a question of when does the RBI cut.
  ET Now: Is that the principle reason for the bullishness on the auto pack?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Over the last four-five years, sectors like pharma and software have play out very well. Our view is that we are now at a stage where we are going to start having the sector rotation come through.
There are two reasons why we are bullish on the auto pack. One, we think that the GDP growth is close to bottoming out. So probably, FY16 will be stronger than FY15, and FY17 will be stronger than FY16. So you have a GDP which after four-five years of downtrend is really going to go on uptrend.
Second is the interest rate. Basically you have seen 300 bps increases in interest rates in the last five years. The next few years will see interest rates getting cut. Autos is probably one of the best things we have been playing because when we do our cycle analysis, autos is the first one to start doing well when this sort of scenario builds up.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swiss Manufacturing Output Rises in OctoberSwiss Manufacturing Output Rises in October
Bajaj Auto sales fall 3 per cent in OctoberBajaj Auto sales fall 3 per cent in October
Partnership with Africa an integral part of India s foreign policy  assures SushmaPartnership with Africa an integral part of India s foreign policy  assures Sushma
Delhi: BJP may bat for fresh polls  L-G Jung to meet all parties on govt formationDelhi: BJP may bat for fresh polls  L-G Jung to meet all parties on govt formation
Coal India Meets October Production TargetCoal India Meets October Production Target
Politicos condemn blast on Pak side of Wagah borderPoliticos condemn blast on Pak side of Wagah border
Bharti SoftBank buys 36.5% stake in curated digital media platform ScoopWhoopBharti SoftBank buys 36.5% stake in curated digital media platform ScoopWhoop
Oil India  ONGC top bets in oil and gas sector: Gaurav MehtaOil India  ONGC top bets in oil and gas sector: Gaurav Mehta
Navy to commemorate Rajendra Cholas 1000th-year of coronationNavy to commemorate Rajendra Chola’s 1000th-year of coronation
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Nov 3:  
Indian Navy is gearing up to commemorate the 1000th anniversary of the coronation of ancient Tamil King Rajendra Chola, who is credited with expanding his empire across the seas to South-East Asia and to the North up to the Ganges with his navy.
“Indian Navy has decided to commemorate the 1000th year of King Rajendra Chola’s coronation with a series of activities. We are joining hands with the National Maritime Foundation and the Tamil Nadu government for the celebration,” Commodore Amar K Mahadevan, Naval Officer In-charge (Tamil Nadu and Puducherry) said.
As part of the celebrations, INS Sudarshini, a sailing and training ship of the Indian Navy, is being brought to Chennai tomorrow and its journey to Nagapattinam, believed to be one of the naval base of Rajendra Chola’s navy, would be part of the celebration.
“It is to be noted that INS Sudarshini is now on its voyage around the world or circumnavigation and is on its way back to Kochi. It is only fitting that a circumnavigating ship is being involved in the celebrations of a king, whose navy has gone beyond boundaries even in those ancient times,” he said.
Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah would flag off the ship from the Chennai Port Trust premises to Nagapattinam tomorrow, which will symbolize the achievements of the Chola Navy, whose ships have sailed and conquered lands in South-East Asia, which is present day Java, Sumatra and Malay Peninsula.
Boats belonging to Tamil Nadu Sailing Association and Royal Madras Yacht Club would escort INS Sudarshini out of Chennai harbour, while the local elite and dignitaries would welcome her on her calling the Nagapattinam port.
“We are planning to take 30 Navy and NCC cadets on board the ship weather permitting”, he said.
The Navy is planning a series of events, including seminars and expo, whose schedule would be announced later.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

EMC ties up with 27 engineering colleges in PuneEMC ties up with 27 engineering colleges in Pune
Alka Kshirsagar
Tweet
Pune, Nov 3:  
EMC has tied up with 27 engineering colleges in Pune to help prepare students for careers in the field of information storage and management.
Through its Academic Alliance initiative, EMC will offer students ‘open’ curriculum-based education on topics like cloud computing, big data analytics and information storage and management, a statement said.
The rapid growth in digital information is spurring the demand for trained software storage professionals.
As per an EMC Zinnov study, private cloud alone in India is expected to create 1 lakh jobs by 2015 from 10,000 in 2011 and the demand is unlikely to be met.
The EMC Academic Alliance initiative aims to bridge the skill-gap in a rapidly changing IT environment and prepare students for better employability. Over 120,000 students have been educated till date under it.
Krishna Kant, Head, EMC Academic Alliance - South Asia & Russia, said, “The key issue for the sector is the lack of adequately trained personnel. At EMC, it has been our endeavour globally to create an industry-ready talent pool and help students gain an edge in an extremely competitive and ever-changing IT environment. Our alliance with the engineering colleges in Pune is in line with our endeavour and testament to our commitment to the local market.”
The colleges associated with this alliance include Sinhgad College of Engineering, MIT College of Engineering, Sinhgad Institute of Technology and Science, D.Y.Patil Institute of Engineering & Technology and Maharashtra Institute of Technology.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

German manufacturing sector rebounds in OctoberGerman manufacturing sector rebounds in October
Reuters
Tweet
BERLIN, Nov 3:  
German factory activity rebounded in October after shrinking slightly in September for the first time in over a year, although there are signs of weak domestic demand in Europe's largest economy, a survey showed on Monday.
Markit's Purchasing Manager's Index (PMI) for the manufacturing sector, which accounts for about a fifth of the economy, climbed to 51.4 from 49.9 in September, bouncing back above the 50 mark that denotes growth. The final figure was slightly below the flash reading of 51.8.
Output growth accelerated in October and firms added the most staff in nearly three years.
But the survey also showed new business falling for a second month, albeit very slightly, as Russian sanctions and a general economic slowdown weighed on demand, Markit economist Oliver Kolodseike said.
"Worryingly, the drop in new work was driven by weakening domestic demand."
"Overall, the data send mixed signals about the health of Germany's manufacturing sector and it is too early to say whether the sector will be able to sustain growth in the fourth quarter," he added.
New export contracts rose very slightly. Input prices fell at their sharpest rate in six months, driven down by lower crude oil and raw material costs, while output prices increased only marginally, suggesting inflationary pressures are limited.
The German economy had a strong start to 2014 but contracted in the second quarter. Fears about a recession are rife, partly due to euro zone weakness and a depressed investment climate caused by political crises abroad. Third-quarter gross domestic product figures are due out on Nov. 14.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

China develops new laser system for shooting down dronesChina develops new laser system for shooting down drones
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Nov 3:  
China has developed a highly accurate home-made laser defence weapon system capable of shooting down small-scale drones flying at a low attitude.
Characterised by its speed, precision and low noise, the system is designed to destroy unmanned, small-scale drones flying within an altitude of 500 metres and at a speed below 50m/s, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
It is also expected at the same time to play a key role in ensuring security during major events in urban areas and address unlicensed mapping activities, the agency reported.
The weapon is able to shoot down small aircraft within a two-kilometre radius and can do so in five seconds after locating its target, said a statement released by the China Academy of Engineering Physics, one of the system’s co-developers.
“Intercepting such drones is usually the work of snipers and helicopters, but their success rate is not as high and mistakes with accuracy can result in unwanted damage,” Yi Jinsong, a manager with China Jiuyuan Hi-Tech Equipment Corp, said.
According to Xi, small-scale, unmanned drones were relatively cheap and easy to use, making them a likely choice for terrorists.
The new laser system, which will either be installed or transported in vehicles, will keep a tight vigil on security for domestic political meetings, international conferences and sports events, looking to prevent public protests as well as any threats to the participants.
Adding that, they said a recent test saw the machine successfully shoot down more than 30 drones — a 100 per cent success rate.
The academy further is developing similar laser security systems with greater power and range, they said.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Sensex trading flat; consumer durables  auto stocks skidSensex ends flat after hitting record high
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
The Sensex and the Nifty snapped their four-day winning spree and ended near flat due to emergence of fresh selling in consumer durables and auto stocks amid weak European cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended at 27,860.38, down 5.45 points and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended at 8,324.15, up 1.95 points.
Among BSE sectoral indices, consumer durables stocks fell the most by 1.48 per cent, followed by auto 0.88 per cent, PSU 0.23 per cent and oil & gas 0.21 per cent. On the other hand, realty index was the star-performer and was up 3.61 per cent, followed by banking 0.46 per cent, healthcare 0.37 per cent and capital goods 0.29 per cent.
SSLT, Axis Bank, HDFC, ICICI Bank and Infosys were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while the top five losers were GAIL, M&M, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp and Maruti.
Indian shares hit a third consecutive record high on Monday but the gains fizzled out later in the session, with both indexes ending flat as automakers such as Tata Motors declined after the monthly sales fell.
Earlier in the session, the sentiment had been supported by a continued rally in lenders such as ICICI Bank due to expectations that the Reserve Bank of India would cut interest rates as early as its next policy reviews in December or February.
Airlines stock surges
Shares of airline companies surged as state-run oil marketing companies slashed jet fuel prices, according to local media reports.
Fuel charges contribute to nearly one-third of an airline's operational expenses - analyst with a local brokerage said.
Jet Airways Ltd was up 3.53 per cent and SpiceJet gained 6.75 per cent.
Auto stocks skid
Shares of auto companies fell after the October sales numbers were below some analysts' estimates.
Hero MotoCorp fell 1.66 per cent and Mahindra and Mahindra was down 2.67 per cent. Maruti Suzuki India Ltd was down 1.58 per cent, while Tata Motors was down 0.84 per cent.
Maruti reported a 1.1 per cent fall in October sales, while Mahindra reported a 15 per cent fall in sales.
According to Kotak Securities, auto manufacturers reported weak despatches in October. "We believe automobile growth is likely to moderate to low-single digits over the next few months,'' it said.
A report by Equentis Capital said: "India’s economy is expected to continue its growth story intact in long-term. Liberalisation of Indian economy could open opportunities in service, infrastructure and manufacturing sectors. Positive efforts by the government in direction to make India as a better investment destination is clearly visible trying to keep foreign money in the country. Earlier growth-oriented tie-ups with other Asian and global countries by the government will surely help India to achieve better than expected economical growth in coming years."
Markets closed
Trading will be truncated this week as the stock market will remain closed tomorrow, November 4, on account of Muharram. Also, there will be no trading on Thursday on account of Gurunanak Jayanti.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth Rs 1,754.73 crore last Friday.
European shares
European stocks were down, after this year’s biggest weekly rally, as investors weighed an increase in mergers and acquisitions activity.
Stoxx 50 was down 7.43 points or 0.24 per cent at 3,105.89 and FTSE 100 was down 8.47 points or 0.13 per cent at 6,538.
Asian stocks slipped from a one-month high after gauges of China’s manufacturing and services industries showed signs of a broadening slowdown in the world’s second-largest economy.
On the macro front, disappointing surveys out of China's manufacturing and services sectors will weigh on investor sentiment.
Data showed China's economy lost further momentum heading into the fourth quarter as a cooling property market weighed on activity and export demand softened. However, a fresh dip in the euro against the dollar was set to reassure investors about the profit outlook for European exporters.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

HSBC profits miss analysts forecastsLast updated: November 3, 2014 10:43 am
HSBC sets aside $1.6bn as it misses forecasts for third quarter
Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c02b9bce-6333-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal block auctions likely by December  power cos to get priorityCoal block auctions likely by December, power cos to get priority
Anupama Airy , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, October 31, 2014
First Published: 23:27 IST(31/10/2014) | Last Updated: 01:34 IST(1/11/2014)
Comments
The coal ministry may commence the auction of coal blocks by early as December this year, highly placed sources in the government told HT. The Cabinet Committee of Economic Affairs (CCEA) is expected to approve the plan soon.
As 79 out of the 214 blocks de-allocated by the Supreme Court relate to the power sector, the move is expected to help power projects with a combined capacity of 40,000 MW, ease chronic power shortages over time and give a fillip to the government’s efforts to revive the economy. Investments of Rs. 2 lakh crore are stuck in these projects.
At present, Indian public and private sector banks have a combined exposure of close to Rs. 5 lakh crore in various coal and gas-based power projects. An early auction of coal blocks will provide fuel linkages to stressed power projects and ease power shortages. A steady and quality supply of power is a necessary pre-condition for growth.
“The decision vests with the CCEA.... as soon as the approvals come, we (ministry of coal) will commence auction of coal blocks, by December this year,” the source told HT.
“Those power projects that don’t get a coal block in the auction will be considered for allocation of coal by Coal India Ltd. CIL will import coal to meet any shortfall in its own production and pool this with a part of domestic production,” he said.
The total installed power capacity of the country is 250,000 MW. Coal-based plants account for 150,000 MW or 60% of this.
Coal shortages have short-circuited India’s power capacity addition plans. Coal production could not keep pace with demand from the power sector: in the last 5 years, demand grew 87%, but coal output grew a mere 15%.
Adding to this low production were Letters of Assurance (LoAs) for coal linkages the coal ministry in the previous regime had issued to power projects. Upto 2010, LoAs were issued for projects equivalent to 108,000 MW, though coal available was sufficient to generate only 60,000 MW, or 65% of the coal requirement if power plants operated at 85% of capacity.
As on date, Coal India has signed Fuel Supply Agreement for about 74,000 MW. That still leaves about 14,500 MW already commissioned or to be commissioned in the 12th Plan, without coal linkages provided.

Techie couple cooks up a storm with eatery chainComments
They chucked up cosy IT jobs at Tata Consultancy Services and Wipro because they kind of missed homely food in Bangalore. And they are now ready to go global with their eatery chain, which has 60 branches spread across four Indian cities.
Pallavi Gupta and Gaurav Jain at Mast Kalandar. (Kashif Masood/HT Photo)
Eight years ago, Pallavi Gupta, 37, and her husband Gaurav Jain, 40, both engineers with MBAs from the Institute of Management Technology, Ghaziabad, set up the first unit of Mast Kalandar not far from their then home at Bangalore’s Bannerghatta Road.
“We then knew the business only as consumers. How to get organised was something we did not know,” recalls Gupta.
The laminated-top tables and hard-back chairs remind you of a college canteen.
Customers place orders at the counter, but are served at the table. The meals are freshly cooked. The name Mast Kalandar — loosely translated as “merry acrobat” — symbolises the casual, happy, homely ambience that the eatery aims for.
“A girl can come alone and eat here. The ambience is relaxed but contemporary — not ethnic,” says Gupta. “This is for someone who uses an iMac or an iPhone but eats dal-chawal.”
Mast Kalandar, which has 800 employees, has 49 branches in Bangalore and the rest in Chennai, Pune and Hyderabad. Springleaf Retail Pvt Ltd, which runs the chain, has raised more than $11 million (Rs 68 crore) in venture funding from Footprint Ventures and Helion Venture Partners and is looking for a fresh round next quarter.
“Now we plan to go to the north, and Bombay will be next year,” Jain says. “We’ve also been thinking global and travelling to Singapore, London, Sydney and Dubai. Indians there don’t like the Indian food available. The price points are not right.”
He expects the first overseas branch in less than two years and 350 to 400 outlets in around four years.
Things have come a long way.
The founder couple recall early days, when hordes of  north Indians like themselves made the southern city their new home – only to notice that apart from rich-food restaurants, there were only the austere Udupi-style “darshinis” that served southern fare like idlis and rice.
At Wipro, where Jain worked, employees would get pizzas on the house. “After 150 pizzas, I asked myself: why can’t we get parathas?” he says. That gave rise to the chain.
They took the plunge after some market research, but the key piece was missing. The big chefs were doing too much “glossy stuff” and thanks to friends, the couple got hold of qualified chef Samta Gupta, who had run a homely eatery in Delhi. Then began a hunt for recipes, ideas and tips from “aunties, uncles and daadis (grandmas)” — with an emphasis on handcrafted and fresh food.
Mast Kalandar has now aggregated various northern Indian cooking genres and targets customers looking for healthy food. It has been profitable from the second month.
Tens of thousands of people from the north hunting for mom-style kitchens are a regular draw — and typically can make 30 to 40 visits every month. And those with monthly salaries in the Rs. 30,000-40,000 range are the target customers —spending an average of Rs. 2,000 a month on the chain. However, with word spreading out, 40 to 45% of customers are locals trying out authentic northern stuff, say the couple.
The restaurants are completely owned by the company, unlike many eatery chains that grow with the help of franchises. The staff enjoys various benefits including company accommodation and interest-free loans.

REVIEW: Airtel s Smart SIM is a good option for those with multiple phonesThe Airtel Smart SIM costs Rs 300
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 1, 2014 9:38 am | Updated: November 1, 2014 10:47 am
One of the pain points of being a tech reviewer is the constant hassle of managing SIM cards that work with the different phones. I try and get over this the old fashioned way, by using multiple SIMs — a nano SIM, a micro SIM and a full SIM. But on last count, I had acquired over five phone numbers in the process.
There is another way out of this problem, a SIM adapter. Earlier this year, I bought myself one on an ecommerce site. This cheap Chinese kit, gives you nano to micro and micro to full SIM adapters, which when used together solve all your problems. However, it is a cheap fix and if you don’t use cello tape to hold the SIM inside the adapter, the SIM will come out inside the phone and damage it.
A Chinese SIM adapter. See the cello tape strips to hold the SIM in place
However, I recently got to use the new Airtel Smart SIM. It is the same thing as the Chinese SIM adapter, but made with better quality and precision. The slots are tight and hold the SIM in place so that it does not fall out while you are inserting or pulling it out of the phone. I initially used the nano SIM while testing the iPhone 6 and converted it into a micro SIM for the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 review. The switch worked perfectly and the SIM stayed in place. I couldn’t use the regular SIM adapter as a phone with the larger slot is hard to find these days.
The Airtel Smart SIM can be purchased for Rs 300 with 1GB data and Rs 100 worth of talk time pre-loaded. While it is a good option for those looking for a new SIM, I suggest people who use multiple phones switch over. For those who are not on an Airtel connection, it might be a good idea to buy one of these number just to use the perfectly crafted adapters.

Kejriwal seeks Modi s intervention for SIT probe into Sikh riotsArvind Kejriwal accused both Congress and BJP of not ensuring justice to victims of Sikh riots. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 1, 2014 6:44 pm
On Saturday, Aam Aadmi Party Chief Arvind Kejriwal  sought Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s intervention in setting up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to probe the 1984 anti-Sikh riots and ensure justice to the victims.
In a letter to Modi, Kejriwal welcomed Centre’s decision to give Rs five lakh each to next of kin of 3,325 victims of the riots but at the same time asked him to implement the erstwhile AAP government’s decision to appoint an SIT to probe the cases.
The former Delhi chief minister said the trauma of losing near and dear ones cannot be compensated by money and the guilty should be punished.
“If four of my family members were killed, then Rs five lakh cannot compensate me. Why they are not ensuring justice? We decided to form SIT. Why the decision has not been implemented,” Kejriwal told PTI.
He accused both Congress and BJP of not ensuring justice to victims of Sikh riots.
“The victims are still hoping for justice even 30 years after the riots. The Congress governments did nothing. BJP government had come but it also did nothing. AAP was the only party which ordered setting up of a SIT within one month of coming to power,” Kejriwal said.
The AAP government had on February 6 recommended to the Lt Governor setting up of an SIT with a time frame of one year to submit its report.
The Delhi Cabinet while approving the modalities had stated that all those cases which were closed or shown untraced, would be reopened, reinvestigated and if the need arises fresh FIRs will be filed.
Subsequently, the Lt Governor had approved the proposal but no notification was issued to set up the probe panel.
The Modi government has decided to give Rs five lakh each to the next of kin of 3,325 victims of the 1984 anti-Sikh riots that followed the assassination of the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards on October 31, 1984.
Of the 3,325 victims, 2,733 were killed in Delhi alone while rest of the victims were from Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and other states.
In 2006, the UPA government led by Manmohan Singh had announced a package of Rs 717 crore which included monetary compensation of Rs 3.5 lakh to the kin of each killed in the riots besides financial assistance to the injured and those who had lost their property.

Flipkart top shopping spot on DiwaliFlipkart top shopping spot on Diwali
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 09:15 IST
Photo: Reuters
E-commerce giant Flipkart emerged as the hot favourite of Diwali shoppers followed by eBay India, HomeShop 18, Amazon India, Snapdeal and Shopclues, according to a survey carried out by brand and customer management company Akosha.
"When it came to Diwali shopping, 39 per cent respondents said that Flipkart was one of their top choices followed by eBay India (23 per cent) and Amazon India (12.21 per cent)," the survey states.
Less than 10 per cent named Snapdeal and Shopclues for Diwali shopping . The survey had a sample size of 2,000 respondents and insights from Akosha's own internal database, the report said.
The survey also focussed on customer experience related to five online shopping portals, including Flipkart , Snapdeal, eBay India, Amazon India and Homeshop 18, the report said.
Akosha survey found that almost 40 per cent consumers spend between Rs 500 and Rs 2,000 for online purchases with more than 20 per cent spending above Rs 5,000. Pricing, customer service and return policy are three major parameters that influence buying decisions of the customers online, Akosha said.
"Both Flipkart and Snapdeal are known to render smooth and seamless checkout and payment facilities. Flipkart also scores on good quality packaging and on time delivery." Flipkart was also ahead in terms of brand recall among consumers.
According to the survey, when it came to buying electronic appliances, consumers preferred Flipkart and eBay India but Amazon India was the top choice for buying books.
Almost 50 per cent of the respondents said that they mostly bought consumer electronics and mobile phones on shopping websites. Snapdeal and Amazon India emerged as brands providing value for money with best deals and attractive prices, as per the survey.

ONGC to drill 103 wells in Cambay basin in GujaratExploratory drilling is a temporary activity and the company will be temporarily acquiring land (150 meter X 150 meter) for each well drilling.
Written by Avinash Nair | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 3, 2014 2:07 pm
The Oil and Natural Gas Corporation Limited (ONGC) will be drilling a phenomenal 100-plus exploratory wells in the Cambay Basin in Gujarat which seems to have suddenly become an epicenter of oil & gas discoveries.
The company recently received environment clearance from the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) to drill 103 wells in 30 blocks in Mehsana and Patan districts which are the upper reaches of the Cambay basin. The company will be spending over Rs 670 crore for drilling these wells that will have a depth varying between 1000-3500 meters.
These 30 blocks are spread over an 1,116 square kilometers. Interestingly, the proposed area for drilling these wells is known to have hydrocarbon reserves. About 1,500 wells have already been drilled in the proposed area and the oil production is approximately 40,000 MTPD (Metric Tonnes Per Day).
According to officials of the company, ONGC plans to drill these 100-odd exploratory wells in the next five years. “Easy oil in the Cambay basin is over. Most of the oil in the basin is tertiary oil which lies deep or is difficult to extract. However, we are continuing to find more zones and explore in new areas that may have hydrocarbon reserves that can be commercially viable. The technological advancement in drilling is helping us find new reserves,” said a senior official of ONGC.
Exploratory drilling is a temporary activity and the company will be temporarily acquiring land (150 meter X 150 meter) for each well drilling.
The wells will be drilled in blocks near Kadi, Linch, Nandasan, Sobhasan, Mehsana, Mansa, Langhnaj, Jotana, Charada, Sangapur, Jakasana and Patan.
Hydrocarbon exploration in Cambay Basin goes back to 1958 when ONGC drilled its first exploratory well on Lunej structure near Cambay. This turned out to be a discovery well, which produced oil and gas. The discovery of oil in Ankleshwar structure in 1960 gave further boost to the exploration in the Cambay Basin.
So far, ONGC has drilled more than 7000 wells in Cambay basin since inception, from around 94 established (small, medium and big) oil and gas fields. These efforts have led to a total of 117 hydrocarbon discoveries from this basin till date, officials added.
In spite of the dipping hydrocarbon reserves in Cambay, oil companies including ONGC have continue to strike oil.
Recently, a New Delhi, based firm, Jay Polychem (India) Pvt Ltd made an oil discovery that is touted as the biggest onland find this year. In the last few years, companies like Reliance Industries, GSPC, Hindustan Oil Exploration Company, Niko Resources, Jubliant Oil & Gas Pvt Ltd, Cairn Energy India, Pty, Ltd, Essar Oil and others have made new oil discoveries in the Cambay basin.
This basin has been the most productive for ONGC in terms of oil continued…

Vasan repeats what his father did toCongressPrint
G K Vasan is son of G K Moopanar
By: Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: November 3, 2014 2:42 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 7:37 pm
History repeated itself for Congress in Tamil Nadu on Monday when its senior leader G K Vasan broke away from the party to float a new outfit, an action his father G K Moopanar resorted to 17 years ago.
Sulking over the Congress decision to forge electoral truck with AIADMK, Moopanar, a veteran and influential leader of Congress, came out of the party and floated the Tamil Manila Congress (TMC) in 1996.
However, after his death, TMC merged with Congress in 2002.
Vasan, who spent 14 years in Congress, today announced that he would float a new party in Tamil Nadu to bring back the “Kamaraj rule”, another revered leader of the state.
“We want to ensure Kamaraj rule in Tamil Nadu”, Vasan said.

Senior leader Vasan quits Congress; to float new party inTNG K Vasan is surrounded by supporters in Chennai after he announced his decision. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Chennai | Posted: November 4, 2014 1:12 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 1:14 am
Former union shipping minister  G K Vasan quit the Congress along with his supporters on Monday and announced the launch of a new political party in Tamil Nadu. The move is identical to the one made by his father, the late G K Moopanar, in 1996, when he left the Congress to form the Tamil Maanila Congress (TMC) a few days before the general elections.
Vasan announced the decision at a media briefing in Chennai on Monday, after meeting district-level functionaries and leaders who he says assured him their support. He said the name and the symbol of the new party would be unveiled in Trichy soon.
In New Delhi, the Congress announced it was expelling Vasan.  Party spokesman Ajoy Kumar said Vasan has been “expelled” with immediate effect for his “inappropriate” statements.
ALSO READ: History repeats itself?
These statements were aimed largely at AICC general secretary in-charge of Tamil Nadu Mukul Wasnik. Wasnik and B S Gnanadesikan, a close aide of Vasan and until recently the party chief in Tamil Nadu, had faced off at a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday, where Wasnik reportedly opposed the TNCC’s decision to launch a membership drive using pictures of veteran Tamil Nadu leaders K Kamaraj and Moopanar on the membership cards. Sources said Wasnik demanded that the cards have pictures only of Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi. Later, Gnanadesikan quit as party unit chief, setting the stage for Vasan’s breakaway move.
Wasnik dismissed the Vasan camp’s allegations as baseless. PTI quoted him as saying, “I am not aware of any single reason (for the parting of ways by Vasan). He has enjoyed all respect within the party. He was a minister in the UPA government and was an important leader of the party in Tamil Nadu.”
In Chennai, Vasan said he was worried about the way the Congress was functioning in Tamil Nadu. He said the party would follow the path set by Kamaraj and Moopanar.
Moopanar had formed the TMC with a large number of leaders and all 20 Congress MPs after then prime minister Narasimha Rao had decided to strike an alliance with the AIADMK without consulting the state unit. If that was a blow, Vasan’s move comes when the Congress is already struggling in Tamil Nadu.
Vasan’s camp claimed three of the five Congress MLAs in the state would join the new party, though only two have confirmed it. Sources added that they would have the support of 18 to 20 of the 50 district committee presidents. Besides Gnanadesikan, former TMC leader Peter Alphonse was another important face that appeared alongside Vasan during Monday’s announcement.
New TNCC president E V K S Elangovan, who was appointed on Sunday after Gnanadesikan’s resignation, urged Vasan not to quit the party. However, continued…

Auto stocks skid up to 5% on poor October salesYou are here: Home > Collections
Auto stocks under pressure as October sales disappoint
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 12.55PM IST
Tags:
Bajaj Auto
(The weak performance comes…)
MUMBAI: Shares of automobile companies were witnessing profit booking as sales in the festival season failed to live upto Street expectations.
Shares of Hero MotoCorp and M&M were worst hit as they fell between 3.5-4.5 per cent intraday.
The weak performance comes after the sector posted higher year-over-year numbers for the first four months of the fiscal year.
However, analysts continue to remain bullish on the sector as they expect sales to pick-up as economic growth revives and interest rates come down in coming years.
"Auto numbers for October have been a little muted but we think that the markets will be looking beyond that. Consumer discretionary happens to be the first space to move as the economy moves. Although month-on-month it has been a weak number but overall over the last three-four months, that is one space where we have clearly seen traction," said Gaurav Mehta , VP-Institutional Equities , Ambit Capital to ET Now.
"Initially, it was just limited to passenger vehicle space, two wheelers and four wheelers, now it has seen MHCV also join the party. So from that point of view, that is one space that we stay constructive on," he added.
Four wheelers:
Maruti Suzuki reported a 1.1 percent decline in total sales in October at 1,03,973 units as against 1,05,087 units in the same month last year.
Mahindra & Mahindra's October sales fell 15.39 per cent to 42,776 units as compared to 50,558 units in the same month last year, the company said in a statement.
Tata Motors reported a 17 per cent decline in total sales at 42,819 units in October 2014 as against 51,638 units in the same month last year.
Two wheelers:
Hero Moto Corp sold 5,75,056 two-wheelers in October 2014, down 8 per cent, as compared to 6,25,420 units in the same month last year.
Bajaj Auto reported total sales of 3,86,017 units in October 2014 compared to 3,85,323 units in October 2013.
TVS Motor Company reported 22 per cent increase in its total sales at 2,41,044 units in October 2014 against 1,97,905 units in the same month last year.
At 12:00 p.m.; Hero MotoCorp was 1.37 per cent lower. The stock fell 4.33 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 2,928.80.
M&M was down 3.18 per cent. It fell 3.44 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 1,258.45.
Bajaj Auto was 1.51 per cent lower after it declined 2.13 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 2,553.40.
Maruti Suzuki was down 1.12 per cent. It fell 1.74 per cent intraday to touch Rs 3,280.
Tata Motors was 0.87 per cent down after it slipped 1.69 per cent to touch Rs 526.55 intraday.
TVS Motor Company was 1.19 per cent higher after it rallied 2.67 per cent to touch 52-week high of Rs 266.55.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wagah blast: High alert on Indo-Pak border; death toll mounts to 61Comments
High alert has been sounded along the India-Pakistan border a day after the suicide bomb attack at the Wagah checkpoint near Lahore, even as the death toll climbed to 61.
Relatives gather beside the covered bodies of victims who were killed in suicide bomb attack in Wagah border near Lahore. (Reuters Photo)
Border Security Force (BSF) chief DK Pathak said Monday the BSF had received some inputs a fortnight ago that terror groups may try to carry out a possible strike during the beating retreat ceremony, hosted by border guarding forces of both nations.
A home ministry official too said there were alarms about a possible strike.
"India's external intelligence agency, Research and Analysis Wing, had got intelligence inputs some 15 days back indicating that the flag-lowering might be targeted by the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan," he said on condition of anonymity.
Every day before sunset, soldiers from Pakistan and India gather at Wagah, the only road border crossing between Amritsar and Lahore, to simultaneously lower the two nations' flags.
Twenty people have been arrested over Sunday's bombing  which took place 500 metres from the border on the Pakistani side  at 6.12pm. Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among the 61 dead.
Watch: India beefs up security post blast
No Indian troops were hurt but the blast left windows and doors of the BSF post shaking. Most of the people who died in the blast were returning from the ceremony.
"A large number of people were returning after watching Rangers flag ceremony at Wagah border when a suicide bomber blew himself up near one of the exit gates," Mushtaq Sukhera, inspector general (IG) of police of Punjab, said. He added three Pakistani Rangers were among the dead.
Pathak said there would be no beating retreat ceremony at Wagah border for three days from Monday at the request of Pakistan.
The BSF chief added his officers in Punjab had already undertaken "coordination" meetings with all intelligence, security and state government authorities in the light of the inputs they had received.
Land border trade between India and Pakistan came to a halt on Monday.
Customs officials in Attari, Punjab, said there was no trade activity from either side. They said that the trading activity was likely to remain suspended for another two days.
Hundreds of trucks from both countries carry products, including fruits and vegetables, through the land border trade.
Meanwhile, a militant group close to Pakistani Taliban, claimed responsibility for the deadliest attack to hit Pakistan in a year, saying it was a response to the Pakistani army's actions against their positions in tribal areas.
An 18-year-old bomber tried to enter the security perimeter of the border area complex but was checked by the Rangers and that is when he detonated the explosives strapped on his body, Punjab poilce IG Sukhera said. He was carrying 20 to 25 kg of explosives.
"I was sitting in my office near the border when I heard the blast. I rushed to the scene and saw scattered bodies, injured men, women and children and smashed cars," a Pakistani intelligence source said.
Security officials expressed fear that the teenager might have been trying to detonate himself further inside the complex that could have caused damage on the Indian side as well.
The dead and wounded were taken to Lahore's Ghurki hospital, where distressed relatives, weeping and hugging each other in grief, searched for their loved ones.
Live TV footage showed people drenched in blood and crying in pain as they were evacuated to hospitals, where relatives of the dead cried and beat their chests and heads. "My brothers, my two brothers… They both are dead," a man wailed.
"We received 35 bodies including those of women and children and 60 to 70 were wounded," deputy medical superintendent of Ghurki Hospital near the Wagah border crossing, identified only as Dr Khurram, told Pakistani television channels.
Lahore police chief Amin Wains confirmed it was a suicide attack. "Ball bearings were found at the scene," he said. TV channels showed images of gutted shops and buildings near the checkpoint.
Pakistan has been wracked by a homegrown Taliban insurgency that has killed thousands of people in recent years, but attacks have tailed off since the army launched a major anti-militant offensive in the northwest in June.
An HT team that visited the joint check-post in the night saw ambulances and other vehicles moving on the Pakistani side.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi condemned the blast. "Terror attack in Pakistan near Wagah Border is shocking. I strongly condemn such a dastardly act of terrorism," Modi tweeted.
(With inputs from agencies)

Market in red; Lanco Infratech surges 13%  Unitech up 12% | Sensex @ 54 000: BofAJyotivardhan Jaipuria
(We are bullish on the market…)
In a chat with ET Now, Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, shares his views on the market as well as the earnings growth. Excerpts:
ET Now: We are very close to the opening. Are you bullish on the markets at the current levels? Do you think 8500 comes in first or do you believe there will be a correction?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: We are bullish on the market for the next few years. In fact, our view is that the markets will double over the next four years. In between that, of course, we will get a lot of corrections. We will keep having these minor dips, but every dip is like an opportunity to buy in this market.
ET Now: I was reading your India equity strategy report as of October 21st. I do not think too much would have changed since then. Your report suggested that India is a consensus overweight amongst the EMs, probably one of the favourites as well. What does this take a 12-month rolling target for your house and how soon could we actually hit that target considering the kind of space that we have exhibited in the strength over the last few days?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Yes, most people are overweight India. Most people have played India for the last one year. In fact, even the aggregate data shows that emerging market funds are on an average overweight India by 400 bps. So versus the index of around 7%, they have 11% in India.
Most people think that India is the place to be over the next one year, over the next four years. There is a general agreement with a bullish view that the earnings could go up and double over the next four years probably and the markets may follow suit.
ET Now: Do you see the earnings revival coming in soon?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: We think earnings will double over the next four years because of two factors. One is macro and the other is micro.
In macro, if you see, corporate profits as a percentage of GDP are the lowest in 10 years. So, typically that will start to pick up from these levels.
Second, if you look at the micro, then corporate margins are the lowest in the last 18 years. So from these levels it is likely that these margins will again revert to mean. If they revert to mean over the next four years, we probably are going to see the earnings double.
So, probably, you are heading for another strong spell of earnings growth now.
ET Now: Part of the market is already pricing in a rate cut ahead of the rest of analyst expectations from the market or the RBI in fact. What is the sense that you are getting? Do you think the move in the Bank Nifty and the way the entire banking pack and the market is moving could also run a little bit into a risk because the market seems to be moving ahead of the fundamentals right now purely in terms of a rate expectation cut from the RBI?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Yes, we actually have been more optimistic on the rate cut than most of the consensus.
Our view is that the rate would cut in the early part of next year. So February is where we have a first rate cut built in, which is like ahead of what the street was expecting. The view was essentially linked to inflation. Like, if we see Indian inflation, it has a good correlation with the global commodity prices. Global commodity prices are coming down. So the chances are that the inflation will keep surprising on the downside.
The RBI has this 6% target for FY16 and at least for this year, we will probably see the inflation coming in below 6% before the end of this calendar year. So to that extent, the pressure will be on the RBI. They may choose to delay the rate cuts a bit. But if you see the G-Sec market, it is already building in a rate cut coming in. So if you see, some banks have already started cutting rates. To that extent, the interest rate cycle is headed down. Now, it has become a question of when does the RBI cut.
  ET Now: Is that the principle reason for the bullishness on the auto pack?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Over the last four-five years, sectors like pharma and software have play out very well. Our view is that we are now at a stage where we are going to start having the sector rotation come through.
There are two reasons why we are bullish on the auto pack. One, we think that the GDP growth is close to bottoming out. So probably, FY16 will be stronger than FY15, and FY17 will be stronger than FY16. So you have a GDP which after four-five years of downtrend is really going to go on uptrend.
Second is the interest rate. Basically you have seen 300 bps increases in interest rates in the last five years. The next few years will see interest rates getting cut. Autos is probably one of the best things we have been playing because when we do our cycle analysis, autos is the first one to start doing well when this sort of scenario builds up.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Spending: Make the most of your family s photographic legacy0
3. Shoeboxes are for shoes. Prints deteriorate when exposed to excess light and extremes of temperature and humidity. Look for sheets or envelopes that will protect them and won't cause fading or staining, and store them in archival-quality binders or albums. Good sources include Gaylord ( http://www.gaylord.com ), Hollinger Metal Edge ( http://www.hollingermetaledge.com ), Light Impressions ( http://www.lightimpressionsdirect.com ) and University Products ( http://www.universityproducts.com ).
4. Restore when necessary. If an important family photo is torn, stained or faded, a skilled conservator can repair and restore it, but you'll pay $125 to $250 an hour. So if you just want to remember Uncle Frank's face, touch-up by a scanning service may be sufficient.
5. Add an ID. Preserving photos for the future is pointless if they're unidentified, says professional photo conservator Tom Edmondson. Label prints on an edge of the back in pencil or with a felt-tip marking pen with pigmented ink that won't fade or discolor over time. Instead of organizing photos chronologically, sort them into large and meaningful categories, such as "The Seventies," "Holidays" and "Vacations." And be selective. Weed out duplicates and fuzzy shots.
6. Get expert advice. For prints, go to the National Archives' Web site ( http://www.archives.gov/preservation/family-archives ). You'll learn how to display photographs, care for vintage albums, deal with photos stuck to "magnetic" pages, and more. For digital images, go to the Library of Congress ( http://www.digitalpreservation.gov/personalarchiving ).
(Patricia Mertz Esswein is an associate editor at Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Richard Branson vows to find out cause of Virgin Galactic spacecraft crashBillionaire Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson, saluting the bravery of test pilots, vowed Saturday to find out what caused the crash.
By: Associated Press | Mojave | Posted: November 2, 2014 12:56 am | Updated: November 2, 2014 12:01 pm
Investigators looking into what caused the crash of a Virgin Galactic prototype spacecraft that killed one of two test pilots said a 5-mile path of debris across the California desert indicates the aircraft broke up in flight.
“When the wreckage is dispersed like that, it indicates the likelihood of inflight breakup,” National Transportation Safety Board Acting Chairman Christopher A Hart said late last night.
Learning where aircraft parts fell will help investigators determine when and how the breakup occurred, he said.
The crash almost certainly dashed founder Richard Branson’s goal of starting commercial suborbital flight next spring, but the mogul said that while he remained committed to civilian space travel “we are not going to push on blindly.”
In grim remarks at the Mojave Air and Space Port, where the craft known as SpaceShipTwo was under development, Branson gave no details of Friday’s accident and deferred to the NTSB, whose team began its first day of investigation on Saturday.
“We are determined to find out what went wrong,” he said, asserting that safety has always been the top priority of the programme that envisions taking wealthy tourists six at a time to the edge of space for a brief experience of weightlessness and a view of Earth below.
“Yesterday, we fell short,” he said. “We’ll now comprehensively assess the results of the crash and are determined to learn from this and move forward.”
He also criticised early speculation about crash causes.
“To be honest, I find it slightly irresponsible that people who know nothing about what they’re saying can be saying things before the NTSB makes their comments.”
The pilot killed in the test flight was identified Saturday as Michael Tyner Alsbury, 39, of nearby Tehachapi.
The surviving pilot is Peter Siebold, 43, who parachuted to safety and was hospitalised.
Both worked for Scaled Composites, the company developing the spaceship for Virgin Galactic. Scaled Composite said Alsbury was the co-pilot for the test flight. Siebold, who was piloting SpaceShipTwo, “is alert and talking with his family and doctors,” the company said in a statement.
Investigators found an undeployed parachute at the crash site, Hart said. They don’t yet know how Siebold got out of the aircraft because they haven’t had a chance to interview him, he added.
More than a dozen investigators in a range of specialties were forming teams to examine the crash site, collect data and interview witnesses, Hart said.
“This will be the first time we have been in the lead of a space launch (accident) that involved persons onboard,” said Hart, noting that the NTSB did participate in investigations of the Challenger and Columbia space shuttle disasters.
A journalist makes a video of the wreckage near the site where a Virgin Galactic space tourism rocket, SpaceShipTwo, exploded and crashed in Mojave, Calif. (Source: AP)
Hart said he did not immediately know the answers to such questions as whether the spaceship had flight recorders or the altitude of the accident, but noted that test flights are usually well-documented. Investigators will review video from multiple cameras that were on the spaceship, the mother ship, at nearby Edwards Air Force Base and a chase aircraft, he said.
They also have six “nonvolatile” sources of information from the aircraft, and radar data to sift through.
Virgin Galactic, owned by Branson’s Virgin Group and Aabar Investments PJS of Abu Dhabi, plans to fly passengers to altitudes more than 62 miles above Earth. The company sells seats on each prospective journey for USD 250,000.
The company says that “future astronauts,” as it calls customers, include Stephen Hawking, Justin Bieber, Ashton Kutcher and Russell Brand. The company reports receiving USD 90 million from about 700 prospective passengers.
Billionaire Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson, saluting the bravery of test pilots, vowed Saturday to find out what caused the crash of his prototype space tourism rocket, killing one crew member and injuring another.
In grim remarks at the Mojave Air and Space Port where the craft was under development, Branson gave no details of Friday’s accident and deferred to the federal National Transportation Safety Board, whose team had just arrived.
“We are determined to find out what went wrong,” he said, asserting that safety has always been the top priority of the program that envisions taking wealthy tourists to the edge of space for a brief experience of weightlessness and a view of Earth below.
“Yesterday we fell short,” he said. “We’ll now comprehensively assess the results of the crash and are determined to learn from this and move forward.”
Branson added, however, that “we are not going to push on blindly.”
More than a dozen investigators in a range of specialties were forming teams to examine the crash site, collect data and interview witnesses, NTSB Acting Chairman Christopher A Hart told a press conference at Mojave Air and Space Port, where the winged spacecraft was under development.
Hart said the investigation will have similarities to a typical NTSB probe as well as some differences.
“This will be the first time we have been in the lead of a space launch (accident) that involved persons onboard,” said Hart, noting that the NTSB did participate in investigations of the Challenger and Columbia space shuttle disasters.
Hart said he did not immediately know the answers to such questions as whether the spaceship had flight recorders or the altitude of the accident, but noted that test flights are usually well documented.
The NTSB investigators were expected to head to an area about 20 miles (32 km) from the Mojave airfield where debris from the spaceship fell over a wide area of uninhabited desert.
Virgin Galactic’s SpaceShipTwo blew apart about 20 miles (32 km) from the Mojave airfield after being released from a carrier aircraft Friday. It was the second fiery setback for commercial space travel in less than a week. On Tuesday, an unmanned Orbital Sciences Antares commercial supply rocket bound for the International Space Station exploded moments after liftoff from a launch site in VirginiA
Branson has been the front-runner in the fledgling space tourism industry, which has taken years longer than expected by hundreds of enthusiasts who have already put down deposits to reserve seats.
On Saturday, Branson said none of the money has been spent and anyone who wanted a refund could get it, but no one has asked. Rather, he said, someone signed up on the day of the accident in a show of support.
“They’ve been patient to date,” he said of his customers. “I think most of them will be patient longer.”
The spacecraft broke up after being released from a carrier aircraft at high altitude, according to Ken Brown, a photographer who witnessed the plane breaking apart.
One pilot was found dead inside the spacecraft and another parachuted out and was flown by helicopter to a hospital, Kern County Sheriff Donny Youngblood said.
The accident occurred just as it seemed commercial space flights were near, after a period of development that lasted far longer than hundreds of prospective passengers had expected.
Branson once envisioned operating flights by 2007. Last month, he talked about the first flight being next spring with his son.
“It’s a real setback to the idea that lots of people are going to be taking joyrides into the fringes of outer space any time soon,” said John Logsdon, retired space policy director at George Washington University.
Friday’s flight marked the 55th for SpaceShipTwo, which was intended to be the first of a fleet of craft. This was only the fourth flight to include a brief rocket firing. The rockets fire after the spacecraft is released from the underside of a larger carrying plane. During other flights, the craft either was not released from its mothership or functioned as a glider after release.
At 60 feet (18 meters) long, SpaceShipTwo featured two large windows for each of up to six passengers, one on the side and one overhead.
The accident’s cause was not immediately known, nor was the altitude at which the blast occurred. The first rocket-powered test flight peaked at about 10 miles (16 km) above Earth. Commercial flights would go 62 miles (100 km) or higher.
The problem happened about 50 minutes after takeoff and within minutes of the spaceship’s release from its mothership, said Stuart Witt, CEO of the Mojave Air and Space Port.
Virgin Galactic – owned by Branson’s Virgin Group and Aabar Investments PJS of Abu Dhabi – sells seats on each prospective journey for $250,000. The company says that “future astronauts,” as it calls customers, include Stephen Hawking, Justin Bieber, Ashton Kutcher and Russell Brand. The company reports receiving $90 million from about 700 prospective passengers.
Ken Baxter was one of those who had signed up to be among the first to make the flight.
Despite the disaster, Las Vegas resident Baxter said he was confident that the flight will happen one day.
“It’s very sad for the test pilots, but I’m ready to go into space with Richard Branson,” he said.
SpaceShipTwo is based on aerospace design maverick Burt Rutan’s award-winning SpaceShipOne prototype, which became the first privately financed manned rocket to reach space in 2004.
“It’s an enormously sad day for a company,” Rutan told The Associated Press in a phone interview from his home in Idaho, where he has lived since retiring.
Friday’s death was not the first associated with the program. Three people died during a blast at the Mojave Air and Space Port in 2007 during testing work on a rocket motor of SpaceShipTwo.

How regional food at hole-in-the-wall eateries in Japan steals the showSave precious time tracking your investments
By Anoothi Vishal
The only time I have sashimi during my whirlwind tour of Japan is when I visit Odaiba — the glitzy island in Tokyo with the Rainbow Bridge, which reminds you a bit of San Francisco . With no time to make reservations at restaurants-with reputations or to tackle any gourmet wishlists, I decide to follow the crowd — to go with the flow — quite literally, to the most buzzing casual diner that I can spot.
At the small eatery that I zero in on, scores of locals are having no-fuss dinners; the menu is all in Japanese and no one pays me any attention at all as I sit down and wonder where to begin. This seems like no tourist trap, I wonder. The downside, of course, is that I am left grappling with language.
Luckily though, some help is at hand. An Indian tennis player-turned-coach — who later confides that he has played against Leander Paes — is on the table next to me. He spots me and valiantly chips in with suggestions and translations. The simple tuna tataki that I land up trying, with its ginger-soy-lime vinaigrette, is stunning indeed and sans the pricey tags that a dish of this calibre would invariably come with in New Delhi.
The thing about Japan is that it is not expensive at all. At one point, that is all travellers from India may have worried about. But today that's not true. Most of the things — especially food — that I land up consuming is priced prettily; on a par and sometimes at a much better qualityprice ratio than in India.
The other thing, of course, is that — as with most other food capitals of the world — gourmet-quality bites are so accessible. You don't necessarily have to step into some ritzy restaurant. You don't have to go through Trip Advisor or Lonely Planet picks and you certainly don't have to plan to splurge at some fancy eatery.
In any town or any bar that you care to venture into, the charm remains the unexpected. I encounter precisely that as I spend two days in a city that is not on any of the usual itineraries, but deserves to be: Hiroshima.
Hiroshima Pancakes
Instead of a sombre town that you may imagine it to be, Hiroshima is an energetic, pretty city that has long shaken off its war-time ghosts. The Atomic Bomb Dome stands a grim reminder to the greatest tragedy imaginable; just a short walk away from the railway terminal where the Shinkansen comes bursting, on the dot, symbolic of that speedy resilience and sheer grit that characterise modern Japan. And there is also a museum that details the horrors of the past: melted tricycles, school children annihilated, the entire town razed... nothing is forgotten. But equally, nothing is allowed to remain chained to the past.
Ota, the river that flows through the city, had turned bloody on that day in August, 1945, with the wounded and the dead. Today, cruise liners sail down its length, allowing tourists to get a glimpse of the completely rebuilt "city of water". There are six rivers flowing through this beautiful city, and open air cafes have sprouted by their sides, where revellers and tourists can just sit back and relax. A Mazda museum, where you can see the latest automobile technology, and a Zoom-Zoom stadium by the same car company with different styles of seating (including "party floor-style seats"), show off the industrial muscle of this town.
But if you want evidence of life reclaimed, you really must step into the incredible shopping and food area. Hondori — the covered walking street — is so full of people on the weekend that it is difficult to navigate. Everything is buzzing and cheerful. But as of now, all our attention is taken up by the scores of informal bars, or Izakaya, that dot the area. On offer is not just Japanese whisky, sake and shochu but also excellent French wine ( Japan is actually quite a good place for the best wines; it is not for nothing, arguably, that so many French winemakers are owned by Japanese MNCs). But drinking aside, the food to try here is okonomiyaki.
The only time I have sampled this earlier is at Sakura, that excellent traditional restaurant at the Metropolitan Hotel in New Delhi. It is perhaps the only place in India where you can get what is often popularly described as "Japanese pizza"— but pancakes really. However, as I find out, there is a whale of a difference between Hiroshima-style okonomiyaki and what you find in most other cities of the world, including in Tokyo. That's because it is Osaka-style pancakes that are popular the world over. The thick batter (flour, grated yam, dashi, eggs and shredded cabbage) and other ingredients (such as green onion, thin pork belly, octopus, squid, even cheese all bunged in together) are cooked live on hot iron plates and they rise to such plumpness that would befit a frittata.
The Hiroshima-style pancakes, on the other hand, are much more delicate. As we sit — Japanese style — on the low-floor benches around a hot teppan for a live meal, I figure out that is because the layers of "top-ups" are added on instead of mixed into the batter. This is, indeed, soul food for the entire region. At restaurants like where I am, you grill your pancake yourself live on the teppan put in the centre of the seating arrangement. And each restaurant as well as each guest is quite particular about the condiments served alongside. The okonomiyaki sauce (similar to Worcestershire sauce but thicker and more mushroomy; shitake mushrooms are added to give it that burst of umami) tops the pancakes along with aonori (seaweed flakes), bonito flakes, Japanese mayo and pickled ginger.
But before that, what you may also partake off is an array of grilled appetizers, veggies, meats and seafood. Hiroshima is also famous for its oysters and we have quite an evening polishing off an entire lot, grilled lightly on the teppan, with our beer.

Telecom Firms Asked to Collect Aadhaar Number for Issuing New SIMs: ReportAction Jackson: Day 2 Box Office Review
New Delhi: The Department of Telecom (DoT) has asked all mobile operators to collect 'Aadhaar' number along with customer application form for issuing new connections and store the unique identification number in their database.
The DoT has also asked the operators to amend their database in two months for adding the 'Aadhaar' number.
"It has been decided to collect Aadhaar number along with customer application form (CAF) of mobile telephone applications and store the same in the database along with other data," DoT sources said.
Sources also said that the directive will be applicable in all cases irrespective of the fact that mobile connection is issued by taking Aadhaar card or any other document as proof of identity and proof of address.
The government is also working with all stakeholders in resolving the issue regarding use of Aadhaar card as a proof of address for procuring new SIM cards in its proposed online verification system.
"The issue regarding use of Aadhaar card as proof of address for procuring new SIM cards in its proposed online verification will be in place in next two months," Department of Electronics and IT (DeitY) Secretary R S Sharma said last week.
The Home Ministry had raised multiple concerns over using UIDAI number as an address proof in the DoT's proposed online verification system, citing possible issues in the supporting Aadhaar data.
The Home Ministry had raised concerns over supporting documents submitted by people as proof of identity and proof of address for getting a 'Aadhaar' number, sources had said.
DoT is working on a concept to use Aadhaar number for online verification of people seeking mobile connections along with existing process of customer verification.
Aadhaar card can be also issued to foreign nationals staying in the country. This had also been questioned by the Home Ministry fearing nationals of neighbouring country could attempt to use it to procure Indian identity documents for infiltration.
The Home Ministry had said that unlike Aadhaar, other acceptable proof of address documents such as passport, driving licence do not have the status of universality and therefore "even higher levels of error in these documents may not translate into comparable volume of security concerns".
The Home Ministry had also raised concern over involvement of foreign vendors by UIDAI for storing data and has suggested audit of data security.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 18:20 (IST)

PR woes dull Brixtons Ritzy cinema glitzPR woes dull Brixton’s Ritzy picturehouse glitz
Emily Cadman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/49c1f2b0-6051-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jet Airways shares down 4% even as shareholders approve Etihad dealE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Galaxy Alpha is best looking Galaxy smartphone till dateGalaxy Alpha
Price: Rs 39,990
Breaking free from the trademark Samsung design, which makes all Galaxy smartphones look alike, the Alpha does have a premium look and feel. It is the best looking Galaxy smartphone till date. The design isn't revolutionary and seems to be a combination of the iPhone 5s and the Galaxy SII. The Alpha has a metallic rim with a plastic back. Instead of a massive 5-inch-plus display, it has a 4.7-inch super AMOLED display with 1280x720 pixel resolution. It is thin and weighs only 115 grams.
Its look may have changed, but the innards remain the same. It has the same proprietary user interface, apps such as S Voice, heart rate sensor, among others, and the Exynos 5 octa-core chipset. I personally don't like the TouchWiz UI. You can get rid of the UI by installing Nova launcher, which is identical to the stock Android.
Running on Android KitKat, the Alpha has a 1.3 GHz quad-core+1.8 GHz quad-core processor, and is paired with 2 GB of RAM and 32 GB onboard storage. This isn't bad, but almost all the other high-end smartphones run on the latest Qualcomm chipsets, including the new Moto X, which is priced lower than the Alpha. While this doesn't affect the basic functionality, it does make a difference while handing heavy graphic apps and games. With the software consuming over 6.12 GB of storage, 24.97 GB is user accessible and non-expandable. The Alpha also has a finger print scanner.
The 12 MP camera does a good job. There are a plenty of settings to play around with and the images captured are full of details. While there is no dedicated camera key, the camera app can be accessed from the lock screen itself. There are various modes onboard, including HDR, Dual, Beauty Face and Panorama. Last, on a single charge, the 1,860 mAh battery lasted me over a day. There is an ultra power saving mode too that increases the battery by enabling the grayscale mode and restricting app usage to only essential apps, among other things. Under this mode, the estimated standby time was 5.5 days.
RATING: 4/5

Demanding PM: All work for babus with revised goalsYou are here: Home > Collections > Cabinet
Bureaucrats racing against time to achieve a year's goals in six months
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 10.32AM IST
Tags:
Ajit Kumar Seth
(On Saturday, Prime Minister…)
NEW DELHI: For India's top bureaucrats, there's little time to while away on the golf course or at Delhi Gymkhana Club . They are racing against the clock, trying to achieve revised full-year targets in half the time—there's less than six months left for the end of the financial year.
But that's not all. On Saturday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi asked all secretaries to advance budget work by three months and visit their first place of posting for a reality check. The same day, the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT), under Modi's direct charge, advised bureaucrats to replicate a Gujarat scheme and pursue volunteer works of a social nature but not at the cost of their responsibilities at work.
The cabinet secretariat had written to 72 ministries and departments asking them to submit annual goals in revised result framework documents (RFDs) for 2014-15 for approval by a high-powered committee chaired by cabinet secretary Ajit Kumar Seth . "With the new government in Centre, the priorities of the government have been revised," the letter said.
RFDs had been prepared and submitted in April, detailing targets for the year. But the cabinet secretariat asked all ministries on June 16, and again on September 15, to align these with the BJP's manifesto and the president's address to Parliament after the new government took charge at the end of May.
"All ministries submitted their fresh RFDs last week with targets having timelines from October till next March. Effectively, ministries have about five months left to achieve the new targets for year 2014-15," a senior government official told ET.
For example, DoPT's fresh targets include drawing up a policy for inducting private talent into government, preparing an online system of performance appraisals for bureaucrats and creating an e-record room by scanning all files over the last 10 years.
The cabinet secretariat in September asked the telecom department to include the BJP's promise of Wi-Fi zones in public areas in its revised RFD. The petroleum ministry was asked to incorporate the BJP's intent on coming out with a national energy policy, taking steps to maximise the potential of oil, gas, ocean, wind and nuclear resources and promoting the concept of proactive carbon credits.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IPL probe: Mudgal committee submits final report to Supreme CourtIPL probe: Mudgal committee submits final report to Supreme Court
Big blow to Congress Top Tamil Nadu leader GK Vasan quits partyBig blow to Congress? Top Tamil Nadu leader GK Vasan quits party
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 12.50PM IST
Tags:
BS Gnanadesikan
(Vasan has given ample indications…)
CHENNAI/NEW DELHI: The already enfeebled Congress today suffered a split in Tamil Nadu with one of its top leaders G K Vasan quitting the party and planning to start a new outfit.
Hitting back, the Congress leadership expelled him from the party for his inappropriate comments against it.
Angry over the way the Congress leadership handled the affairs of the state unit and allegedly ignored the merit of leaders, Vasan, son of late Congress leader late G K Moopanar, said he was quitting the party and would soon float a new party.
"We have taken this decision after getting the feedback of lakhs of Congress cadres in Tamil Nadu and also leaders of Congress party in Tamil Nadu. We have sent in our resignations," he announced at a press conference here.
The development marks a full circle 18 years after his father broke from the Congress and formed the Tamil Maanila Congress which tied up with the DMK to sweep the Assembly and Parliament elections in 1996. Later the party merged with Congress in 2002.
Avoiding any criticism of Congress President Sonia Gandhi and her deputy Raghul Gandhi, Vasan squarely blamed others entrusted with party affairs in the state. The approach of AICC in Tamil Nadu was not satisfactory in achieving its goal of bringing party rule in Tamil Nadu, he said.
Reacting to Vasan's decision and his attack on the leadership, Congress spokesperson Ajoy Kumar announced his expulsion from the party. He said the party took the decision on the basis of inappropriate comments he made about it and the leadership.
Vasan, however, did not refer to Mukul Wasnik, in-charge of Tamil Nadu, and former Union minister P Chidambaram, with whom he had differences on party affairs.
"We want to lead, be the number one regional party and an alternative political party to Tamil Nadu people and we feel we can fulfil the vision of the late Kamaraj. We are going in the right direction," he said highlighting the principles of the new party.
Defending his decision to severe his 12-year-long association with Congress, which was anticipated after he had dropped ample hints to this effect last week, Vasan said, "We are on a new path. Youth in Tamil Nadu are looking for a new political culture. We are confident of fulfilling it".
Flanked by former state unit president B S Gnanadesikan, who quit the post last week, Vasan charged that the Congress High Command did not give the Tamil Nadu unit the due importance it deserved, particularly in the aftermath of its worst debacle in the Lok Sabha elections.
Vasan's decision to quit Congress comes a day after newly-appointed state unit President E V K S Elangovan took charge. Elangovan's appeals to Vasan to stay in the party went unheeded.
He said the name and symbol of his outfit would be disclosed at a meet to be held in Tiruchi shortly.
Vasan said he would work towards regaining the vote bank of the Congress in Tamil Nadu, which he says is more than 10 per cent.
  Moopanar, who opposed Congress forging electoral truck with AIADMK, had resigned from the party and formed his own outfit Tamil Maanila Congress (TMC) in 1996.
TMC had won 39 of 40 seats it contested in alliance with DMK in Assembly elections that year. It secured a vote share of 9.30 per cent, while Congress did not win a single seat of 64 it contested in alliance with AIADMK. The party had registered a vote share of just 5.61 per cent.Congress even lost the deposit in 14 seats.
However, after Moopanar's death TMC merged with Congress in 2002.
Party sources indicated "some glitches" in christening the new outfit again in the name of erstwhile Tamil Maanila Congress (TMC).
While Vasan was making public his decision, newly-appointed TNCC president E V K S Elangovan appealed to him to stay back "as the party was facing troubled times," to which the latter said "thanks."
Several Congress leaders, including former MPs, MLAs and two sitting MLAs-- John Jacob and N R Rangarajan were present at the press conference.
Dumped by DMK, Congress was routed in the recent Lok Sabha polls in Tamil Nadu, scoring a blank in all 39 seats.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Expand BRICS: Basu pitches for Kenya s inclu...You are here: Home > Collections > Kenya
Expand BRICS into BRICKS: World Bank's Chief Economist Kaushik Basu pitches for Kenya's inclusion
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 01.12PM IST
("BRICS should think seriously…)
WASHINGTON: The five-member block of emerging economies, BRICS, should consider drawing Kenya into its fold to become 'BRICKS', World Bank's Chief Economist and India's former Chief Economic Advisor Kaushik Basu has said.
Originally this grouping was known as BRIC, after global financial giant Goldman Sachs' Jim O'Neill coined this term in 2001 for Brazil, Russia, India and China, for being the four most important emerging economies of the world.
A few years ago, South Africa was included into this grouping and it became BRICS.
"BRICS should think seriously of drawing Kenya into its ranks and correcting the annoying spelling mistake that it is," Basu has tweeted.
Basu became Senior Vice-President for Development Economics and World Bank Chief Economist in October 2012 and prior to that he was Chief Economic Advisor to the Government of India.
Basu, a well-known expert on Indian and other emerging economies, is currently on leave from his position and is serving as Professor of Economics and the C Marks Professor of International Studies at Cornell University.
Earlier he was also Professor of Economics at the Delhi School of Economics.
Earlier last month, Basu said that among the BRICS in 2013 and this year, China has had the "fastest growth and India the fastest growth of growth--the only country where the growth rate grew".
Basu had also said that GDP growths of the 5 countries in this block, when arranged in terms of fastest to slowest, would be given the acronim CIRSB for 2003-08, while for 2013 it is CIBSR and CISRB for 2014.
In reply to Basu's latest tweet about Kenya's inclusion, others also suggested Kazakhstan.
Renowned stock market expert Deepak Mohoni, who is known to have coined the term Sensex for the stock market's benchmark index, tweeted on a lighter note that BRICS could also be respelt as 'CRIBS'.
"Kenya improved its credit information system by passing legislation that allows the sharing of both positive and negative credit information and establishes guidelines for the treatment of historical data," according to the World Bank's latest Doing business report that was authored by Basu.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Publicis to buy US-based Sapient for $3.7 bi...French advertising group Publicis says buys Sapient in $3.7 billion deal
By Reuters | 3 Nov, 2014, 12.25PM IST
Publicis buys Sapient for $3.7 billion
Publicis buys Sapient for $3.7 billion
Publicis, whose attempts to merge with US advertising group Omnicom failed this year, said it had agreed to pay $25 a share for Boston-based Sapient.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: Publicis, the world's third-largest advertising holding company, has agreed to buy digital ad specialist Sapient for $3.7 billion in cash as it seeks to accelerate growth after a botched merger earlier this year.
Publicis said on Monday that the deal values US-based Sapient at $25.00 per share, which represented a 44 per cent premium to Friday's close.
For Publicis Chief Executive Maurice Levy, the deal is part of a push to revitalise the group at a time when its quarterly top-line growth has lagged rivals WPP and Interpublic
among others.
Levy has blamed the poor performance on the hangover from Publicis' failed "merger of equals" with world number 2 ad agency Omnicom , which was announced in August 2013 and abandoned in May over control and cultural clashes.
Levy is betting that Sapient, which earned 63 per cent of 2013 sales in the healthy ad market of North America, will help Publicis get back on its feet.
"It will give Publicis access to new markets and create new revenue streams," said the veteran CEO in a statement.
Publicis did not say when the Sapient acquisition would add to group profits but expects 50 million euros in annual cost savings from the combination.
Publicis' management and supervisory boards unanimously backed the deal, as did the board of Sapient, which will recommend shareholders tender their shares.
The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of next year. Citigroup has committed to financing the bid.
Sapient boss Alan Herrick will continue to run the company and is to join Publicis' management team, while Jerry Greenberg, the current co-chairman of Sapient's board will become a board member of Publicis.

ET Wealth | Tips to manage finances if you l...Tips to manage finances if you lose your job
By ET Bureau | 3 Nov, 2014, 08.00AM IST
“Having an emergency fund that can take care of at least three to six months’ expenses can be of enormous help,” says Suresh Sadagopan
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Bindisha Sarang
More than 5000 people will lose their jobs when Nokia shuts down its manufacturing unit in Chennai, this month.
While job security cannot be guaranteed today, a skilled or experienced worker can find another one before long. However, the interim period can be difficult if one does not plan one's finances well.
"Having an emergency fund that can take care of at least three to six months' expenses can be of enormous help," says Suresh Sadagopan, a Mumbai-based certified financial planner . If you have an emergency fund, you won't have to worry about money matters and can focus on hunting for a new job. However, if you don't, what should you do? The following steps can help you manage your household till you find a new job.
Plan a new budget
Drafting a new budget is the first step and it entails cutting down the lifestyle expenses. A monthly budget has two components: fixed expenses such as rent, and variable expenses. The former include compulsory expenses, such as groceries, electricity bills, mobile bills and other utilities that you cannot avoid, whereas the lifestyle expenses would be weekend movies at multiplexes or restaurant dinners. "The first expenses to let go off during the unemployment period are these discretionary expenses," says Kiran Telang, a financial planner.
Take independent health insurance
It is likely that your employer offered you and your family a medical cover. However, when you lose your job, you let go of the health insurance as well. This is the reason that most financial planners insist on employees buying an independent cover besides the group cover from the employer.
Medical emergencies can happen any time and paying medical bills while out of job can be excruciating. "Getting health insurance is of paramount importance. The cover should be at least `5 lakh," says Sadagopan. Financial advisers suggest that you buy a separate family floater policy. The average premium for a family of four is usually around `12,000 per annum. You can port your group health insurance policy to individual health insurance by the same insurer. Check with your former employer's insurer if this is possible.
"If your life or medical insurance premiums are due during the unemployment period, you must service them, even if it's difficult to do so," adds Telang.

Airstrikes kill 13 militants inPakistanPrint
Pakistani army troops ride military vehicles as they leave the Malir cantonment for deployment, Saturday, Nov. 1, 2014 in Karachi, Pakistan. Pakistani authorities decided to deploy army troops in sensitive areas during mourning days of Muharram, the first month of the Islamic calendar, which is observed around the world for 10 days of mourning in remembrance of the martyrdom of Imam Hussein, the grandson of Prophet Mohammed. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:05 pm
Pakistani air force jets pounded terrorist hideouts in the restive northwest tribal region, killing at least 13 militants as part of a major offensive against the Taliban, officials said on Monday. The jets and army helicopters bombed the rebels’ hideouts in Spin Qabar, Gud Malang and Dro Adda areas of Khyber after they attacked security forces convoys, killing one soldier.
A security official said eight militants were killed and seven others injured in the air assaults. In a separate incident, five militants were killed in airstrikes in Sherin Darra of Orakzai tribal district, said another security official. The strikes were launched after militants attacked a check post which killed a civilian and injured three soldiers.
Army has said more than 1,100 terrorists were killed in Zarb-i-Azb operation launched against Taliban in North Waziristan in mid-June while around 50 were killed in Khyber-I offensive against militants in the Khyber tribal district.
According to officials, the operation will continue till the extremists are completely wiped out.

Gold  silver prices tumble on weak global cuesGold, silver prices fall by Rs 200 on global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 16:40 IST
Photo: Reuters
Tracking a weak trend overseas and low demand from domestic jewellers and retailers, gold prices plunged by Rs 200 to Rs 26,350 per ten gram in the national capital on Monday. In addition, diversion of funds towards the record breaking domestic equity markets weighed on the precious metal prices, bullion traders said.
Silver also eased by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers. Weakening trend in global markets where gold dropped to four-year low after the US Federal Reserve's decided to end its bullion friendly bond-buying programme and fall in demand from jewellers and retailers, mainly led to a fall in gold and silver prices, they said.
Gold in Singapore, which normally set price trend on the domestic front, fell 1 per cent to $1,161.75 an ounce and Silver lost 2.4 per cent to $15.77 an ounce, the lowest since February 2010.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 200 each to Rs 26,350 and Rs 26,150 per ten gram respectively. Sovereign followed suit and declined by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
In a similar fashion, silver ready declined by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 460 to Rs 35,340 per kg. Silver coins nosedived by Rs 1,000 to Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces following end of festive season.

Mamata Banerjee holds strategy meet ahead of municipalpollsThe CM Mamata Banerjee expressed concern over growing popularity of BJP in the state and discussed ways on how to tackle it.
Written by Arshad Ali | Kolkata | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:29 pm
Ahead of the municipal elections next year, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee conducted her first strategy meeting session on Monday at her Kalighat residence with the 12 MMICs, 15 Borough chairmen, in the presence of key cabinet ministers and senior leaders.
Sources said that the in the meeting which lasted for about an hour, the CM had expressed her concern over the growing popularity of the BJP in the state and discussed ways on how to tackle it. “She said, ‘BJP is ahead in 26 wards. What were the councillors and Borough chairmen’s doing, sleeping?’” said a top TMC leader present at the meet.
It has also been decided that the party would counter BJP but would not name it in public as their main opposition, to avoid giving it any publicity. Sources said that senior TMC leaders Saugata Ray and Partha Chatterjee had been handed over the responsibility of taking out a booklet highlighting the achievements of the TMC ward-wise along with facts and figures.
Media management had been another issue discussed. “Everyone has been warned about being controlled while speaking to the media as the CM thought a huge part of the media had been bought over by the BJP,” said another senior TMC leader.
TMC ward presidents were to look into the poll related issues in areas which do not have TMC councillors.
All incomplete works have been instructed to be completed as soon as possible and everyone from the top to the bottom was to ensure that the party is not defamed in any manner with their words and actions. “Didi had also said that it is not the work of the councillors alone. Ministers, MPs, MLAs should all meet councillors regularly and keep a tab on the developmental work,” said a senior TMC leader.

Google kickstarts Indian Language Internet Alliance  focus first onHindiAmit Singhal, Prakash Javadekar and Rajan Anandan at the launch of the Indian Langauge Internet Alliance in New Delhi. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:27 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 9:54 pm
Google on Monday roped in an array of partners to usher in the Indian Language Internet Alliance, a new platform to offer better content and technology for the Hindi speaking population. The search giant also announced the launch of the Hindi voice search in the country.
With most of the 200 million-odd English speakers already online, the growth of Internet in India will depend on lowering the entry barriers for the rest of the population. “To reach to our goal of 500 million Internet users by 2017 we need to make the Internet accessible to those who don’t speak English,” said Google India MD Rajan Anandan. He said most of the 5 million Internet users being added everyday are on the mobile and not all of them speak English. As a measure of the lack of Hindi content in the country, he said there were just 22,000 Wikipedia entries in the language while 400 million people spoke the language.
Inaugurating the initiative, Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar said he was confident that this can change the technology landscape of the country. “ We are very adaptive and have accepted new technology and techniques, be it in the farm or our workplace. It just has to be easy,” he said.
Google voice search is now in Hindi too.
The Alliance will work together to accelerate building Indic language content for the hundreds of millions of first-time web users in Indian. To make life more simple for them, Google voice search now understands and gives results in Hindi too. Launching the service, Amit Singhal, Google’s Senior Vice President of Search, said it will benefit people like his mother who understand English but would be more comfortable using their native tongue. “Google is not a company that caters only to the English speaking crowd. We are truly a global company and feel a sense of responsibility to every Internet user in the world,” said Singhal who was responsible for rewriting most of Google’s search algorithm.
Amit Singhal, Google’s Senior Vice President of Search, is originally from Uttar Pradesh.
The company also launched a new Hindi keyboard as well as a bunch of open source fonts in the Language. Singhal said the learning from rolling out the Hindi voice search would be used to fine tuning the offering in other Indian languages later on.

Asiatic lion falls into well in Junagadh rescuedPrint
The lion trapped in a well.
Written by Gopal B Kateshiya | Rajkot | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:22 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 3:31 pm
A male Asiatic lion reportedly fell into an open well in Amrapur village, some 85 kilometres west of Junagadh city, in Maliya Hatina taluka of the district early on Monday. However, the big cat was successfully rescued by forest department within hours and sent to animal care centre in Sasan Gir.
The incident came to light after residents of Amrapur informed forest officers that the lion, around seven to eight years in age, had fallen in the open well located on a farm of Badhabhai Rabari. Soon, a rescue team reached the spot and lowered a charpoy (bed) in the 60-feet deep well which was filled with water.
“After it jumped on the bed again, we tranquilised the lion and pulled it out of the well. It was in good health despite the fall. But we have sent it to animal care centre in Sasan-Gir as a precautionary measure. It will be kept under observation there for some time before we release it in the wild,” Ramesh Katara, deputy conservator of forest (social forestry) of Junagadh district told The Indian Express.
Katara further said that the lion had fallen in the well accidentally on the intervening night of Sunday and Monday. “There was no parapet on the edges of the well and the lion fell into it in the dark of the night,” said the DCF.
Incidentally, forest department has helped farmers in the areas where lions roam, build protective parapets round their wells to help prevent deaths of lions. Asiatic Lion is a Schedule-I animal which enjoys highest protection under Indian wildlife laws. The DCF said that they had instructed Rabari to build such parapet after the incident.
The incident took place at Maliya Hatina taluka where 15 lions divided in three prides have settled permanently, forest officers said. The only wild population in the world of this endangered species is surviving in Gir National Park and Wildlife Sanctuary spread across Junagadh, Gir Somnath and Amreli districts. A few prides have settled in protected and revenue areas of Junagadh, Amreli and Bhavnagar districts also.
According to 2010 census, there were 411 lions living in these four districts in Saurashtra region of Gujarat state.

Markets in green; Lanco Infratech up 13%  Unitech up 12% | Sensex @ 54 000: BofAJyotivardhan Jaipuria
(We are bullish on the market…)
In a chat with ET Now, Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, shares his views on the market as well as the earnings growth. Excerpts:
ET Now: We are very close to the opening. Are you bullish on the markets at the current levels? Do you think 8500 comes in first or do you believe there will be a correction?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: We are bullish on the market for the next few years. In fact, our view is that the markets will double over the next four years. In between that, of course, we will get a lot of corrections. We will keep having these minor dips, but every dip is like an opportunity to buy in this market.
ET Now: I was reading your India equity strategy report as of October 21st. I do not think too much would have changed since then. Your report suggested that India is a consensus overweight amongst the EMs, probably one of the favourites as well. What does this take a 12-month rolling target for your house and how soon could we actually hit that target considering the kind of space that we have exhibited in the strength over the last few days?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Yes, most people are overweight India. Most people have played India for the last one year. In fact, even the aggregate data shows that emerging market funds are on an average overweight India by 400 bps. So versus the index of around 7%, they have 11% in India.
Most people think that India is the place to be over the next one year, over the next four years. There is a general agreement with a bullish view that the earnings could go up and double over the next four years probably and the markets may follow suit.
ET Now: Do you see the earnings revival coming in soon?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: We think earnings will double over the next four years because of two factors. One is macro and the other is micro.
In macro, if you see, corporate profits as a percentage of GDP are the lowest in 10 years. So, typically that will start to pick up from these levels.
Second, if you look at the micro, then corporate margins are the lowest in the last 18 years. So from these levels it is likely that these margins will again revert to mean. If they revert to mean over the next four years, we probably are going to see the earnings double.
So, probably, you are heading for another strong spell of earnings growth now.
ET Now: Part of the market is already pricing in a rate cut ahead of the rest of analyst expectations from the market or the RBI in fact. What is the sense that you are getting? Do you think the move in the Bank Nifty and the way the entire banking pack and the market is moving could also run a little bit into a risk because the market seems to be moving ahead of the fundamentals right now purely in terms of a rate expectation cut from the RBI?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Yes, we actually have been more optimistic on the rate cut than most of the consensus.
Our view is that the rate would cut in the early part of next year. So February is where we have a first rate cut built in, which is like ahead of what the street was expecting. The view was essentially linked to inflation. Like, if we see Indian inflation, it has a good correlation with the global commodity prices. Global commodity prices are coming down. So the chances are that the inflation will keep surprising on the downside.
The RBI has this 6% target for FY16 and at least for this year, we will probably see the inflation coming in below 6% before the end of this calendar year. So to that extent, the pressure will be on the RBI. They may choose to delay the rate cuts a bit. But if you see the G-Sec market, it is already building in a rate cut coming in. So if you see, some banks have already started cutting rates. To that extent, the interest rate cycle is headed down. Now, it has become a question of when does the RBI cut.
  ET Now: Is that the principle reason for the bullishness on the auto pack?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Over the last four-five years, sectors like pharma and software have play out very well. Our view is that we are now at a stage where we are going to start having the sector rotation come through.
There are two reasons why we are bullish on the auto pack. One, we think that the GDP growth is close to bottoming out. So probably, FY16 will be stronger than FY15, and FY17 will be stronger than FY16. So you have a GDP which after four-five years of downtrend is really going to go on uptrend.
Second is the interest rate. Basically you have seen 300 bps increases in interest rates in the last five years. The next few years will see interest rates getting cut. Autos is probably one of the best things we have been playing because when we do our cycle analysis, autos is the first one to start doing well when this sort of scenario builds up.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty Edges Higher to Close at New Record HighYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Struggle After Hitting Life Highs
NDTV | Updated On: November 03, 2014 13:04 (IST)
India Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
Indian markets struggled to hold on to their early gains which saw them setting fresh highs for the third straight day. The Sensex rose nearly 100 points in early trade, setting a new high of 27,969. Nifty rose to 8,350 to its day's high.
Putting pressure on the Sensex was auto stocks which came under selling pressure after disappointing October sales from many automakers. Hero MotoCorp, M&M, Bajaj Auto and Maruti were down between 1-2 per cent.
Some buying was seen in banking stocks, with SBI, Bank of Baroda and Axis Bank rising over 1 per cent.
Renewed buying from foreign institutional investors, announcement of reform measures and a rally in global markets have seen Indian markets rally in nine out of 10 previous sessions.
On Friday, the announcement of the surprise stimulus measures from Bank of Japan saw Sensex and Nifty rally nearly 2 per cent. It also triggered a rally in global markets on Friday. Besides that Indian markets saw foreign institutional investors buying nearly Rs 1,750 crore worth of domestic equities on Friday.
Gautam Shah, senior vice president at JM Financial Services, says the momentum is in favour of the bulls and Nifty could touch 8,450 in the immediate run. "The technical set-ups of the market at this point don't point out the market losing ground immediately," he adds. Mr Shah has a Nifty target of 8600 for the year-end.
Asian markets were mixed today with after data showed China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October as a cooling property sector weighed on demand, a survey showed on Monday, adding to signs of fragility in the world's second-largest economy.
The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 53.8 in October from September's 54.0, which was the weakest reading since January, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
At 12:57 pm, the Sensex was down 16 points to 27,849 while Nifty fell 7 points to 8,314.
(With Agency Inputs)

Sugal & Damani Share Brokers standalone net profit rises 300.00% in the September 2014 quarterSugal & Damani Share Brokers standalone net profit rises 300.00% in the September 2014 quarter
UK manufacturing growth accelerates unexpectedly in OctoberUK manufacturing growth accelerates unexpectedly in October
Key function of crashed Virgin spacecraft deployed early: investigatorsKey function of crashed Virgin spacecraft deployed early: investigators
Wipro to allot equity sharesWipro to allot equity shares
KEC International slumps after weak Q2 outcomeKEC International slumps after weak Q2 outcome
Bajaj Auto sales down 3 percent in OctoberBajaj Auto sales down 3 percent in October
Buy Godrej Properties with a target of Rs 268: Mitesh ThackerBuy Godrej Properties with a target of Rs 268: Mitesh Thacker
Auto Stocks Slump on October SalesAuto Stocks Slump on October Sales
Internal technical issues were cause of power outage: BangladeshInternal technical issues were cause of power outage: Bangladesh
PTI
Tweet
Dhaka, Nov 3:  
Bangladesh today said the worst nationwide power outage in recent years was not caused by a glitch in a transmission line from India but was the result of internal technical problems.
“There was no problem from India’s side, the 400 MW line had no problem, either. There was a transmission problem on our side,” Finance Minister AMA Muhith said after a meeting with the power division officials.
“Our transmission and distribution system is very poor, which caused the blackout,” Muhith was quoted as saying by bdnews24.
Officials earlier had said the power outage happened after the India-Bangladesh power inter-connecter experienced a “technical glitch” leading to failures throughout the national grid, with power plants and sub-stations shutting down.
An over 12-hour blackout left the capital Dhaka and other cities looking like ghost towns. Even Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina’s office and presidential palace were plunged into darkness.
But Muhith said the 400 KV line which pumps 450 MW power to Bangladesh’s national grid through the western Bheramara interconnector system should not be blamed for the outage.
Officials also said the tripping of the interconnector station, was too much for the “under frequency relay” system to prevent the blackout.
Bangladesh last year started importing electricity from India through the 400-kilovolt transmission line, which runs from Baharampur in West Bengal to the town of Bheramara in southwestern Bangladesh.
Former Director-General of the Power Cell and leading electricity expert BD Rahmatullah told PTI that “over the past years Bangladesh had put much effort into increasing generation volume, caring little about the transmission and distribution systems and Saturday’s debacle was the outcome of the poor transmission system”.
“Generation, transmission and distribution systems are equally important. But 60 per cent of the total investment was poured into generation alone in the past one decade,” he said.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Knitwear exports up 16% in H1Knitwear exports up 16% in H1
PTI
Tweet
Coimbatore, Nov 3:  
Knitwear garment exports from Tirupur have touched Rs 10,050 crore in the first six months of this fiscal, registering a 16 per cent increase over the figure of Rs 8,650 crore seen in the corresponding period in 2013-14.
“In Dollar terms, the growth is 13.35 per cent and is likely to touch Rs 21,000 crore during the course of the year,” A Shaktivel, President of Tirupur Exporters’ Association said in a release today.
“Export growth rate from Tirupur is also in the same league of all India garment exports growth rate,” he said while appreciating the “unstinted efforts” of Tirupur exporters in achieving the export figure.
The announcement on continuance of the existing schemes in new Foreign Trade Policy (expected by this month-end) and continuance of three per cent Interest Subvention scheme on packing credit with retrospective effect from April 1, will contribute to sustaining growth, he said.
However, the proposal of Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC) to increase power tariff to HT (high-tension) and LT (Low-tension) consumers by 30 per cent will have an adverse impact on exports, Shativel claimed.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Canon India EVP Alok Bharadwaj to head Singapore operationsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Canon India EVP Alok Bharadwaj to head Singapore operations
Navadha Pandey
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Canon India’s Executive Vice-President (EVP) Alok Bharadwaj will now head the company’s operations in Singapore, which is the headquarters of its South East and South Asian businesses, a company statement said on Monday.
It added that Canon India will have no direct successor to the position of EVP and the President and CEO of the company will continue to head India business operations.
From January 1, Bharadwaj will be heading the Corporate Strategy Group as Senior Vice-President and will be responsible for strategic business planning and execution as well as corporate communications for Canon’s South East and South Asian regional operations.
He will also be overseeing business development in emerging Asian markets in this region, the statement said.
Bharadwaj has spent over 13 years in leading Canon India’s business operations.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

HSBC sets aside $378 mn for forex probeHSBC sets aside $378 mn for forex probe
Reuters
Tweet
London, Nov 3:  
HSBC Holdings missed expectations with a 12 per cent drop in underlying third-quarter earnings and set aside $378 million to cover a potential fine from the UK regulator for alleged manipulation of currency markets.
Europe's largest bank blamed higher costs, up 6 per cent, for the slide in earnings. In addition to the forex probe, it set aside more money to cover the cost of compensating customers in Britain for mis-selling loan insurance and agreed a $550 million settlement with the U.S. Federal House Finance Agency.
The bank also said it had been summoned to appear before French magistrates over whether its Swiss private bank had helped French citizens to evade tax.
Analysts were expecting statutory pretax profits to rise by 16 per cent in the quarter compared with last year but they rose just 2 per cent to $4.6 billion. Shares fell more than 3 per cent when the results were announced.
The bank's $378 million provision for the forex probe is for a possible settlement with Britain's Financial Conduct Authority, which HSBC said had proposed a resolution of its investigation into alleged manipulation in the global currency markets.
HSBC is one of six banks in talks with UK regulators to pay about 1.5 billion pounds in a group settlement, sources have said.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

China pledges mergers  private investment in shipping industry reformChina pledges mergers, private investment in shipping industry reform
Reuters
Tweet
SHANGHAI, Nov 3:  
China has issued further guidance to support and modernise its shipping industry, saying it would encourage mergers and private investment as well as develop its cruise industry.
The world's biggest trading nation is focusing on the shipping industry as it grows more assertive over territorial disputes in the South China Sea, unnerving neighbours such as Vietnam and Japan, and looks to secure its supply chains.
It comes as the global shipping industry has been struggling to recover from a prolonged slump brought on by a glut of ships ordered before the global financial crisis of 2008/09. That has weighed on freight rates in recent years, resulting in heavy losses at firms such as China COSCO.
The Ministry of Transport laid out how it planned to implement reforms in a document on its website on Friday, saying it aimed to achieve most of its targets over the next four years. It first published a set of guidelines in September to support and develop its shipping industry.
Chinese shipping shares rose across the board on Monday in both Hong Kong and the mainland, led by the country's largest dry bulk shipper, state-backed China COSCO. Its Hong Kong-listed shares rose 4 per cent to its highest level since January 2013, while state-owned rival China Shipping Development's shares rose 1.57 per cent.
In the Oct. 31 document, the government said it would conduct research how to promote mergers and acquisitions between the industry's firms, with a view to encourage specialisation, and would also actively encourage mixed-ownership reform of its state-owned shipping firms.
Finance and insurance institutions would be asked to increase support for the shipping industry to help promote the development of the country's ship leasing and insurance sectors, with the aim of achieving results by 2015, it said.
Foreign companies would also be allowed to set up firms without Chinese joint venture partners in Shanghai's free trade zone, and qualified Chinese firms would be encouraged to expand their overseas businesses, it added.
China, which is looking to build its first luxury cruise ship with operator Carnival Corp, also aims to build up to three cruise home ports by 2020, and will start cruise transport pilot projects in Tianjin, Shanghai, Fujian and Hainan to expand its local network, the ministry added.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Sensex slips from fresh all-time highs; ends marginally in the redSensex ends flat after hitting record high
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
The Sensex and the Nifty snapped their four-day winning spree and ended near flat due to emergence of fresh selling in consumer durables and auto stocks amid weak European cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended at 27,860.38, down 5.45 points and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended at 8,324.15, up 1.95 points.
Among BSE sectoral indices, consumer durables stocks fell the most by 1.48 per cent, followed by auto 0.88 per cent, PSU 0.23 per cent and oil & gas 0.21 per cent. On the other hand, realty index was the star-performer and was up 3.61 per cent, followed by banking 0.46 per cent, healthcare 0.37 per cent and capital goods 0.29 per cent.
SSLT, Axis Bank, HDFC, ICICI Bank and Infosys were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while the top five losers were GAIL, M&M, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp and Maruti.
Indian shares hit a third consecutive record high on Monday but the gains fizzled out later in the session, with both indexes ending flat as automakers such as Tata Motors declined after the monthly sales fell.
Earlier in the session, the sentiment had been supported by a continued rally in lenders such as ICICI Bank due to expectations that the Reserve Bank of India would cut interest rates as early as its next policy reviews in December or February.
Airlines stock surges
Shares of airline companies surged as state-run oil marketing companies slashed jet fuel prices, according to local media reports.
Fuel charges contribute to nearly one-third of an airline's operational expenses - analyst with a local brokerage said.
Jet Airways Ltd was up 3.53 per cent and SpiceJet gained 6.75 per cent.
Auto stocks skid
Shares of auto companies fell after the October sales numbers were below some analysts' estimates.
Hero MotoCorp fell 1.66 per cent and Mahindra and Mahindra was down 2.67 per cent. Maruti Suzuki India Ltd was down 1.58 per cent, while Tata Motors was down 0.84 per cent.
Maruti reported a 1.1 per cent fall in October sales, while Mahindra reported a 15 per cent fall in sales.
According to Kotak Securities, auto manufacturers reported weak despatches in October. "We believe automobile growth is likely to moderate to low-single digits over the next few months,'' it said.
A report by Equentis Capital said: "India’s economy is expected to continue its growth story intact in long-term. Liberalisation of Indian economy could open opportunities in service, infrastructure and manufacturing sectors. Positive efforts by the government in direction to make India as a better investment destination is clearly visible trying to keep foreign money in the country. Earlier growth-oriented tie-ups with other Asian and global countries by the government will surely help India to achieve better than expected economical growth in coming years."
Markets closed
Trading will be truncated this week as the stock market will remain closed tomorrow, November 4, on account of Muharram. Also, there will be no trading on Thursday on account of Gurunanak Jayanti.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth Rs 1,754.73 crore last Friday.
European shares
European stocks were down, after this year’s biggest weekly rally, as investors weighed an increase in mergers and acquisitions activity.
Stoxx 50 was down 7.43 points or 0.24 per cent at 3,105.89 and FTSE 100 was down 8.47 points or 0.13 per cent at 6,538.
Asian stocks slipped from a one-month high after gauges of China’s manufacturing and services industries showed signs of a broadening slowdown in the world’s second-largest economy.
On the macro front, disappointing surveys out of China's manufacturing and services sectors will weigh on investor sentiment.
Data showed China's economy lost further momentum heading into the fourth quarter as a cooling property market weighed on activity and export demand softened. However, a fresh dip in the euro against the dollar was set to reassure investors about the profit outlook for European exporters.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

HSBC sets aside $1.6bn  misses forecastsLast updated: November 3, 2014 10:43 am
HSBC sets aside $1.6bn as it misses forecasts for third quarter
Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c02b9bce-6333-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stores Already Presenting Their Holiday Dealsstores already presenting their holiday deals
Sensex snaps 4-day winning spree  eases 76 ptsMARKET UPDATE: Sensex slips after hitting new high, Nifty ends flat
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 17:37 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Sensex on Monday hit new life high of 27,969.82 but lost all gains to end about 5 points lower at 27,860.38 on profit booking in bluechips after a four-day strong rally.
The NSE Nifty, however, settled 1.95 points higher at new record close of 8,324.15, surpassing previous peak of 8322.20.
Traders said markets are seen consolidating their gains over the previous week's stupendous gains.
The 30-share Sensex, which had gained over 1,112 points in the previous four sessions, commenced on a strong footing and soared to hit new lifetime high of 27,969.82.
However, the BSE barometer retreated from record highs due to profit-booking in recent performers and slipped into negative zone to hit the day's low of 27,785.40. It finally settled at 27,860.38, down 5.45 points, or 0.02 per cent over the previous close of 27,865.83.
The BSE benchmark index had ended at all-time closing high of 27,865.83 and had also hit intra-day high of 27,894.32 on Friday.
The 50-scrip NSE Nifty after breaching all previous records, today hit yet another high of 8,350.60 and finally ended with a daily gain of 1.95 points, or 0.02 per cent, at 8,324.15. During the session, it dipped below the 8,300 mark to touch a low of 8,297.65. The gauge on Friday had scaled previous life-time (intra-day) high of 8,330.75.
Provisional data released by exchanges showed overseas investors bought shares worth net Rs 1754.73 crore on Friday.
Among 30 Sensex components, 18 stocks led by GAIL, CIL, ITC, NTPC, ONGC and BHEL ended down while 12 others were up.
"Realty, Media and PSU Banks remained the best performing sectors while Auto, Energy and Pharma stocks saw selling pressure. We are seeing some consolidation in markets amidst some profit booking, mixed global cues..." said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
In autos, Maruti Suzuki, M&M, Bajaj Auto, Tata Motors and Hero MotoCorp were among losers after monthly sales reports.
Sectorally, the BSE Consumer Durables index suffered the most by falling 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto index (0.88 pc), PSU index (0.23 pc) and Oil & Gas index (0.21 pc).
There was mixed trend in other Asian markets after data showed China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October. Europe also saw a lower opening.

Google  Apple most  in-demand  employersGoogle, Apple most 'in-demand' employers: LinkedIn
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 14:07 IST
Google is the world's most sought after employer in the world, followed by Apple and Unilever in the second and third places, respectively, according to a report by professional networking site LinkedIn.
The 'World's 100 Most InDemand Employers: 2014' was based on billions of interactions from LinkedIn's over 300 million members.
No Indian company made it to the coveted list, however, a significant number of them do have their presence in the country.
The list was dominated by American companies with as many as 63 'in-demand' companies were headquartered in the US.
Moreover, eight of the top 10 most sought after employers in the world are US based.
Besides Google , Apple and Unilever, other companies in the top 10 list include Microsoft (fourth), Facebook (fifth), Amazon (sixth), Procter & Gamble (seventh), GE (eighth), Nestle (ninth) and PepsiCo (10th).
A sector-wise analysis showed that the top three sectors that dominated the list include technology, telecom and media; followed by retail and consumer products and oil and energy.
As per the LinkedIn survey, around 15 per cent of in demand companies have fewer than 5,000 employees. The employee count for each company was based on the number of member profiles on LinkedIn associated with the company.
As per the report the top three smallest companies by number of employees are Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation with 1,622 employees, Airbnb (1,836) and Netflix (1,906).
In order to calculate the winners LinkedIn analysed over 10 billion data points between members and companies and compared the data with surveys of thousands of members to determine a company's "familiarity and engagement score".
"The analysis also weighted member actions like viewing employee profiles, visiting Company Pages and following companies," LinkedIn said.

GAIL Extends LNG Ship Deadline by Over One MonthYou are here: Home Corporates
GAIL Extends LNG Ship Deadline by Over One Month
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 14:26 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi:
GAIL (India) Ltd, the nation's biggest natural gas distributor, has extended by over a month the deadline for submission of bids for 9 newly built LNG ships it wants to hire to transport liquid gas from the US.
In a notice, GAIL said the last date for bidding has been extended till December 4 from October 30 previously.
The company has asked ship builders to quote daily hire charges for the freshly built LNG tankers in lots of three. It has conditioned that one ship out of every lot of three ships each would be built in India.
In the tender, GAIL has given Indian shipbuilders six years to deliver the ships as opposed to two-and-half year deadline for foreign firms.
Worldwide, about 379 LNG ships are operating and another 105 ships are being built/ordered. The specialised carriers are mostly built in South Korea and Japan by companies such as Samsung and Daewoo.
In recent years, China has also started making LNG ships.
In two deals, GAIL has contracted 5.8 million tonnes per annum of LNG from US for 20 years, beginning 2017-18. It has to arrange for ships for transportation of the liquefied natural gas (LNG). Transportation of 5.8 million tonnes a year of LNG would require 9 vessels.
As GAIL is also exploring the possibility of swapping as well as marketing part of the LNG in international markets, exact number of ships would be decided at the time of award.
According to the tender document, each of the LNG ships will be registered as a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) for ownership and management of such vessel.
The tender conditions provide that both GAIL and Shipping Corp of India (SCI) will have the option to take equity ownership in each SPV to the extent of up to 10 per cent and 26 per cent, respectively.
The ships will, however, remain under long-term charter with GAIL, irrespective of its equity participation in the SPVs. After the charter hire period, the SPVs will be free to deploy the ships elsewhere.
GAIL and SCI had in June last year signed MoU for transportation of US LNG.
The MoU has provisions that SCI will help GAIL in charter hiring of LNG ships and the gas utility shall offer the national flag carrier a step-in right of up to 26 per cent equity ownership in all the LNG ships to be chartered by GAIL for supporting its US LNG volumes.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 14:22 (IST)

Google announces Indian Language Internet Al...Google announces Indian Language Internet Alliance, aims for 500 million internet users by 2017
Mehak Chawla, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 02.16PM IST
Tags:
Google
(Google voice search and…)
Stressing the need for Indian language content on the Internet, Google's India MD, Rajan Anandan has today announced the Indian Language Internet Alliance . Anandan also said that Google aims to get 500 million internet users in India by 2017. In an effort to promote local language content on the internet, Google also announced its Hindi Voice Search. It also launched the website hindiWeb.com, which shall offer curated content in Hindi.
With this announcement, Google voice search and Knowledge Graph suggestions will be available in Hindi with the option of multiple Hindi fonts available at Google.com/fonts . Stuff like Keyboard Predictions in Hindi, already available on Android One devices shall also be extended.
Google has been investing significant marketing efforts and energy in India. In September, it launched its Android One devices with standardized hardware, stock Android experience and timely updates. Though the devices are all priced above the mental barrier of Rs 5000, Google expects to break into the extremely lucrative low end smartphone segment with its Android One offerings. And if we needed more testimony, it lies in the fact that Sundar Pichai, now widely claimed as one of the top contenders for the top job in Google came to India to kick off the Android One journey.
With its voice search and translation now available in Hindi, Google has taken a definitive step in the Indian internet landscape. India has 19.8 crore English speakers, almost all of them online, Anandan said today. Regional language content will go a long way in getting the next wave of users online.
Stressing the need for local language content, Amit Singhal, the man behind Google Search, who also gave his presentation in Hindi said that mobile is the future of search.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Boat sinks off Bosphorus; 24 dead  7rescuedPrint
By: Associated Press | Istanbul | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:43 pm
A boat carrying suspected migrants from Afghanistan and Syria sank Monday just north of the Bosphorus Strait off the coast of Istanbul, leaving at least 24 people dead. Seven people were rescued, Turkish authorities said.
Coast guard vessels, divers and passing fishing boats were scanning the waters for more survivors. It was unclear how many people had been on the boat.
The coast guard command’s press office said 24 bodies had been recovered, and seven people had been rescued. It was not immediately clear what caused the vessel to sink.
Col. Sakir Cicek, of the Turkish military’s general staff command in the capital Ankara, said the people on board were believed to be from Afghanistan and Syria. He said it was unclear where the vessel had set sail from.
The Istanbul governorship office said the boat had issued a distress call early Monday morning about three miles (5 kilometers) north of the Bosphorus Strait in the Black Sea.
Seven coast guard vessels, a team of divers, one helicopter, two police vessels and numerous fishing boats were assisting in the search-and-rescue operation

Delhi: BJP may bat for fresh polls  L-G Jung meets parties on govt formationComments
Delhi is likely to have elections soon as leaders from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Congress and AAP informed lieutenant governor (L-G) Najeeb Jung on Monday they still did not have the numbers to form a government.
Party leaders met Jung though the day to discuss the possibility of forming a government in Delhi which has been under President’s Rule since the Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) government quit in February after being in office for 49 days.
 
“L-G held consultations with the leaders of the three political parties to explore the possibility of government formation. All the parties expressed their inability to form the government,” said an official statement from the L-G’s office.
Jung announced plans to look at forming a government after the Supreme Court last week slammed the Centre and the L-G over what it termed the “Delhi deadlock”.
Delhi has been gripped by political uncertainty for about eight months, with none of the three parties in a position to form a government. The BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) have 29 MLAs in the 70-member House, down from 32 after three legislators were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, and the Congress eight.
The BJP is likely to have an edge in Delhi following its impressive wins in the Lok Sabha and recent assembly elections.
  
BJP sources said they want to go for fresh elections in February and form a government with a clear majority. A BJP delegation led by its Delhi president, Satish Upadhyay, and senior leader and MLA Jagdish Mukhi were the first to meet Jung on Monday.
“We have made our stand clear to the lieutenant governor. Our party has been maintaining since the beginning that we will not indulge in any kind of manipulation,” said Upadhyay.
Congress legislator Haroon Yusuf also told Jung that his party wanted the Delhi assembly dissolved. “We have been consistent on our stand that no party has numbers to give a stable government in Delhi and this is what we told the L-G also. We recommended that the house should immediately be dissolved and fresh elections be announced in the Capital,” he told reporters after meeting Jung.
While speculation about Congress MLAs breaking away from the party to support the AAP and BJP was rife, the Congress party managed to keep its flock together in the past few months.
 
The AAP, which has repeatedly accused the BJP of trying to poach its legislators to form the government in Delhi, reiterated it was in favour of elections.
“Our stand is what it was eight months ago. We want the Delhi assembly to be dissolved,” said AAP leader Manish Sisodia  after meeting Jung along with Kejriwal.

Gold  silver fall by Rs 200 on global cuesGold, silver prices fall by Rs 200 on global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 16:40 IST
Photo: Reuters
Tracking a weak trend overseas and low demand from domestic jewellers and retailers, gold prices plunged by Rs 200 to Rs 26,350 per ten gram in the national capital on Monday. In addition, diversion of funds towards the record breaking domestic equity markets weighed on the precious metal prices, bullion traders said.
Silver also eased by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers. Weakening trend in global markets where gold dropped to four-year low after the US Federal Reserve's decided to end its bullion friendly bond-buying programme and fall in demand from jewellers and retailers, mainly led to a fall in gold and silver prices, they said.
Gold in Singapore, which normally set price trend on the domestic front, fell 1 per cent to $1,161.75 an ounce and Silver lost 2.4 per cent to $15.77 an ounce, the lowest since February 2010.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 200 each to Rs 26,350 and Rs 26,150 per ten gram respectively. Sovereign followed suit and declined by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
In a similar fashion, silver ready declined by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 460 to Rs 35,340 per kg. Silver coins nosedived by Rs 1,000 to Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces following end of festive season.

Jet Airways shares tank 5% on NSE on profit booking  shareholders clear Etihad dealE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tracking Sensex: Top five losers  gainers this weekE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Weekly review: Market snaps five-week rally  Sensex  Nifty tank 3%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Puravankara Projects promoters share sale via OFS oversubscribed 1.46xE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Market stares at Rs 7 100 crore of IPOs after Just Dial successE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

BSE Sensex up 123 pts in early trade; RIL surges 1.48 pcE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Haryana elections results: BJP celebrates as Narendra Modi juggernaut rolls over oppnHaryana elections results: BJP celebrates as Narendra Modi juggernaut rolls over oppn
Sun Oct 19 2014, 16:38 hrs
BJP workers celebrating the party's victory in the Assembly polls in Rohtak. (PTI) (Read full story)
BJP women workers celebrating party's victory in the Assembly elections in Rohtak. (PTI)
BJP workers offer sweets to a poster of PM Narendra Modi while celebrating the party victory in the Assembly polls in Gurgaon. (PTI)
BJP supporters celebrating the party's victory in Haryana and Maharashtra Assembly elections, in New Delhi. (PTI)
A deserted view at the INLD office after the party's poor show in Haryana elections, in New Delhi. (PTI)
Empty chairs at Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) office after the party's poor show in Haryana elections, in New Delhi. (PTI)
Reader´s Comments

Maharashtra  Haryana Assembly elections: By the numbersMaharashtra, Haryana Assembly elections: By the numbers
Mon Oct 20 2014, 16:05 hrs
Riding the crest of a Narendra Modi wave, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is set to form government in Maharashtra for the first time on its own with surprise "outside support" from NCP as the Assembly poll threw up a hung House with the party emerging a clear winner but falling short of a majority. (Graph: PTI)
BJP's gamble of walking out of the alliance with 'big brother' Shiv Sena paid off as it secured 122 seats in the 288-member assembly, three more than the 119 offered by the erstwhile partner before the split and 76 more than what it had got in 2009. (Graph: PTI)
Stamping its authority in Haryana politics, the BJP today stormed to power in the state, getting a majority on its own for the first time, dislodging Congress and equally decimating Indian National Lok Dal. (Graph: PTI)
Riding the Narendra Modi wave, which had swept Haryana in the Lok Sabha elections helping BJP bag seven of the eight seats it contested, the saffron party finished with a tally of 47, one more than the required majority in the 90-member assembly. (Graph: PTI)
Reader´s Comments

India s GDP  Bharti Infratel  Hindustan Unilever  BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty  Gold price  more on October 27  2014India's GDP, Bharti Infratel, Hindustan Unilever, BSE Sensex, NSE Nifty, Gold price, more on October 27, 2014
Mon Oct 27 2014, 21:16 hrs
India's GDP is likely to expand by 5.6 per cent this fiscal as reforms gain momentum and the growth is expected to accelerate as proposed measures such as GST will give a boost to manufacturing sector, a World Bank report said today. Graph: PTI
Tower firm Bharti Infratel today reported a 68 per cent jump in consolidated net profit at Rs 465 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 on the back of increased number of tenants on towers. Graph: PTI
FMCG giant Hindustan Unilever (HUL) today reported a 8.13 per cent increase in standalone net profit at Rs 988.16 crore for the second quarter ended September 30. Graph: PTI
Indian rupee through the day against US dollar. The Indian rupee today snapped a four-session rally and softened by three paise to end at 61.30 against the Greenback on dollar demand from oil importers amid weakness in local equities. Graph: PTI
Indian rupee vs US dollar. A better dollar overseas ahead of two-day monetary policy meeting of the US Federal Reserve starting tomorrow and slowing capital inflows also weighed negatively on the market. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex Intraday Movement. The benchmark Sensex today retreated from one-month highs and fell about 98 points to end at 26,752.90, logging its first drop in six sessions, on losses in bluechips like HUL, Tata Motors and RIL and caution ahead of the US Federal Reserve monetary policy meet. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex: Top Gainers, Top Losers. The NSE Nifty fell by about 23 points to end below the key 8,000-level as investors booked profits. Mixed Asian and weak European trends, after tepid German business confidence data, were also among factors that affected sentiments today. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty throughout the day. Shares of oil firms saw selling after Goldman Sachs slashed 2015 oil price target. Alongwith Oil & Gas, Realty, FMCG and Auto shares suffered the most while Consumer Durables, Capital Goods, Banking and Power ended in the green. Graph: PTI
Gold and silver prices. Gold prices dropped sharply at the domestic bullion market on the back of heavy unwinding by stockists and investors amid sluggish demand outlook. Graph: PTI
Winter Session of Parliament. Graph: PTI
Reader´s Comments

Relief Watch  3 other Chicago businesses advance in 1776 competition0
On Wednesday, Yu took stock of his good fortune, having advanced in a global startup competition that will take him to Washington D.C. next spring. Relief Watch was among four Chicago winners in Challenge Cup 2015, which seeks businesses that offer solutions to challenges in the education, heath, energy and cities spaces. The competition is run by startup booster and investment fund 1776, based in Washington D.C.
The Chicago competition took place at tech incubator 1871, where 35 companies pitched their products and services to a panel of judges, who narrowed the field to eight and then selected the four winners. They were: Packback, which rents digital textbooks, in the education category; SmarterShade, creator of technology that darkens windows on demand, in the energy category; The Guard Llama, which reports profile and GPS data to authorities in cases of emergency, in the cities category; and Relief Watch in the health category.
They will be among 64 startups to participate in May in the 1776 Challenge Festival, a week-long program in Washington D.C. that gives companies an opportunity to pitch investors, to compete for prizes and funding and to connect with new mentors, corporations and policymakers.
Donna Harris, 1776 co-founder and CEO, said the program aims to provide resources to companies that work to improve global conditions.
“We can do amazing things like post pictures to Instagram or chat with our friends, yet we cannot access health care and energy and transportation in ways that take advantage of these new technologies,” she said. “We think entrepreneurs are tackling these issues. We can support those entrepreneurs, no matter where they come from in the world.”
The program offers training and connections with companies in the category fields, said Feyi Olopade, co-founder of CancerIQ, last year’s winner in the overall health category.
“It was almost like a mini incubator for a week,” she said.
Yu of Relief Watch said his company next week will start working with Heart to Heart International, which runs clinics in Liberia treating Ebola victims.
“I’m excited about the opportunity to go to D.C. and (about) the support,” Yu said. “A lot of the organizations that we want to work with are in D.C.”

Analyst Corner: Outperform on PI Industries  target Rs 460  says Standard CharteredE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Analyst Corner: Outperform on Yes Bank  target Rs 825  says IDFC Institutional SecuritiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

News from the East lifts marketsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

NBFCs hope for time from RBI to adhere to tougher regulationsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cash-rich Ola set to expand in 100 cities by 2016  eyes small townsComments
Taxi service aggregator Ola (formerly Olacabs), which recently raised $210 million (Rs 1,309 crore) funding from Japan’s SoftBank Corp and existing investors, plans to scale up operations to 100 cities from the current 19. The company, which is eyeing small towns for growth, also plans to invest in driver eco-system, such as training centres and technology upgrade.
Ola has so far raised about $277 million from four rounds of funding.
“We want to expand more rapidly than what we have been doing in the past. By the end of 2015-16, we want to be present in 100 cities across India,” Bhavish Aggarwal, co-founder of Ola, told HT.
Aggarwal, a computer science engineer from IIT-Bombay, co-founded Ola with batchmate Ankit Bhati, in 2011.
The company, which competes with the likes of TaxiforSure and Uber, hosts around 33,000 cabs on its platform. It doesn’t own cabs and doesn’t recruit drivers, but connects customers with cab operators via its mobile application.
Other cab services such as Meru, which is present in several cities, is also its key competitor.
Ola refused to share its earnings figures.
In October itself, the company added six-seven cities, Aggarwal said. He added that the limited availability of public transport in small towns offers the company an oppurtunity for growth.
However, it’s not just expansion that Ola is focused on.
“We are a technology company. So apart from expansion, we will use large part of the money to also upgrade our technology and enhance our back-end infrastructure. We will also be investing in driver eco-system,” he said.
It will look at driver training programmes and also aims to make it easier for drivers to become entrepreneurs by connecting them with car manufacturers, insurance providers and financial institutions to make the process of buying a car, taking a loan etc. easier.
Post the funding this week, Nikesh Arora, vice-chairman of SoftBank will get a board seat on Ola.
Aggarwal said Arora and SoftBank will bring their international insights and experiences, which will help Ola in improving its business much more.

Market surge: More Rs 1 lakh cr giants created in India Inc; Maruti Suzuki biggest gainerMarket surge: More Rs 1 lakh cr giants created in India Inc; Maruti Suzuki biggest gainer
Sandeep Singh | New Delhi | Updated:  Nov 01 2014, 15:44  IST
Nov 01 2014, 15:44  IST
 

Two stories  one pastUpdated: November 2, 2014 17:58 IST
Two stories, one past
The History Project team: Shared histories.
TOPICS
non-fiction
A team of students has come up with a history textbook that highlights the commonality and contrasts in perception.
We share a long history with Pakistan, but do we study the same versions on both sides of the border? Apparently not. To tackle this issue, three young Pakistanis formed The History Project in 2011, where they collaborated with a group of volunteers from across the border to write a history textbook that is objective and neutral. The group is now working on their second textbook.
The Indian and Pakistani students, who met at Seeds of Peace in 2005 in Maine, USA, an annual camp for youngsters from countries of conflict, were faced with a problem. “They came across two completely contrasting versions of the shared history in their textbooks.
Tempers soared and they realised the underlying baggage of hatred and animosity that young Indians and Pakistanis harbour.
They couldn’t reconcile the narratives in that short time, but did learn to respect the existence of another side to the story,” says Lavanya Julaniya, one of the Indian editors of the project.
When Ayyaz Ahmed, Qasim Aslam and Zoya Siddiqui began to trace the roots of this animosity, they realised that some of it arose from what is taught to children in school textbooks.
“When Ayyaz came back to Pakistan after completing his bachelor’s degree, Qasim and he decided to do something about it. One of the first things they saw was that previous attempts were shot down as an Indian or a Pakistani conspiracy.
So, they got friends from India and Pakistan in one room, had them discuss the issue and recruited them in equal numbers to take a stand,” says Lavanya.
Stories juxtaposed
After months of research and refining, the team decided to create a history textbook with engaging illustrations, where both sides of the story were placed side by side. “The first book aimed at events, starting with the 1857 revolt up to Independence and formation of Kashmir,” she adds. The book was launched in 2013, in Mumbai. “We visited schools in Mumbai and Lahore to drive forth the idea that there is always another side to a story and that anything that is taught is open to questioning. Essentially, The History Project researches history textbooks and places narratives of trans-national, shared histories to highlight the commonality of our past and the contrast in its perception. We introduce questions to highlight embedded biases and activities geared towards understanding competing perspectives,” explains Lavanya.
With editors on both sides, the team designed workshop modules in classrooms to introduce the book. “We targeted classes VI to X because that’s an impressionable age group. We took the book to four schools in Mumbai and it was a success!” she says. The children were awestruck by the different versions of the same history. “These were not just the most powerful but also the most enabling moments. In the workshops, we had a game in which the students had to come up with words to describe a particular name. Partition during Independence was portrayed as ‘tragic’ in the Indian context while the Pakistani textbooks saw it as a ‘happy’ event that led to ‘freedom’.”
Personalities
The main endeavour of the project is to get children to question not just history but everything they learn. Recently, the group has begun work on its second history book. “This will look at how key personalities on both sides of the border are viewed,” says Lavanya. The book is being worked on in collaboration with fellows of the Young India Fellowship. “For this book we chose six personalities — Mahatma Gandhi, Jawaharlal Nehru, Mohammed Ali Jinnah, Sir Syed Ahmed Khan, Iqbal Masih and Bal Gangadhar Tilak. We had to be mindful of several factors while choosing these six — equal numbers of personalities from both ends and those who were instrumental in the Indian freedom struggle. We were also careful in choosing equal number of educational boards (Punjabi Pakistani Board and Cambridge Board from Pakistan and CBSE and ICSE from India). We excluded Indian textbooks for classes XI and XII because arts is offered in very few schools post-class X and even fewer students pursue history at that level.” The team hopes to launch the book by mid-2015.
Apart from this, The History Project is in the process of registering as an NGO and is working on two more books focusing on Indo-Pak issues. They are also looking at expanding to Israel and Palestine by the end of 2015. Visit them at www.thehistory-project.org.

Googles Project Ara: Piece together your AndroidE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: Less taxing solutionsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Column: RBI policy hurting manufacturingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Our focus is in line with Indias digital vision: Christian Hedelin  EricssonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The changing consumer behaviour in a digital economyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Microsoft jumps into the growing market for wearablesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Analytics for effective decision makingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Smartening up for smart citiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

UK trip to be Cyrus Mistrys litmus testE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Cameron opts out to stay inDavid Cameron opts out to keep Britain at heart of Europe
Robert Shrimsley
UK PM’s growing aggression is likely to make for tricky talks with incoming commission president
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/89088d16-5e9f-11e4-b81d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

At G20 meet  govt aims to place jobs  development on topE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

In pics:  Kiss of love  campaign meets wall of cops  fails to take offComments
The much-hyped 'Kiss of Love' event set to take place in Kochi on Sunday, failed to take off as police detained the organisers and sympathisers, including women, even before they could reach the venue of the symbolic protest against moral policing. Just as the march began at around 4pm, the police team led by DCP (Law and Order), R Nishantini, took the organisers and sympathisers into custody and bundled them into a police van as they raised slogans against moral policing.
Protesters on Sunday blocked roads leading to Kochi’s Marine Drive, the venue for ‘Kiss of Love’ — a mass-kissing campaign against alleged moral policing by right-wing groups. (PTI Photo)
Though organisers had claimed that 5000 activists would take part in the event many pro-kiss activists backed out at the eleventh hour fearing violence. (HT Photo)
50-odd activists were planning to march towards Marine Drive the venue of the event when they were stopped by the police. (PTI Photo)
Since morning many anti-kiss drive activists had swarmed Marine Drive and assembled at vantage points insisting that they won’t allow the event come what may. (PTI Photo)
The police detained the organisers and sympathisers, including women, even before they could reach the venue of the symbolic protest against moral policing. (HT Photo)
A police team led by DCP (Law and Order), R Nishantini, took the organisers and sympathisers into custody and bundled them into a police van.(HT Photo)

Wagah attack in Pak a  dastardly act of terrorism : PM Narendra ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Sensex  Nifty surge to lifetime highs on capital inflows  global cuesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

British man charged in Hong Kong double killingUpdated: November 3, 2014 10:39 IST
British man charged in Hong Kong double killing
AP
Tweet
AP Rurik George Caton Jutting, right, is escorted by a police officer in an police van before appearing in a court in Hong Kong Monday on Nov. 3, 2014. Hong Kong police said on Monday that they had charged the 29-year-old man with killing two women, including one whose body was found inside a suitcase on the balcony of the man's upscale apartment.
VIDEO
arrest
Police said the 29-year-old-man had asked them to investigate the case early on Saturday at the apartment in Hong Kong’s Wan Chai nightlife and red light district.
The man appeared in court on Monday, and a court document listed his name as Rurik George Caton Jutting and his nationality as British. Local media reports said he worked in the banking industry, and Bank of America Merrill Lynch spokesman Paul Scanlon said on Sunday that a person with that name had worked at the bank until recently.
According to a police statement, officers rushed to the man’s apartment, where they found an unconscious woman, aged 25-30, with cuts to her neck and buttocks. She was pronounced dead at the scene.
While investigating, police found a suitcase on the balcony containing the body of a dead woman who had sustained neck injuries and had died a few days earlier, the statement said.
A court document said a woman named Sumarti Ningsih was killed on Oct. 27, which indicates she was the woman whose body was found in the suitcase. The other woman’s name was unknown.
During the brief court appearance, the two murder charges were read to Mr. Jutting, who was wearing black pants and a black T-shirt. He was remanded into custody until Nov. 10.
Police said they seized a knife at the apartment, located in Hong Kong’s upscale J Residence building, a 40-story apartment tower.
The case is the most high profile involving an expatriate in Hong Kong since the 2003 “Milkshake Murder” case, in which American expatriate housewife Nancy Kissel was convicted of bludgeoning her high-flying banker husband to death after giving him a strawberry milkshake laced with a sedative.

India manufacturing activity expands at modest pace to 51.6 in OctoberE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gadgets to keep watch on in the coming daysStory
The Second Coming
A lot is going on in the tech world that one should keep an eye on in coming months.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: Nov 9, 2014
Apple iPad Air 2
The last two months have been crazy in the technology world. Talk about any flagship gadget announced recently, and it has been launched in India. The list includes the much-awaited Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, Samsung Galaxy Note 4, Sony Xperia Z3, BlackBerry Passport, Motorola 360, among others. The tech space is showing no signs of slowing down in the coming months too. While most of the action happened in the smartphone space, there is a lot coming up as far as wearables, tablets and cameras go.
Apple iPad Air 2
The latest version of iPad continues to shed its waistline and is sleek at 6.1 mm. To be launched in India shortly at a price of Rs 35,900 for 16 GB Wi-Fi, it has a new A8 processor, along with the M8 co-processor, and runs on iOS 8.1. The new iSight 8 MP camera is at the back. The 9.7-inch screen is the same, but is now referred to as a new Retina display.
HTC RE
HTC RE
Looking beyond smartphones, HTC has now entered the consumer camera space. The HTC RE is a cylindrical camera featuring a 16 MP, 1/2.3-inch CMOS sensor with a 146-degree wide angle. The camera will work with the RE app for Android and iOS devices. Packing an 820 mAh battery, HTC claims it's good enough to capture 1,200 16 MP photos or one hour, 40 minutes of continuous video recording in full HD resolution. Priced at $199.99 in the international market, the RE will hit India in November first week.
Sony SmartBand Talk & SmartWatch 3
Sony SmartBand Talk & SmartWatch 3
Sony has launched sequels to its wearable devices, the SmartBand SWR10 and the SmartWatch 2, in the form of the SmartBand Talk and the SmartWatch 3. The SmartBand Talk includes a speaker and mic for answering calls from the phone. There is a 1.4-inch e-ink display for interacting with the device. With SmartWatch 3, Sony has forayed into Android Wear devices. It has a 1.6-inch display, 320x320 pixel resolution, 4 GB of internal storage, an accelerometer, a compass and a gyroscope.
HTC Desire Eye
HTC Desire Eye
This new smartphone marks HTC's entry into the water resistant domain. It has a 13 MP 'selfie' camera at the front and another 13 MP camera at the rear. The BSI sensors onboard capture crisp photos. HTC has added an intelligent dual-LED flash on both cameras and claims it works well even in low-light conditions. There is a 5.2-inch full HD display, along with a 2.3 GHz Snapdragon 801 quad core processor, 2 GB of RAM and 16 GB onboard storage. Hopefully, it would have hit India by the time you read this.
HP Envy X2
HP Envy X2
While the laptop space isn't as exciting as it used to be, the Envy X2, HP's recent offering, looks promising. Taking a cue from the Microsoft Surface Pro design, the Envy X2 has a detachable backlit Bluetooth keyboard. It will be available in two sizes - 13.3 inches and 15.6 inches. It will make its US debut in November, but will take some time to reach the Indian shores.
Apple Watch
Apple Watch
Apple claims it to be the most personal device the company has ever created. Available in two sizes - 1.5 inches and 1.65 inches - the watch has a square face made of sapphire glass. The Digital Crown offers an innovative way to scroll, zoom and navigate. Starting at $349, the watch will only go on sale in the US in early 2015. It's too early to say when it will come to India and at what price.
Windows 10
Windows 10
Here is a first look at Microsoft's Windows 10 operating system. This new OS will bring back the familiar Start menu along with a new customisable space of adding favourite apps and live tiles. Four apps will be snapped on the same screen with a new quadrant layout. While the Windows 10 OS will hit the markets later in 2015, its technical preview can be downloaded.
Samsung 105-inch Flexible 4k LED TV
Samsung 105-inch Flexible 4k LED TV
Earlier this year, Samsung unveiled a 105-inch curved LED TV. Recently, the company launched a bendable version of the same size. The 105-inch Flexible 4k LED TV bends [on command] from flat to curved. The display brightness is impeccable across the board and the device produces remarkable, vibrant colours. Galaxy redesigned It isn't a flagship smartphone, yet the design makes it one.

54 killed  200 wounded in Pakistan suicide attack at Wagah BorderE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Shah Rukh Khan s Happy New Year smashes box office collections recordsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fury movie review: Battle WearyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Euro slips after manufacturing dataUS dollar surges after strong data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d44c9b0-6308-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex on track for 30 000 levels; banks  autos  FMCG to lead rallyYou are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
Sensex on track to hit 30,000 levels soon; banks, autos, FMCG to lead rally
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 02.37PM IST
Tags:
Angel Broking
("Sensex momentum is likely…)
The Sensex movement will depend on earnings growth going forward. Attributing a 16.5x multiple to our FY2016E Sensex EPS, we have arrived at a target of 30,393 for the Sensex in the next 12 months, says Dinesh Thakkar, CMD at Angel Broking, in an exclusive interview Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com. Excerpts:
Q) The Indian markets managed to hit fresh record highs in October itself. Do you think the momentum is likely to continue? And, if yes, what is your target for the Sensex and the Nifty for December-end and for next the 12 months?
We believe that the Sensex momentum is likely to continue due to strong earnings growth going forward. Overall, we expect the Sensex EPS to report a growth of 15.8 per cent in FY2015 and 19.5 per cent in FY2016 with an upward bias.
Attributing a 16.5x multiple to our FY2016E Sensex EPS, we have arrived at a target of 30,393 for the Sensex, implying an upside of 10 per cent from the present levels with a 12-month horizon.
Q) The US Federal Reserve might have done away with the QE, but Europe and Japan might be in line to begin their own rounds of quantitative easing. Do you think India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue? If yes, then why?
Japan has already done quantitative easing and Europe is also expected to do it. We believe that India will be a big beneficiary of that and the flow of liquidity will continue owing to India's strongest prospects structurally, especially with Modi as the leader, to attract higher share of global portfolio flows.
Q) What is going on with the rupee? The Indian currency near its two-week low on the back of strong dollar. Where do you see the currency headed in the near term?
We expect the Indian currency to be stable in the near term due to strong capital inflows and we also expect gradual depreciation of the rupee by 2-3 per cent in line with our higher inflation target in the longer term.
Q) What do you think will be the next big trigger for the markets? Will it be reforms, interest rate cut or the Budget that will drive the next wave for the markets?
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) have been continuously making efforts to bring down inflation, which is now beginning to yield results. Lower crude oil prices and stable currency have aided in easing of inflationary pressures.
Going forward, we expect inflation to continue trending lower as the RBI's tight policy as well as the government's decision of measured 4-5 per cent hike in minimum support prices, as opposed to average hikes of 10-12 per cent in the last few years, would aid in lowering the food and overall inflation.
As inflation reaches the RBI's comfort levels of 6 per cent, we expect rising financial savings and declining interest rates, which would also act as a catalyst for the investment cycle.
The government has so far shown focus on reviving the economy sticking to a fiscal consolidation and pro-economic agenda and attracting foreign investments into key sectors such as infrastructure, manufacturing, etc.
By the next budget, we expect this process to gather steam as the government gears up to roll out more and more concrete steps for reviving the economy.
Amongst key action areas, we expect the government to bring about measures relating to infrastructure and land acquisition, reducing roadblocks to FDI, simplify project clearances and comprehensively work towards re-organizing the beleaguered mining sector.
 
Q) The Indian economy is already showing signs of recovery, inflation is falling and the government has already pushed some big bang reforms and more are in the offing. Keeping all that in mind, where do you see the FII investment in equities for this fiscal?
Considering the fact that the Indian economy bounces back, inflation falls and continuous government efforts for reforms and policy certainly lift sentiment, we believe that FIIs are likely to pump more money in India.
Q) Which are the sectors to bet on as the markets will hit record high? And the sectors where one should book some profits or go underweight on?
We are positive on banking stocks as they are among the best plays on the overall economic revival story. In this space we like both private and PSU banks as inflation is likely to come down going forward and this would be followed by lower interest rates. Lower interest rates are expected to act as a positive catalyst for the economy in general and the banking sector in specific.
We also prefer stocks in the automobile and auto ancillary space owing to recovery in sales volumes. Further, we are positive on cement stocks as well, on expectations of a revival in GDP growth and more specifically, a pick-up in infrastructure and construction activity. We particularly like smaller regional cement players as their valuations still look compelling.

Asiatic lion falls into well in Junagadh  rescuedPrint
The lion trapped in a well.
Written by Gopal B Kateshiya | Rajkot | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:22 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 3:31 pm
A male Asiatic lion reportedly fell into an open well in Amrapur village, some 85 kilometres west of Junagadh city, in Maliya Hatina taluka of the district early on Monday. However, the big cat was successfully rescued by forest department within hours and sent to animal care centre in Sasan Gir.
The incident came to light after residents of Amrapur informed forest officers that the lion, around seven to eight years in age, had fallen in the open well located on a farm of Badhabhai Rabari. Soon, a rescue team reached the spot and lowered a charpoy (bed) in the 60-feet deep well which was filled with water.
“After it jumped on the bed again, we tranquilised the lion and pulled it out of the well. It was in good health despite the fall. But we have sent it to animal care centre in Sasan-Gir as a precautionary measure. It will be kept under observation there for some time before we release it in the wild,” Ramesh Katara, deputy conservator of forest (social forestry) of Junagadh district told The Indian Express.
Katara further said that the lion had fallen in the well accidentally on the intervening night of Sunday and Monday. “There was no parapet on the edges of the well and the lion fell into it in the dark of the night,” said the DCF.
Incidentally, forest department has helped farmers in the areas where lions roam, build protective parapets round their wells to help prevent deaths of lions. Asiatic Lion is a Schedule-I animal which enjoys highest protection under Indian wildlife laws. The DCF said that they had instructed Rabari to build such parapet after the incident.
The incident took place at Maliya Hatina taluka where 15 lions divided in three prides have settled permanently, forest officers said. The only wild population in the world of this endangered species is surviving in Gir National Park and Wildlife Sanctuary spread across Junagadh, Gir Somnath and Amreli districts. A few prides have settled in protected and revenue areas of Junagadh, Amreli and Bhavnagar districts also.
According to 2010 census, there were 411 lions living in these four districts in Saurashtra region of Gujarat state.

Apple plans investor call ahead of a potential bond saleApple plans investor call ahead of a potential bond sale
Reuters
Tweet
Nov 3:  
Apple Inc is planning an investor call on Monday ahead of a potential bond sale, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing a banker working on the deal.
Deutsche Bank AG and Goldman Sachs Group Inc are arranging the call, the newspaper reported.
Apple, which is yet to sell bonds in any other currency than dollars, is considering issuing in euros, the report said.
Apple could not immediately be reached for comments outside regular US business hours.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Markets @ close: Lanco Infratech up 16%  Unitech up 11% | Sensex @ 54 000: BofAJyotivardhan Jaipuria
(We are bullish on the market…)
In a chat with ET Now, Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, shares his views on the market as well as the earnings growth. Excerpts:
ET Now: We are very close to the opening. Are you bullish on the markets at the current levels? Do you think 8500 comes in first or do you believe there will be a correction?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: We are bullish on the market for the next few years. In fact, our view is that the markets will double over the next four years. In between that, of course, we will get a lot of corrections. We will keep having these minor dips, but every dip is like an opportunity to buy in this market.
ET Now: I was reading your India equity strategy report as of October 21st. I do not think too much would have changed since then. Your report suggested that India is a consensus overweight amongst the EMs, probably one of the favourites as well. What does this take a 12-month rolling target for your house and how soon could we actually hit that target considering the kind of space that we have exhibited in the strength over the last few days?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Yes, most people are overweight India. Most people have played India for the last one year. In fact, even the aggregate data shows that emerging market funds are on an average overweight India by 400 bps. So versus the index of around 7%, they have 11% in India.
Most people think that India is the place to be over the next one year, over the next four years. There is a general agreement with a bullish view that the earnings could go up and double over the next four years probably and the markets may follow suit.
ET Now: Do you see the earnings revival coming in soon?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: We think earnings will double over the next four years because of two factors. One is macro and the other is micro.
In macro, if you see, corporate profits as a percentage of GDP are the lowest in 10 years. So, typically that will start to pick up from these levels.
Second, if you look at the micro, then corporate margins are the lowest in the last 18 years. So from these levels it is likely that these margins will again revert to mean. If they revert to mean over the next four years, we probably are going to see the earnings double.
So, probably, you are heading for another strong spell of earnings growth now.
ET Now: Part of the market is already pricing in a rate cut ahead of the rest of analyst expectations from the market or the RBI in fact. What is the sense that you are getting? Do you think the move in the Bank Nifty and the way the entire banking pack and the market is moving could also run a little bit into a risk because the market seems to be moving ahead of the fundamentals right now purely in terms of a rate expectation cut from the RBI?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Yes, we actually have been more optimistic on the rate cut than most of the consensus.
Our view is that the rate would cut in the early part of next year. So February is where we have a first rate cut built in, which is like ahead of what the street was expecting. The view was essentially linked to inflation. Like, if we see Indian inflation, it has a good correlation with the global commodity prices. Global commodity prices are coming down. So the chances are that the inflation will keep surprising on the downside.
The RBI has this 6% target for FY16 and at least for this year, we will probably see the inflation coming in below 6% before the end of this calendar year. So to that extent, the pressure will be on the RBI. They may choose to delay the rate cuts a bit. But if you see the G-Sec market, it is already building in a rate cut coming in. So if you see, some banks have already started cutting rates. To that extent, the interest rate cycle is headed down. Now, it has become a question of when does the RBI cut.
  ET Now: Is that the principle reason for the bullishness on the auto pack?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Over the last four-five years, sectors like pharma and software have play out very well. Our view is that we are now at a stage where we are going to start having the sector rotation come through.
There are two reasons why we are bullish on the auto pack. One, we think that the GDP growth is close to bottoming out. So probably, FY16 will be stronger than FY15, and FY17 will be stronger than FY16. So you have a GDP which after four-five years of downtrend is really going to go on uptrend.
Second is the interest rate. Basically you have seen 300 bps increases in interest rates in the last five years. The next few years will see interest rates getting cut. Autos is probably one of the best things we have been playing because when we do our cycle analysis, autos is the first one to start doing well when this sort of scenario builds up.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Large-scale a/c inheritance emerges in black money probeLarge-scale account inheritance emerges in black money probe
PTI     New Delhi/ Berne   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 17:25 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Accounts inherited from family members as also from previously constituted trusts or companies have come to the fore in a big way, as India seeks further details from Switzerland about those suspected to have 'unaccounted' wealth parked in the Swiss banks.
Hundreds of individuals and entities, including 627 names mentioned in a list submitted by the government to the Supreme Court, are facing probe for allegedly having black money in foreign banks including in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank.
While Switzerland has agreed to provide 'prompt' assistance to India and reply to information requests in a time-bound manner, the Indian authorities are conducting their own probes before approaching the Swiss government.
The due diligence of names accessed by Indian government through various sources, including the so-called HSBC list shared by the French government, has found that many such accounts have been "inherited" by their current owners from their parents, other family members or now-defunct trusts and companies that were set up years ago.
While the exact number of such accounts could not be ascertained, sources said that there are "quite a few" such accounts on which India is seeking further details from the Swiss authorities.
Switzerland, long accused of being a safe haven for illicit funds, last month promised to extend all necessary assistance to India and reply to requests for information in a "time-bound" manner, or at least provide a reason for denial.
Explaining the treaty provisions about disclosure of such 'secret' information, a Swiss Finance Ministry spokesperson recently told PTI from Berne that authorities from the two countries are having "regular contacts on bilateral tax matters", but refused to comment on particular cases citing 'confidentiality' clause of the Swiss-India tax treaty.
The government last week gave to the Supreme Court a list of 627 Indians with accounts in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank, on which probe for suspected black money is underway.
While this list was given in 'sealed envelopes', three other names were made public a day earlier as prosecution had been launched against those persons.
There has been a debate on whether disclosure of names, without prosecution, could violate tax treaties under which these names and other details are shared by foreign countries.
The exchange of information on tax matters between India and Switzerland is based on the double taxation agreement (DTA) and the protocol that was signed in 2010 between the two countries. It has been in force since October 2011.
This agreement is in line with international standards and provides for exchange of information on request.
The list of 627 persons with accounts in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank was received by India from the French government, while it had earlier got another list of Indians with suspected black money accounts from Germany.

Sensex slips after hitting new high  Nifty flatMARKET UPDATE: Sensex slips after hitting new high, Nifty ends flat
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 17:37 IST
Photo: Reuters
The benchmark Sensex on Monday hit new life high of 27,969.82 but lost all gains to end about 5 points lower at 27,860.38 on profit booking in bluechips after a four-day strong rally.
The NSE Nifty, however, settled 1.95 points higher at new record close of 8,324.15, surpassing previous peak of 8322.20.
Traders said markets are seen consolidating their gains over the previous week's stupendous gains.
The 30-share Sensex, which had gained over 1,112 points in the previous four sessions, commenced on a strong footing and soared to hit new lifetime high of 27,969.82.
However, the BSE barometer retreated from record highs due to profit-booking in recent performers and slipped into negative zone to hit the day's low of 27,785.40. It finally settled at 27,860.38, down 5.45 points, or 0.02 per cent over the previous close of 27,865.83.
The BSE benchmark index had ended at all-time closing high of 27,865.83 and had also hit intra-day high of 27,894.32 on Friday.
The 50-scrip NSE Nifty after breaching all previous records, today hit yet another high of 8,350.60 and finally ended with a daily gain of 1.95 points, or 0.02 per cent, at 8,324.15. During the session, it dipped below the 8,300 mark to touch a low of 8,297.65. The gauge on Friday had scaled previous life-time (intra-day) high of 8,330.75.
Provisional data released by exchanges showed overseas investors bought shares worth net Rs 1754.73 crore on Friday.
Among 30 Sensex components, 18 stocks led by GAIL, CIL, ITC, NTPC, ONGC and BHEL ended down while 12 others were up.
"Realty, Media and PSU Banks remained the best performing sectors while Auto, Energy and Pharma stocks saw selling pressure. We are seeing some consolidation in markets amidst some profit booking, mixed global cues..." said Hiren Dhakan, Associate Fund Manager, Bonanza Portfolio.
In autos, Maruti Suzuki, M&M, Bajaj Auto, Tata Motors and Hero MotoCorp were among losers after monthly sales reports.
Sectorally, the BSE Consumer Durables index suffered the most by falling 1.48 per cent, followed by Auto index (0.88 pc), PSU index (0.23 pc) and Oil & Gas index (0.21 pc).
There was mixed trend in other Asian markets after data showed China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months in October. Europe also saw a lower opening.

CIL October output beats target for first time in 7 monthsCIL October output beats target for first time in 7 months
Krishna N Das     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 16:51 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Coal India's production beat its target in October for the first time in seven months as the state-owned miner opened a major mine and there was no rain-related disruptions.
The world's largest coal miner which has missed its annual production targets for years due to its inefficiency and other reasons is under pressure from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government to quickly boost output to cater to fuel-starved power plants.
The company produced 40.2 million tonnes last month, higher than its target of 39.74 million, it said in a statement on Monday. April-October production however was 97 per cent of its target.
Scrambling to add new mines and expand capacity, Coal India started production in July at a 12-million-tonnes-per-year mine - its first major new project in at least five years.
The mine is ramping up production but a lack of rail connectivity means it has been able to sell very little.The company failed to meet its offtake target for October and faces an uphill task of meeting its goal for this fiscal year ending March 31, a Coal India official said.
He declined to be named as he is not authorised to talk to media. Sixty one of country's 103 power plants had coal enough to last less than four days as of Thursday mainly due to lower supplies from Coal India which accounts for more than 80 per cent of the country's total production.
India sits on the world's fifth-largest reserves but is the third largest importer of the fuel. This has forced Modi to open up the sector to commercial mining by private companies incorporated in the country.
(Reuters)

Wagah border blast: 3 groups claim responsibility  20 suspects held from Indo-Pak borderprint
Relatives gather beside the covered bodies of victims who were killed in suicide bomb attack in Wagah border near Lahore. (Reuters Photo)
Three militant groups have separately claimed responsibility for the suicide attack at the Wagah checkpoint near Lahore that killed at least 61 people including 10 women, eight children and three securitymen on Sunday evening.
Pakistan, however, held the beating retreat ceremony on Monday evening amid reports that the daily military ritual would not be organised at Wagah after Sunday's bombing, which took place on the Pakistani side some 500 meters from the international border at 6.12pm. 
Border Security Force (BSF) chief DK Pathak had said on Sunday that Pakistan had requested India not to conduct the ceremony for three days. If this had happened, it would have been for the first time since the two countries went to war in 1971.
Every day before sunset, soldiers from Pakistan and India gather at Wagah, the only road border crossing between Amritsar and Lahore, to simultaneously lower the two nations' flags.
Most of the people who died in the suicide bomber attack were returning from the ceremony.
Officials said the changed plan to allow the ceremony on Monday had been communicated to the BSF by the Pakistani Rangers, a PTI report filed from Lahore said.
The gallery on the Indian side was empty, while a large number of people gathered in the Pakistan gallery and raised slogans.
BSF officers said visitors on the Indian side were turned back earlier in the day after Pakistan's request that the ceremony be suspended for three days.
Meanwhile, Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif vowed strong military operations against militants in the wake of the deadliest attack to hit the country in six months.
Pakistan has been wracked by a homegrown Taliban insurgency that has killed thousands of people in recent years, but attacks have tailed off since the army launched a major anti-militant offensive in the northwest in June.
Sharif and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi both condemned the latest strike.
Sharif ordered an inquiry into the attack and sought a report from Punjab chief minister, Shahbaz Sharif. Punjab law minister Mujtaba Shujaur Rehman claimed that the suicide bomber managed to cross four security checkposts on GT Road.
No Indian troops were hurt on Sunday, but the blast left windows and doors of the BSF post shaking on the Indian side.
IED found near parking area
An improvised explosive device (IED) was found from the parking area of the Wagah border on Monday. The Bomb Disposal Squad (BDS) was called to the site for inspection after the recovery. The BDS then launched search operations surrounding Wagah border, The Nation newspaper reported. Pakistani security forces also began search operation in nearby villages and areas and rounded up several suspects.
High alert sounded, trade halted
BSF chief Pathak said the BSF had received some inputs a fortnight ago that terror groups may try to carry out a possible strike during the beating retreat ceremony.
A home ministry official too said there were alarms about a possible strike.
"India's external intelligence agency, Research and Analysis Wing, had got intelligence inputs some 15 days back indicating that the flag-lowering might be targeted by the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP)," he said on condition of anonymity.
Land border trade between India and Pakistan came to a halt on Monday in the aftermath of the suicide bomb attack.
Customs officials in Attari, Punjab, said there was no trade activity from either side. They added the trading activity was likely to remain suspended for another two days.
Hundreds of trucks from both countries carry products, including fruits and vegetables, through the land border trade.
Bereaved relatives at a hospital in Lahore where people injured in Sunday's blast are being treated.  (AFP photo)
Who's responsible?
Al Qaeda-affiliated militant group Jundullah (Soldiers of Allah), a splinter group of the TTP, was the first to claim the responsibility for the attack.
Taliban splinter group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar too said its bomber, Hafiz Hanifullah, carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar said on its Twitter page the attack was a warning to both Pakistan and India and that such an assault could also happen across the border. It refuted claims of other groups owning the attack.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar also criticised Jundullah as a "fake" Iranian group.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar had recently separated from the TTP after the army launched an operation in North Waziristan in mid-June. Led by Omer Khalid Khurasani, it is believed to be capable of lethal attacks.
Jundullah was also part of the TTP until last year when Hakimullah Mehsud, now slain, led the militants.
It had been involved in several high-profile attacks, including the strike on Crops Commander of Karachi in 2004, murder of 10 climbers in Gilgit-Baltisitan in 2013 and Peshawar Church bombing of last year.
This group also claimed responsibility of last month's attack at Maulana Fazlur Rehman who survived the suicide bombing.
The conflicting claims show the ongoing war among various militant outfits trying to replace the TTP which has been weakened by military operations and defections.
Last month, six important Taliban commanders joined the West Asian group the Islamic State (IS), also known as the ISIS or the ISIL.
Death toll 61
The overnight death toll in the suicide attack mounted to 61 on Monday afternoon. Security agencies have arrested about 20 suspects from the Indo-Pak border area.
Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among the 61 people who have died in the attack.
Over 100 people were injured in the incident and are being treated in different Lahore's hospitals where emergency has been declared.
"The death toll of the devastating suicide attack at Wagah border has risen to 61. The condition of some injured is still critical and the doctors are battling to save their lives," Punjab Emergency Services Rescue spokesperson Jam Sajjad told PTI.
About 43 bodies have been handed over to the families, while the remaining are yet to be recognised, Sajjad said.
Lahore police spokesperson Niyab Haider Naqvi said, "The law enforcement agencies have launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah and taken about 20 suspects into custody."
"A joint investigation team of police, Rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and Rangers along with police will provide security to Ashura processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday's attack."
According to a preliminary investigation report submitted to the inspector general (IG) of Punjab police, Mushtaq Ahmed Sukhera, the suicide bomber, believed to be in his early 20s, had been staying in the Wagah border area since many days.
"It is also suspected that the handlers of the suicide-bomber were also present near the blast site to ensure the execution of their plan," the report says.
At least 15 to 20kg of explosives were used in the blast with some of the explosives in the attacker's suicide jacket and the remaining being carried by him.
Pak offers security to Sikh pilgrims
Pakistan will provide complete security to more than 2,000 Sikh pilgrims from India arriving in Lahore on Tuesday for the three-day birth anniversary celebrations of Guru Nanak, an official has said, in the wake of the Wagah border suicide attack.
"We will ensure this (Wagah border-like bombing) does not happen again, particularly when over 2,000 Sikh pilgrims arrive at Wagah Railway Station," Evacuee Trust Property Board (ETPB) chairman Siddiqul Farooq had said on Sunday.
Watch: India beefs up security

Stocks bounce into Novemberstocks bounce into november
CIL s output beats target for first time in 7 monthsCIL s output beats target for first time in 7 months
Markets ends flat amid volatile tradeMarkets ends flat amid volatile trade
Digital Marketing Budgets will increase by 8% in 2015: GartnerDigital Marketing Budgets will increase by 8% in 2015: Gartner
Emami Paper Mills: Outcome of board meetingEmami Paper Mills: Outcome of board meeting
Bajaj Auto s October sales down marginallyBajaj Auto s October sales down marginally
US condemns Pakistan terror attackUS condemns Pakistan terror attack
Dabur Q2 PAT grows 15% at Rs 287 crore ; stock ralliesDabur Q2 PAT grows 15% at Rs 287 crore ; stock rallies
Spaceship s descent device deployed prematurelySpaceship s descent device deployed prematurely
Auto stocks fall nearly 3 pc on muted October sales numbers; Tata Motors share price drops 1.69 pctHome
Markets
Auto stocks fall nearly 3 pc on muted October sales numbers; Tata Motors share price drops 1.69 pct
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Published:  Nov 03 2014, 16:42  IST
Nov 03 2014, 16:42  IST
 

Next Time Someone Says Fast Food Isn t A Real Job  Remember Thisreddit
We've heard it once . We've heard it twice . And we're sure to hear it again: Fast food jobs aren't "real jobs." They're for teenagers who need extra cash or for  young workers who need a "launching pad" to a better job down the line.
These sort of assumptions get thrown around all the time. "Why can't you get a real job?" a Montana judge asked a 21-year-old fast food worker convicted of vandalism in June, implying that a different job would help him pay off his restitution quicker.
But in reality, fast food jobs are a very real segment of our economy. And for many real moms, dads and other working people, they're a very real source of income too.
So the next time someone says fast food jobs aren't "real," please remember some of these points:
For years, the fast food industry has created jobs at a faster rate than the rest of the economy.
Since the recession ended, we've seen a troublingly uneven recovery, in which many of the middle-income jobs lost from 2008 to 2010 have been replaced by low-wage jobs. And fast food jobs are a large reason why, outpacing the country's overall job growth .
“Fast food is driving the bulk of the job growth at the low end -- the job gains there are absolutely phenomenal,” Michael Evangelist, a policy analyst at the National Employment Law Project, an advocacy group, told The New York Times in April.
According to an NELP report,  44 percent of jobs added in the past four years have been low-wage jobs that pay workers around $10 an hour.
The majority of fast food workers aren't teenagers, but real adults with real responsibilities.
Opponents of raising wages for fast food workers often say that those jobs are mostly for teenagers living with their parents who are just looking for some extra spending money. But that's not true anymore.
Increasingly, fast food jobs are being filled by adults who need full-time work. According to an analysis of government data by the Center for Economic and Policy Research, 70 percent of fast-food workers are 20 or older these days.
Real adults, with real families.
CEPR's analysis also found that more than 1 in 4 fast food workers have a child . For what it's worth, it costs about $245,000 to raise a kid.
So the fast food industry's low wages end up having a very real impact on taxpayers.
Because fast food pay is low, workers often have to rely on public assistance programs like food stamps and Medicaid to get by, which ends up costing American taxpayers billions of dollars every year.
Fast food workers are gaining momentum as a real labor group to be reckoned with.
Over the past two years, fast food workers have come together to organize a series of massive strikes calling for a $15 minimum wage and the right to unionize. The most recent protests spread to about 150 cities .
And their strikes have helped make some very real change for all low-wage workers.
Fast food workers haven't had much success unionizing . But throughout the course of their two years of striking, 13 states and 10 local governments have raised their minimum wage. Democrats are now leaning on the minimum wage as an issue that can bring them support from both sides of the political spectrum.
All four states considering a minimum wage increase in the November elections are Republican. (Chart courtesy of CNBC.)
The bottom line is: Fast food jobs are real jobs, filled by real workers facing real poverty . And that's a very real problem for all of us.
More:

What Wrangler and Lee have learned from long hours of watching you shop for jeansBy Sarah Halzack October 28 Follow @sarahhalzack
Wrangler jeans are displayed at a store in Hayward, Calif. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma)
Jeans have been an American wardrobe staple for more than half a century, and VF Corp. wants to make sure that never changes.
VF, the apparel company that owns brands such as Wrangler, Lee Jeans, Rock & Republic and 7 for All Mankind, has recently announced plans to open up a Jeanswear Innovation Center in Greensboro, N.C., where a fleet of chemists, technologists and fashionistas will be tasked with trying to improve on a classic. They’ll be looking for new ideas for products all across VF’s jeans brands, from $17 relaxed-fit Wranglers to $198 skinnies by 7.
The launch of the innovation center got us thinking: Where does the company see room for innovation? And how is the jeans business faring as the “athleisure” trend booms?
Scott Baxter, VF’s vice president of jeanswear, chatted with The Washington Post about the company’s plans for refreshing its denim offerings. The conversation has been edited for length and clarity.
Sarah Halzack: There has been a lot of news coverage lately saying that yoga pants are the new jeans , and accordingly, jeans brands are facing some headwinds. What’s your sense of what the appetite is for denim right now?
Scott Baxter: It’s a little bit different in men’s and women’s. The men’s denim business is as strong as it’s ever been and getting stronger. I think men just identify with denim. It’s part of their wardrobe, and it’s a strong part of who they are and how they dress.
For the female right now, we’re seeing that the trend in leggings and jeggings is past peak. It peaked probably this past season. Denim is coming back more in favor. But there’s a reason for that, too: We have done a much better job as a jeans company of identifying the female needs, and that is around stretch, comfort and feel.
So, what jeans are selling especially well right now?
Our [Lee] Heavenly Touch product and our Easy Fit product. There’s a couple of attributes contributing to this: the comfort, the stretch. They’re also built close to the body. They’re a slim-type fit, and women’s knee-level boots are very popular right now, and women are using this product and tucking it into their boots. And they’re wearing it for all occasions.
You mentioned the popularity of adding stretch to denim. What are the engineering challenges to that?
If we were to have this conversation back in the 1990s, it would be a different discussion. Technology-wise, fabric-wise and yarn-wise, we weren’t where we are now. We have come so far in the last 20 years on that type of yarn and fabric that there really isn’t a material difference between the old denim and new denim in that our stretch fabrications work really well.
But we also have consumers that don’t want stretch, especially on the male side. They just want a product that’s all cotton with no polyester.
So, you’re opening an innovation center. But none of that will matter unless you have a marketing strategy to tell people about it. How are you working to better reach potential customers?
We’re continuing to think about how to connect with our consumer better in what we call in-store merchandising and advertising. So, how do you tell the story when a consumer is walking through a favorite store?
About a year and a half ago, we built a retail learning lab. We built a mock store at our Wrangler headquarters, and we put all the product in it, as well as dressing rooms, mirrors. We bring consumers in and watch them shop in this store. We watched how they read a hang tag, how they pick a pair of jeans, how many they take into a dressing room, how they walk through the physical layout and navigate that space.
That really helped us figure out how we bring our product to life with authority within the store.
Any big “a-ha!” moments that came out of the lab experience?
Yes. Men shop much differently than women, so that’s something that we are really spending a lot of time thinking about.  Women spend time – they really make educated decisions. So it’s really important that we have and highlight on our hang tags what the benefits and features are of that product.
Men have a tendency to just run right to the back wall, grab a 34×32, grab two or three of them, not even try them on, and just throw them right in their cart.  And so one of the things we have to do is figure out how to better engage men in new products. Men have a tendency to go with the tried and true. So how do we navigate them to some new product? How do we navigate them to a different cut, different finish, different wash?
Skinny jeans have been the hot women’s denim silhouette for eight or so years now. Does that make it hard to convince them to pony up for new jeans when they already probably have the most popular style in their closet?
You could say the same thing for color, right? About three years ago, we went through a color explosion. Now, we’ve gone to more earth tones — we’re into some really deep greens, blacks, grays. And it’s fun to watch that migration.
[But] when you say we’re really in a slim phase right now, it’s not 100 percent accurate. If you go to different places around the world and the United States, you might not see as much of that as you do in New York City, on TV, in newspapers.
So, how do you strike a balance, then, if you have some shoppers who are keenly attuned to trends and others who are not?
Let’s talk about men’s Wrangler. We have a product from 1947, and it’s one of our best-selling items, the 13MWZ. It’s our cowboy-cut jean. A few years ago we took a bunch of young cowboys out, and things had changed a little bit. Cowboys used to carry a hundred keys and didn’t have anything like a cellphone. So we created a different product, a more comfortable cowboy-cut jean with bigger pockets and more stretch. And that’s done exceptionally well.
We are also now selling a product called Wrangler Red. It’s for millennials, it’s a more slimming jean for a younger man. So even with Wrangler — and some people might have an outdated version of Wrangler, that it’s just that 5-star jean that Brett Favre has been talking about on TV for a long time — we’re doing a lot within the brands.
When I think about fashion innovation, I think about the idea of “chase,” or being able to quickly respond to trends and get fresh designs on store floors quickly.  How important is “chase” for VF, and is that something you’ll think about at the Innovation Center?
Our 7 For All Mankind business is able to react to trends magnificently, in part because they have their own stores and they can spot them quickly. They see things happening, and they are able to react lightning-quick, getting things out in six to eight weeks.
So it’s already happening within our businesses, and in the high-end fashion businesses, it’s extremely important. And in our mass jeans business [which includes Lee and Wrangler products sold at stores such as Wal-Mart and Target], it’s not as critical to be able to have that functionality.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

Buy Tech Mahindra  Dr Reddy s: Geojit BNP ParibasYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Buy Tech Mahindra, Dr Reddy's: Geojit BNP Paribas
Published On:                  October 30, 2014                 | Duration: 14 min, 36 sec

Olacabs Eyes Aggressive ExpansionYou are here: Home » Video »
Video

Margin Expansion Likely to Sustain in Future: EmamiYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Margin Expansion Likely to Sustain in Future: Emami
Published On:                  October 30, 2014                 | Duration: 3 min, 08 sec
Tweet
Emami reported 20.4 per cent growth in revenue and 16 per cent growth in net profit for the second quarter of FY15 and its gross margin also expanded. Naresh Bhansali of Emami told NDTV that it expects to sustain the margin expansion in future.

Chocolate Poses Real Doggy Danger On HalloweenFido's sweet tooth makes for a scary Halloween vet bill
Kelli Grant CNBC
Email
PetSmart
Halloween can be an expensive holiday for pet owners—and we're not just talking about the growing market for pet costumes .
Veterinarian reports of chocolate toxicity spike 140 percent during the week of Halloween, according to insurer Petplan. The bills for Fido's chocolate sampling are getting pricier, too, with a typical cost of $627. That's up nearly 20 percent from last year. In some cases, reports Petplan, claims have topped $3,000.
"It's fairly normal for chocolate-related poisonings to increase this time of year," said Dr. Jules Benson, vice president of veterinary services for Petplan. "It's the accessibility."
Between the bowl of handouts for trick-or-treaters and kids' own collected stashes—both of which may be put in accessible spots—pets have more opportunities to gobble candy than they do at other times of the year.
Chocolate's danger depends on the weight of your dog and the type and quantity of chocolate they consume, said Dr. Daniel J. Fletcher, an emergency and critical care specialist at Cornell University's College of Veterinary Medicine. In a small dog, even one dark chocolate Hershey's Kiss might be enough to trigger a problem. (Chocolate is also toxic to cats, he said, but cases are rare. Cats tend to be pickier about what they eat.)
It's not always easy to spot the signs, with so much candy on hand and dogs' tendency to eat the evidence (i.e., the wrappers). To a pet owner, chocolate toxicity looks pretty similar to any trick-or-treater's sugar high—they'll be hyperactive, said Fletcher. Other symptoms include panting, pacing and dilated pupils.
The chemicals in chocolate can also trigger vomiting and diarrhea, as well as less-observable symptoms like high blood pressure and irregular heartbeat. "Those can be life-threatening," said Fletcher.
Chocolate isn't the only Halloween candy danger. Sugar-free candies and gum containing xylitol can result in seizures and liver failure, and raisins can lead to kidney failure. Even the candy wrappers themselves may obstruct the digestive tract if Fido didn't thoroughly chew his stolen treats. (When in doubt about whether or how much candy your pet has ingested, call your vet.)
If there's good news, it's that rising bills for chocolate toxicity treatments have largely stemmed from better quality care, further improving Fido's chances of surviving his encounter with the Halloween candy bowl, Benson said. There are more effective drugs to aid vomiting pets, and more sophisticated tests to help determine the best course of treatment.
But avoiding an expensive vet bill is not hard: Just keep treats in a secure container and out of reach of curious pets.
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

I Experienced The Dreaded AT&T  Throttling  FirsthandI Experienced The Dreaded AT&T 'Throttling' Firsthand
Posted:
reddit
Last month, when I was in California for a work trip, my phone suddenly became useless. Even though I was in downtown San Francisco, the data connection was so slow that it was pretty much impossible to download email, use apps, browse the Web or load photos on Instagram.
I was being "throttled." AT&T had deliberately slowed down my data speed because I used more than five gigabytes during a billing cycle, even though I have had an unlimited data plan since 2009. (AT&T no longer offers unlimited data plans, but I have renewed my contract, so I've been allowed to keep it.)
AT&T began throttling in 2011. But the policy was thrust into the spotlight this week, when the Federal Trade Commission sued the telecom giant for slowing data speeds, sometimes by more than 90 percent, for unlimited data customers without "adequately disclos[ing]" the policy.
“AT&T promised its customers ‘unlimited’ data, and in many instances, it has failed to deliver on that promise,” FTC Chairwoman Edith Ramirez said in a statement announcing the lawsuit . “The issue here is simple: ‘unlimited’ means unlimited.”
AT&T shot back, calling the suit "baseless" and pointing to a press release and "2,000" subsequent news articles when the company made the changes in 2011.
"[B]efore any customer is affected, they are also notified by text message," Wayne Watts, AT&T's senior executive vice president and general counsel, said in a statement Tuesday.
The FTC said AT&T has throttled 3.5 million customers a total of 25 million times. I'm one of those customers.
Here's the thing. Even though I've gone over five gigabytes in four of the last five months, I've only gotten one text message from AT&T warning me that I was approaching the threshold. That was in May. Last month, my phone slowed without warning.
When I reached out to AT&T about why I only got a text message that first time, and I didn't get a text message each time I approached five gigabytes in a month, the company pointed to an obscure page on its website informing customers that their "speeds may be reduced without another text message reminder."
The company also said I had received a notice with my bill in summer 2011 announcing the changes. But as the FTC points out in its lawsuit , the notice doesn't "disclose the degree to which the customers’ data speed would be reduced,
and the impact that the reduced speed would have on customers’ ability to use their device."
"We stand by the statement from earlier this week," Mark Siegel, AT&T's executive director of media relations, told The Huffington Post in a phone call. "And we stand by what is available on our public website about how we handle our unlimited data customers."
AT&T could easily send texts each time customers approach the five gigabyte threshold. After all, the company sends texts when your bill is due, when it's paid, if you are going over your voice minutes and when it's added a cell tower in your area. Or it could send an email. I've received at least seven emails from AT&T this month, five for promotions or trying to get me to upgrade.
But throttling is something AT&T appears to want to keep quiet. Researchers hired by the company to conduct focus groups about throttling suggested not talking too much about it, according to the FTC lawsuit.
From the FTC lawsuit :
The researchers observed that “[t]he more consumers talked about it the more they didn’t like it.” This led the researchers to advise that “[s]aying less is more, [so] don’t say too much” in marketing communications concerning such a program.
AT&T says it throttles customers to manage network congestion. But the FTC says throttling happens even when the network isn't congested. AT&T doesn't throttle those people on its other data plans who use significant amounts of data, the FTC says in the lawsuit.
AT&T seems to use throttling to encourage unlimited data customers to sign up for tiered data plans, which make them pay for as much data as they use and can be more expensive for heavy users. Those who quit AT&T's unlimited data plans, the FTC points out, have been hit with early termination fees in the hundreds of dollars.
Verizon also has customers holding onto unlimited data plans, even though it doesn't offer them anymore. The company announced over the summer that it would throttle heavy unlimited data users during peak times, but backed off after receiving widespread criticism, including from the chairman of the FCC .
Unlimited data customers are not as valuable to the companies as those with tiered plans because they will pay the same each month regardless of how much data they use, forever. Data use is predicted to explode to 9.1 gigabytes a month in 2018, from 1.4 gigabytes per month last year, according to Cisco .
Bekim Ukperaj, who works at a golf course in Stamford, Connecticut, and admitted he uses his phone "a lot," said he regularly exceeds five gigabytes of monthly data and is throttled. AT&T said it sent Ukperaj two text messages in January 2013 as he neared the data threshold, and included the throttling notice in his bill in 2011. But Ukperaj said he doesn't remember any notification that he was nearing five gigabytes. He now uses a tool on his LG G2 smartphone to alert him when he's getting close.
"A warning would have been nice in all those previous months I didn't alert myself," Ukperaj said, adding that sometimes his phone was useless for weeks while it was throttled. Ukperaj said that when he renewed his unlimited data contract in December, AT&T representatives didn't warn him that he could be throttled. "You'd think that if you renewed your contract, they'd say something more about the data limiting," Ukperaj said.
AT&T's 4G LTE network typically has download speeds of five to 12 megabits per second (Mbps), according to the FTC. When I was throttled in September, my download speed was cut to a slow 0.17 Mbps, rendering most of the functions on my smartphone useless.
Results of a speedtest while being throttled (left) and before being throttled (right).
"You're looking at data speeds that pretty much predate the smartphone era," Bill Menezes, an analyst who specializes in mobile networks at Gartner, the technology research firm, said when he reviewed the results of the speed test I conducted while being throttled in September.
Frank Guido, a Staten Island, N.Y.-based photographer, was so frustrated with his throttled data speed of 0.46mbps that after dealing with it for only two days he called AT&T and switched to a data plan he now shares with family.
"I'm away from home days at a time for my job so I can't live on Edge speed," he said, referring to the older, slower network.
He was an AT&T unlimited data subscriber who regularly went over five gigabytes a month, though he only first noticed his phone's data connection was slow over the weekend. He said that he has never received a text message or an email telling him he'd get throttled if he went over a certain number of gigabytes.
But after the FTC lawsuit was announced, he called to switch back to his unlimited data plan. Because AT&T no longer offers the plan, his request has to be approved by management. He'll find out in early November if AT&T approved the switch.
More:

Infosys joins the big league as scrip crosses Rs 4 000 markE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Dietary tips for the wedding seasonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How New  Safer Credit Cards May Already Be VulnerableThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Why more liberal cities have less affordable housingBy Ilya Somin November 2
Derek Thompson of The Atlantic has an interesting article covering some of the reasons why, despite their ideological commitment to helping the disadvantaged, more liberal cities tend to have less affordable housing:
In general, richer cities have less affordable housing.
But there’s a second reason why San Francisco’s problem is emblematic of a national story. Liberal cities seem to have the worst affordability crises, according to Trulia chief economist Jed Kolko.
In a recent article, Kolko divided the largest cities into 32 “red” metros where Romney got more votes than Obama in 2012 (e.g. Houston), 40 “light-blue” markets where Obama won by fewer than 20 points (e.g. Austin), and 28 “dark-blue” metros where Obama won by more than 20 points (e.g. L.A., SF, NYC). Although all three housing groups faced similar declines in the recession and similar bounce-backs in the recovery, affordability remains a bigger problem in the bluest cities.
“Even after adjusting for differences of income, liberal markets tend to have higher income inequality and worse affordability,” Kolko said.
Kolko’s theory isn’t an outlier. There is a deep literature tying liberal residents to illiberal housing policies that create affordability crunches for the middle class. In 2010, UCLA economist Matthew Kahn published a study of California cities, which found that liberal metros issued fewer new housing permits. The correlation held over time: As California cities became more liberal, he said, they built fewer homes.
The high cost of housing in liberal cities is in large part caused by highly restrictive zoning rules , which in recent years have caused many African-Americans and others to move away from major northeastern cities to areas with less restrictive zoning and lower housing prices in the south and southwest.
Why do liberal cities enact policies that often making housing unaffordable for the poor and much of the middle class? The cynical explanation is that “limousine liberal” voters only pretend to care about affordable housing for the poor and the middle class, but in reality adopt zoning restrictions to keep home prices up and prevent the riffraff from living near them. Such motives may be present in some cases. But, on most issues, there is little correlation between political views and measures of narrow self-interest . It is therefore likely that most voters in liberal cities do genuinely care about affordable housing and the interests of the poor.
The virus that plagues our body politic is not selfish voting, but ignorant voting . Like their conservative counterparts, most liberal voters don’t think carefully about the possible negative side effects of their preferred policies. Just as most of them do not realize that rent control diminishes the stock of housing , they also may not realize that zoning restrictions diminish it, and thereby increase housing costs.
Conservative voters have their own characteristic patterns of economic ignorance . Both sides tend to ignore or even blatantly misinterpret evidence that cuts against their preferred views – especially if the evidence or the reasoning behind it is counterintuitive. To a considerable extent, the high cost of housing in liberal cities is yet another negative effect of widespread political ignorance .
Well-meaning, but ill-informed voters are not exclusively to blame, of course. In many cases, development restrictions are also favored by influential narrow interest groups, such as developers with strong political connections. If it were easy for newcomers to build new housing and office space, these well-connected insiders would lose much of their competitive edge. Unlike ordinary voters, who tend to be rationally ignorant about public policy , small organized interest groups have strong incentives to pay close attention to policies in which they have a major stake.
As is often the case with perverse regulatory policies, excessive zoning is in part the product of a “baptist-bootlegger” coalition . Well-meaning, but badly misguided Baptists supported Prohibition out of genuine moral concern about the harmful effects of alcohol. Meanwhile, bootleggers backed it because it put money in their pockets. Housing policy in liberal cities is influenced by a similar implicit unholy alliance between well-meaning progressive voters and unscrupulous economic interest groups.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Rand Paul: Temporarily halt all elective travel for people coming to U.S. from Ebola-hit nationsBy Lyndsey Layton November 2 Follow @lyndseylayton
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) in October 2013. (Nikki Kahn/The Washington Post)
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), who last week suggested that it is easier to contract Ebola than AIDS, said Sunday that the government should block all “elective” travel for people coming from Ebola-stricken nations to the United States.
The “American public sees people getting it who are fully masked and gowned and saying, ‘My goodness, I don’t think anybody should be riding on a bus or coming from Liberia to visit their aunt or uncle when they could be contagious,’” Paul said on CBS’s “Face the Nation.”
The potential 2016 presidential candidate said he wants “a temporary stop of travel for elective travel. If you’re coming to visit your relatives, couldn’t that wait for a few months? When we had polio, we had restrictions on things with polio. So I don’t think it’s out of the ordinary for a government to be involved in this.”
The ban should not affect shipments of humanitarian aid or travel for health-care workers, he said.
“What I’m saying is elective travel, commercial travel for people who just want to visit the United States, that really isn’t a necessity.”
He criticized President Obama, accusing him of playing down the Ebola threat. “I think the president’s mistake was, like, saying, ‘Oh, it’s no big deal. You can’t catch it if you’re sitting on a bus with somebody.’ Well, apparently you can be in the intensive care unit gloved, gowned and masked and still get it. It’s very contagious when someone’s sick. So I think it was a mistake for him to say, “Oh, it’s no big deal.’”
But speaking on another Sunday show, Paul said that “the libertarian in me is horrified” by the idea of quarantining health-care workers and others without due process.
Appearing on CNN’s “State of the Union,” he said striking the proper balance between individual rights and public health protection is “a tough question.”
“I think that we have to be very careful of civil liberties,” said Paul, a doctor. But he added that he understood the fears surrounding the disease. “There is a reasonable public concern that you really shouldn’t be going to the discotheque,” he said.
Still, Paul told a group of college students last week that the virus could be easier to contract than AIDS, according to the Associated Press. “No one’s going to cough on you and you’re going to get AIDS. That’s what they make [Ebola transmission] sound exactly like,” Paul said. “But then you listen to them closely, they say you have to have direct contact. But you know how they define direct contact? Being within three feet of someone.”
That drew criticism Sunday from the chair of the Democratic National Committee, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (Fla.).
“When you have Republican senators like Rand Paul — who’s a doctor who should know better — who are saying you can be three feet from somebody who has Ebola and get it, that is an example of how Republicans are politicizing it,” she said on “Fox News Sunday.”
Paul’s comments about civil liberties came two days after a judge in Maine sided with nurse Kaci Hickox, who defied attempts by Maine Gov. Paul LePage ( R) to have her quarantined. Hickox, who returned to the United States after caring for Ebola patients in Sierra Leone, had gotten into a public spat with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R ) after officials in that state detained her for three days in an isolation tent after she got off a plane at Newark International Airport.
Hickox, 33, has shown no signs of Ebola infection and said she has been self-monitoring according to guidelines issued by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Alluding to the Hickox case, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Samantha Power, suggested Sunday that the country ought to treat health-care workers who care for Ebola victims in Africa “with great respect and appreciation when they come home.”
On “Face the Nation,” Power quoted Jim Yong Kim, president of the World Bank, who predicts that as many as 5,000 nurses and health-care workers will be needed in the coming months to cope with the Ebola crisis. “That is a large number when you think about how many people have to take away from their practices, make themselves available for three or four weeks,” she said. “…We need to make sure that we incentivize these extraordinary individuals to go into the region and we welcome them and treat them with great respect and appreciation when they come home.”
Power, who recently returned from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea, said that “there really are positive signs” in all three countries regarding attempts to stop the spread of Ebola. The three countries, hit hardest by the outbreak, have dramatically improved the safety of burials, she said. Unsafe burial practices for Ebola victims had compounded the spread of the lethal virus.
In addition, work by personnel from the CDC, the United Nations, and the U.S. and British military has had some significant effect, she said.
“Wherever we have an Ebola treatment unit, a lab and social mobilization, infection rates are coming way down,” she said. “Where we don’t, they’re not. It’s that simple.”
Lyndsey Layton has been covering national education since 2011, writing about everything from parent trigger laws to poverty’s impact on education to the shifting politics of school reform.

Rupee Recovers to Trade Flat at 61.40/DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Recovers to Trade Flat at 61.40/Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: November 03, 2014 13:19 (IST)
The rupee was trading at 61.4050, almost unchanged versus its previous close of 61.3950/4050.
The rupee had touched 61.49 earlier in the session as dollar gained overseas.
Custodian banks sold dollars today for their foreign fund clients. Gains in shares supported the rupee; 50-share Nifty was trading up 0.2 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Yen slips to 7-year low vs. dollar; euro hits 2-year lowDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

Stocks Muted After China Factory Growth EasesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Auto stocks skid up to 5% on tepid October salesYou are here: Home > Collections
Auto stocks under pressure as October sales disappoint
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 12.55PM IST
Tags:
Bajaj Auto
(The weak performance comes…)
MUMBAI: Shares of automobile companies were witnessing profit booking as sales in the festival season failed to live upto Street expectations.
Shares of Hero MotoCorp and M&M were worst hit as they fell between 3.5-4.5 per cent intraday.
The weak performance comes after the sector posted higher year-over-year numbers for the first four months of the fiscal year.
However, analysts continue to remain bullish on the sector as they expect sales to pick-up as economic growth revives and interest rates come down in coming years.
"Auto numbers for October have been a little muted but we think that the markets will be looking beyond that. Consumer discretionary happens to be the first space to move as the economy moves. Although month-on-month it has been a weak number but overall over the last three-four months, that is one space where we have clearly seen traction," said Gaurav Mehta , VP-Institutional Equities , Ambit Capital to ET Now.
"Initially, it was just limited to passenger vehicle space, two wheelers and four wheelers, now it has seen MHCV also join the party. So from that point of view, that is one space that we stay constructive on," he added.
Four wheelers:
Maruti Suzuki reported a 1.1 percent decline in total sales in October at 1,03,973 units as against 1,05,087 units in the same month last year.
Mahindra & Mahindra's October sales fell 15.39 per cent to 42,776 units as compared to 50,558 units in the same month last year, the company said in a statement.
Tata Motors reported a 17 per cent decline in total sales at 42,819 units in October 2014 as against 51,638 units in the same month last year.
Two wheelers:
Hero Moto Corp sold 5,75,056 two-wheelers in October 2014, down 8 per cent, as compared to 6,25,420 units in the same month last year.
Bajaj Auto reported total sales of 3,86,017 units in October 2014 compared to 3,85,323 units in October 2013.
TVS Motor Company reported 22 per cent increase in its total sales at 2,41,044 units in October 2014 against 1,97,905 units in the same month last year.
At 12:00 p.m.; Hero MotoCorp was 1.37 per cent lower. The stock fell 4.33 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 2,928.80.
M&M was down 3.18 per cent. It fell 3.44 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 1,258.45.
Bajaj Auto was 1.51 per cent lower after it declined 2.13 per cent to touch intraday low of Rs 2,553.40.
Maruti Suzuki was down 1.12 per cent. It fell 1.74 per cent intraday to touch Rs 3,280.
Tata Motors was 0.87 per cent down after it slipped 1.69 per cent to touch Rs 526.55 intraday.
TVS Motor Company was 1.19 per cent higher after it rallied 2.67 per cent to touch 52-week high of Rs 266.55.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Milestone Capital exits Godrej s Kolkata residential projectMilestone Capital exits Godrej's Kolkata residential project
PTI
The investment generated a multiple of 2.3 times on exit
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
Private equity player Milestone Capital Advisors today said it has exited from a residential project of Godrej Properties, realising Rs 200 crore.
The company has exited its investment in the 3 million sq ft residential project, Godrej Prakriti in Kolkata for Rs 200 crore, it said in a statement.
Milestone had invested in the project, spread over 23 acres, through two of its development funds — Milestone Domestic Scheme I and II.
“At a realisation of Rs 200 crore, this demonstrates yet another example of Milestone’s full cycle capability of fund raising, deployment, nurture and exits,” Milestone Capital Advisors Vice Chairman and Director Rubi Arya said.
Earlier exits from these development funds include Platina, a mixed use premium commercial space in Gachibowli, Hyderabad at an investment multiple of 1.53 times and Belfort, a senior living project in Pondicherry at an investment multiple of 1.83 times, the statement said.
“We conclude this highly profitable exit especially in a challenging market like Kolkata. We invested five years back in this project which has generated a multiple of 2.3 times on exit. Our philosophy is to partner reputed developers with emphasis on execution, brand and governance,” Arya said.
Arya added, the company was in discussions for further investments in other projects of Godrej Properties from the company’s new as well as forthcoming funds.
“Also we are well on track to raise our 10th structured debt format, albeit having a much shorter tenure of three-and-half years,” she said.
Milestone has raised around Rs 1,350 crore through its development funds and its investments are spread across 22 million sq ft of prime commercial and residential properties, including affordable housing, premium residentials, integrated townships, commercial offices, logistics and warehousing.
The company currently manages four development funds including Milestone Domestic Scheme I, II and III and Milestone Fund LLC.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Max Life H1 profit up 14% at Rs 242 crMax Life H1 profit up 14% at Rs 242 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Private player Max Life Insurance today posted 14 per cent rise in profit at Rs 242 crore for the six months ended September 2014.
The company had post tax shareholder profit of Rs 212 crore during the same period of the previous fiscal.
“In view of a strong all round performance during first half period of 2014-15, the company declared a net interim shareholder dividend of Rs 150 crore, a 17 per cent upward revision from interim dividend announced in the same period previous year,” Max Life Insurance CEO and Managing Director, Rajesh Sud said in a statement.
The company recorded 15 per cent growth in New Business Premium to Rs 1,039 crore during the period.
The gross written premium of the company grew 13 to Rs 3,395 crore in H1. Assets Under Management increased by 29 per cent to Rs 28,038 crore from September 2013.
Max Life Insurance has also outperformed the industry on the basis of adjusted individual first year premium, a parameter tracked by global investor community, and gained 0.28 per cent in market share to achieve 10.7 per cent share amongst private life insurers during the period.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Ashok Leyland sales up 23% at 8 375 units inOctHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ashok Leyland sales up 23% at 8,375 units in Oct 
R Yegya Narayanan
Tweet
Coimbatore, Nov 3:  
Ashok Leyland witnessed a sharp increase in the sale of medium and heavy commercial vehicles (M&HCV) during October 2014 compared to the same month in the previous year.
However the sale of light commercial vehicles (LCV) witnessed a marginal decline in October 2014 as compared to the corresponding month in October 2013.
In its filings with the stock exchanges, Ashok Leyland said the company sold 5,838 M&HCVs during October 2014 as compared to 4,093 vehicles in October last year, a 43 per cent jump. The sale of LCVs, however, came down to 2,537 units in October this year from 2,710 vehicles in October 2013, a 6 per cent decline. The total vehicle sales were higher by 23 per cent at 8,375 units in October 2014 as against 6,803 units in the corresponding month last year.
In the April to October period in 2014, the cumulative vehicle sales increased by 4 per cent to 53,694 units as compared to 51,644 units in the same period last year.
Near the close, shares of Ashok Leyland were trading at Rs 46.50, an increase of 15 paise, on the BSE.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Dabur India Q2 net up 15% at Rs 287.5 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Dabur India Q2 net up 15% at Rs 287.5 cr
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Dabur India Ltd today reported 15.11 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 287.48 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15.
The company had earned a net profit of Rs 249.74 crore in the July-September quarter of 2013-14 fiscal.
Net sales during the period went up 10.35 per cent to Rs 1,924.09 crore from Rs 1,743.5 crore in the year- ago period, the company said in a BSE filing.
Dabur’s consumer care business increased 7.55 per cent to Rs 1,602.82 crore, while foods business grew 29.20 per cent to Rs 262.79 crore.
Retail business was up 30.73 per cent at Rs 21.65 crore, while other businesses increased by 10.36 per cent to Rs 36.83 crore.
Dabur India CEO Sunil Duggal said: “In a low growth and challenging environment where growth rates in most consumer products segments have witnessed a sharp fall, Dabur continued to report strong volume-led growth across its key categories and grow ahead of the market.
“Our domestic FMCG business continued to perform ahead of the industry and we have ended the quarter with an 8.7 per cent volume growth.”
For the six-month period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 498.29 crore against Rs 435.75 crore in the year-ago period. Net sales during the period rose to Rs 3,787.99 crore from Rs 3,390.5 crore.
Dabur shares were trading 2.74 per cent up at Rs 232.10 apiece on the BSE in the afternoon session.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Express LOL: Robert Vadras Are You Serious moments throughhistoryPrint
By: Express LOL | Posted: November 3, 2014 4:02 pm
Robert Vadra is back with his best friend: controversy. After angrily shoving away a microphone after shouting ‘Are You Serious?’ repeatedly, he finds himself in unfamiliar territory: Memeland. Before he annexes some of that as well, let us take a minute to consider what Mr. Vadra would have done during various surprising moments in history.
We think his reactions might have been like these:

BSE Sensex closes flat after hitting record high; Tata Motors  other automakersfallSensex slipped from record-high, ends 5.45 points lower at 27,860.38; Nifty rose 1.95 points to 8,324.15. (AP)
By: Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: November 3, 2014 4:34 pm
BSE Sensex hit a third consecutive record high on Monday but the gains fizzled out later in the session, with both indexes ending flat as automakers such as Tata Motors declined after monthly sales fell.
Earlier in the session, sentiment had been supported by a continued rally in lenders such as ICICI Bank due to expectations the Reserve Bank of India would cut interest rates as early as its next policy reviews in December or February.
The broader NSE index had risen as much as 0.34 percent to a record high of 8,350.60, as sentiment was upbeat after U.S. shares ended at record highs on Friday on the back of the Bank of Japan’s surprise move to ramp up its stimulus programme.
Sentiment was also positive as overseas investors bought Indian shares worth $285 million on Friday, their biggest single-day buying since Sept. 5, exchange and regulatory data showed.
“We have seen a one-sided rally in the past few sessions. There could be some profit-booking. However, the undercurrent is still positive,” said Suresh Parmar, head, institutional equities at KJMC Capital Markets.
The benchmark BSE index closed 0.02 percent lower at 27,860.38 points after earlier rising as much as 0.37 percent to a record high of 27,969.82 points.
The broader NSE index closed 0.02 percent higher at 8,324.15 points.
Markets will be closed on Tuesday for a public holiday.
Data showing a modest pick-up in Indian factory activity, according to the HSBC Manufacturing Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI), failed to have much of an impact
Banking stocks gained with State Bank of India closing 0.76 percent higher on hopes of rate cuts. Traders also said the lender’s decision to cut some deposit rates could improve margins. ICICI Bank closed up 1.2 percent.
SBI and ICICI have gained 4.8 percent and 3.3 percent respectively in the last week.
Among state-run lenders, Punjab National Bank closed up 2 percent, while Bank of Baroda gained 2.2 percent and Canara Bank ended 1.7 percent higher.
Airlines also rose. Jet Airways ended up 3.7 percent while SpiceJet gained 6.8 percent after state-run oil marketing companies cut jet fuel prices.
However, auto stocks declined. Mahindra and Mahindra closed 2.96 percent lower, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd ended down 1.5 percent and Tata Motors fell 0.83 percent.
Among other decliners, Gail India Ltd closed down 5.6 percent despite posting a 42 percent rise in September quarter earnings as analysts say the profits were “propped up” by zero subsidy provision from the government.
 

Vistara ropes in Abraham & Thakore to design uniformsVistara ropes in Abraham & Thakore to design uniforms
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
Vistara, the soon-to-be launched full-service carrier, has brought on board the designer duo of Abraham & Thakore for designing uniforms of its pilots, cabin crew and the ground handling staff.
Vistara, which is awaiting a flying permit from the DGCA to roll out services in the country, is a 51:49 joint venture between Tata Sons and Singapore Airlines.
“Our brand building partners play an immensely significant role in integrating our core values in their creative approach. We have found the right partners who believe in our brand and its value proposition and will help us deliver seamless service experience to our customers,” Vistara Chief Executive Phee Teik Yeoh said.
The company has taken delivery of two aircraft so far.
With Delhi as its hub, Vistara plans to operate initially to five cities and go up to 11 within a year with 87 weekly flights.
The airline’s plans are to link Delhi with Mumbai, Bangalore, Goa, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Jammu, Srinagar, Patna and Chandigarh within the first year of operations.
Initially, the airline is likely to have two flights a day to Mumbai, one of them going onward to Goa. It may also start two flights a day each to Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Hyderabad.
Under its aggressive expansion plans, Vistara is likely to gradually add destinations such as Chennai, Pune, Lucknow, Varanasi, Jaipur, Kolkata, Amritsar, Bagdogra, Indore and Kochi in the first four years of its operations.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Karnataka to recommend capital punishment for rapistsKarnataka to recommend capital punishment for rapists
PTI
Tweet
Bengaluru, Nov 3:  
Karnataka government would recommend to the Union Government to take steps to provide for capital punishment to rapists, Women and Child Welfare Minister Umashree said today.
Amid growing public outrage over increasing sexual assaults, particularly of minor girls in schools here, Umashree told reporters here, “We will recommend to the central government to award capital punishment to rapists.”
She said the government has addressed the rape incidents adequately. “The government has warned the police to handle such cases strictly,” she said.
Umashree said the Women and Child Welfare Department has been coordinating with the Home department and taken prompt action to help rape victims.
Four cases of sexual assaults of minor girls in schools in as many months in Bangalore have led to growing public outrage and protests over lack of safety, with the institution staff members themselves being arrested.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Black money probe signals a/c inheritanceLarge-scale account inheritance emerges in black money probe
PTI     New Delhi/ Berne   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 17:25 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Accounts inherited from family members as also from previously constituted trusts or companies have come to the fore in a big way, as India seeks further details from Switzerland about those suspected to have 'unaccounted' wealth parked in the Swiss banks.
Hundreds of individuals and entities, including 627 names mentioned in a list submitted by the government to the Supreme Court, are facing probe for allegedly having black money in foreign banks including in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank.
While Switzerland has agreed to provide 'prompt' assistance to India and reply to information requests in a time-bound manner, the Indian authorities are conducting their own probes before approaching the Swiss government.
The due diligence of names accessed by Indian government through various sources, including the so-called HSBC list shared by the French government, has found that many such accounts have been "inherited" by their current owners from their parents, other family members or now-defunct trusts and companies that were set up years ago.
While the exact number of such accounts could not be ascertained, sources said that there are "quite a few" such accounts on which India is seeking further details from the Swiss authorities.
Switzerland, long accused of being a safe haven for illicit funds, last month promised to extend all necessary assistance to India and reply to requests for information in a "time-bound" manner, or at least provide a reason for denial.
Explaining the treaty provisions about disclosure of such 'secret' information, a Swiss Finance Ministry spokesperson recently told PTI from Berne that authorities from the two countries are having "regular contacts on bilateral tax matters", but refused to comment on particular cases citing 'confidentiality' clause of the Swiss-India tax treaty.
The government last week gave to the Supreme Court a list of 627 Indians with accounts in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank, on which probe for suspected black money is underway.
While this list was given in 'sealed envelopes', three other names were made public a day earlier as prosecution had been launched against those persons.
There has been a debate on whether disclosure of names, without prosecution, could violate tax treaties under which these names and other details are shared by foreign countries.
The exchange of information on tax matters between India and Switzerland is based on the double taxation agreement (DTA) and the protocol that was signed in 2010 between the two countries. It has been in force since October 2011.
This agreement is in line with international standards and provides for exchange of information on request.
The list of 627 persons with accounts in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank was received by India from the French government, while it had earlier got another list of Indians with suspected black money accounts from Germany.

Cold and snow smack Northeastcold and snow smack northeast
Mortgage relief promised in Greece...and
versions
ATHENS, Greece (AP) — The Greek government said Monday that mortgage holders may be allowed to pay discounted rates for up to 15 years, as part of a major effort to reduce the number of non-performing loans in the bailed-out country.
Just hours before taking up the defense portfolio, development minister Nikos Dendias said the government hopes to finalize plans next month granting loan holders the right to effectively freeze payments on 30 percent of the money borrowed to buy their home.
The hope, he said, is that the property market recovers from the steep drop in prices seen during the six-year recession.
Dendias, who said the government was in talks with banks on the scheme, made the announcement after submitting legislation to parliament to provide debt relief for small businesses, which have been hard hit by austerity measures demanded by international rescue lenders.
Greece has already achieved a major restructuring deal for its privately-held sovereign debt and has been promised a further improvement in repayment terms for bailout loans.
But the conservative coalition government is anxious to provide some relief for ordinary Greeks as it faces the threat of an early general election in March.
"The model we are examining ... is for a 30 percent reduction on the value of purchase," Dendias said.
"Then the loan would be divided into two parts: One part that would be serviced at the current rate, and a second part — known as a 'balloon' in banking terms — would be moved to a future date and repaid when the economy recovers and the house price returns to that original level. The model we are looking at is 15 years."
Non-performing and restructured loans reached 40 percent of the total by the end of last year, according to calculations included in inspection reports by the International Monetary Fund, which is participating in the Greek bailout alongside Greece's partners in the eurozone.
Dendias made the remarks Monday shortly before resigning his position to become Greece's new defense minister.
___
Follow Gatopoulos at http://www.twitter.com/dgatopoulos

CNA Financial misses 3Q profit forecasts... 
November 3, 2014 06:45 AM EST | Associated Press
CHICAGO (AP) _ CNA Financial Corp. (CNA) on Monday reported profit of $213 million in its third quarter.
On a per-share basis, the Chicago-based company said it had profit of 79 cents. Earnings, adjusted for one-time gains and costs, came to 80 cents per share.
The results did not meet Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 82 cents per share.
The insurance holding company posted revenue of $2.37 billion in the period, which topped Street forecasts. Analysts expected $2.24 billion, according to Zacks.
CNA Financial shares have declined nearly 9 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has decreased 3 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. CNA stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:CNA Financial,Earnings Report

Orbotech posts 3Q profit... 
November 3, 2014 06:42 AM EST | Associated Press
YAVNE, Israel (AP) _ Orbotech Ltd. (ORBK) on Monday reported profit of $7.4 million in its third quarter.
On a per-share basis, the Yavne, Israel-based company said it had net income of 17 cents. Earnings, adjusted for one-time gains and costs, came to 53 cents per share.
The equipment maker for electronics manufacturers posted revenue of $167.3 million in the period.
For the current quarter ending in December, Orbotech said it expects revenue in the range of $190 million.
Orbotech shares have increased 19 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has risen 33 percent in the last 12 months.
_____
This story was generated by Automated Insights using data from Zacks Investment Research. ORBK stock research report from Zacks.
_____
Keywords:Orbotech,Earnings Report

LabCorp to spend $6.1 billion on Covance... 
The Associated Press | November 3, 2014 06:40 AM EST | Associated Press
LabCorp will pay about $6.1 billion in cash and stock to buy Covance in a tie-up that aims to improve clinical trial research for pharmaceuticals.
LabCorp said Monday that it will pay $105.12 for each share of the Princeton, New Jersey, company, representing a 32 percent premium to Covance's closing price Friday. Covance shareholders will receive $75.76 in cash and a portion of LabCorp stock for each share they own. They would hold a nearly 16 percent ownership stake in the combined company.
Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings, based in Burlington, North Carolina, says the new company will improve patient recruitment for trials, make the research more efficient and deliver drug data faster.
Covance Inc. shareholders still need to approve the deal, which is expected to close early next year.

GAIL sets Dec 4 deadline for bids for hiring LNG shipsGAIL sets Dec 4 deadline for bids for hiring LNG ships
Ashok Leyland announces sales figures for October 2014Ashok Leyland announces sales figures for October 2014
Finolex Industries: Q2 results on Nov 13  2014Finolex Industries: Q2 results on Nov 13  2014
Airlines surge upto 10% as ATF prices slashed by 7.3 per centAirlines surge upto 10% as ATF prices slashed by 7.3 per cent
Chinese unmoved by gold price drop  see it cheaper stillChinese unmoved by gold price drop  see it cheaper still
Rate cut by RBI imminent: Royal Bank of ScotlandRate cut by RBI imminent: Royal Bank of Scotland
Bank of India Q2 profit climbs 26.4%Bank of India Q2 profit climbs 26.4%
Surprise stimulus from Bank of Japan lifts all markets; Sensex up 519 pointsMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Global markets rallied and the benchmark Sensex hit an all-time high on Friday after Japan unexpectedly increased its monetary stimulus just days after the US Federal Reserve wound down its years-long package of incentives.
Sensex zoomed 519.5 points or 1.9 per cent to close at a record 27,865.8, while the NSE Nifty surged by 153 points, or 1.87 per cent to end at a new peak of 8,322.20.
The rise came after the Bank of Japan board voted to accelerate purchases of Japanese government bonds to increase its holdings annually by ¥30 trillion to ¥80 trillion ($725 billion) and to triple its purchases of exchange-traded funds and real-estate investment trusts, following which foreign institutional investors (FIIs) pumped in funds into Indian equities.
The BSE benchmark Sensex has gained 4.2 per cent or 1,113 points over the last four trading sessions to inch closer to the next milestone of 28,000. The overall market cap at the BSE jumped to Rs 96,84,691 crore on Friday.
The FII inflow that largely remained subdued in October, took off over the last two trading sessions as they pumped in a net of Rs 3,011 crore between Thursday and Friday.
Experts say that while additional liquidity is pushing the markets, it remains to be seen as how some economies that are not doing well come out of the slowdown. (With Reuters)
More from indianmarkets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Ebola and the vast viraluniverseMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
Behind the hellish Ebola epidemic ravaging west Africa lies an agent that fittingly embodies the mad contradictions of a nightmare. It is alive yet dead, simple yet complex, mindless yet prophetic, seemingly able to anticipate our every move.
For scientists who study the evolution and behaviour of viruses, the Ebola pathogen is performing true to its vast, ancient and staggeringly diverse kind. By all evidence, researchers say, viruses have been parasitising living cells since the first cells arose on earth nearly four billion years ago.
Some researchers go so far as to suggest that viruses predate their hosts. That they essentially invented cells as a reliable and renewable resource they could then exploit for the sake of making new viral particles.
It was the primordial viral ‘collective’, says Luis P Villarreal, director of the Center for Virus Research at the University of California, Irvine, “that originated the capacity for life to be self-sustaining”.
“Viruses are not just these threatening or annoying parasitic agents,” he adds. “They’re the creative front of biology, where things get figured out, and they always have been.”
Researchers are deeply impressed by the depth and breadth of the viral universe, or virome. Viruses have managed to infiltrate the cells of every life form known to science. They infect animals, plants, bacteria, slime mould, even larger viruses. They replicate in their host cells so prodigiously and stream out into their surroundings so continuously that if you collected all the viral flotsam afloat in the world’s oceans, the combined tonnage would outweigh that of all the blue whales.
Not that viruses want to float freely. As so-called obligate parasites entirely dependent on host cells to replicate their tiny genomes and fabricate their protein packages newborn viruses, or virions, must find their way to fresh hosts or they will quickly fall apart, especially when exposed to sun, air or salt.
“Drying out is a death knell for viral particles,” says Lynn W Enquist, a virologist at Princeton.
How long shed virions can persist if kept moist and unbuffeted—for example, in soil or in body excretions like blood or vomit—is not always clear, but may be up to a week or two. That is why the sheets and clothing of Ebola patients must be treated as hazardous waste and surfaces hosed down with bleach.
Viruses are masters at making their way from host to host and cell to cell, using every possible channel. Whenever biologists discover a new way that body cells communicate with one another, sure enough, there’s a virus already tapping into exactly that circuit in its search for new meat.
Reporting recently in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Karla Kirkegaard, a professor of microbiology and genetics at Stanford University School of Medicine, and her colleagues described a kind of ‘unconventional secretion’ pathway based on so-called autophagy, or self-eating, in which cells digest small parts of themselves and release the pieces into their surroundings as signaling molecules targeted at other cells—telling them, for example, that it’s time for a new round of tissue growth.
The researchers determined that the poliovirus can exploit the autophagy conduit to cunning effect. Whereas it was long believed that new polio particles could exit their natal cell only by bursting it open and then seeking new cells to infect, the researchers found that the virions could piggyback to freedom along the autophagy pathway.
In that way, the virus could expand its infectious empire without destroying perfectly good viral factories en route. The researchers suspect that other so-called naked or non-enveloped viruses (like the cold virus and the enteroviruses that have lately plagued children in Asia) could likewise spread through unconventional secretion pathways.
For their part, viruses like Ebola have figured out how to slip in and out of cells without kicking up a fuss by cloaking themselves in a layer of greasy lipids stolen from the host cell membrane, rather as you might foist a pill down a pet’s throat by smearing it in butter.
According to Eric O Freed, the head of the virus-cell interaction section at the National Cancer Institute, several recent technological breakthroughs have revolutionised the study of viruses.
Advances in electron microscopy and super-resolved fluorescence microscopy—the subject of this year’s Nobel Prize in chemistry—allow scientists to track the movement of viral particles in and between cells, and to explore the fine atomic structure of a virus embraced by an antibody, or a virus clasped on to the protein lock of a cell.
Through ultrafast gene sequencing and targeted gene silencing techniques, researchers have identified genes critical to viral infection and drug resistance. “We’ve discovered viruses we didn’t even know existed,” Freed says. And that could prove important to detecting the emergence of a new lethal strain.
Gene sequencing has also allowed researchers to trace the deep background of viruses, which, at an average of a few billionths of an inch across, are far too minuscule to fossilise. In fact, viruses were first identified in the 19th century by size, as infectious agents able to pass through filters that trapped all bacteria.
Through genomic analysis, researchers have identified ancient viral codes embedded in the DNA of virtually every phyletic lineage. The unmistakable mark of a viral code? Instructions for making the capsid, the virus’s protective protein shell, which surrounds its genetic core and lends the viral particle its infectious power.
“It turns out there are not many ways to make the pieces that will snap together into an effective package,” says Enquist, of Princeton. “It’s an event that may have occurred only once or twice” in evolutionary history.
Viruses are also notable for what they lack. They have no ribosomes, the cellular components that fabricate the proteins that do all the work of keeping cells alive.
Instead, viruses carry instructions for co-opting the ribosomes of their host, and repurposing them to the job of churning out capsid and other viral proteins. Other host components are enlisted to help copy the instructions for building new viruses, in the form of DNA or RNA, and to install those concise nucleic texts in the newly constructed capsids.
“Viruses are almost miraculously devious,” Freed says. “They’re just bundles of protein and nucleic acid, and they’re able to get into cells and run the show.”
“On the one hand, they’re quite simple,” Enquist says. “On the other hand, they may be the most highly evolved form of genetic information on the planet.”
Viruses also work tirelessly to evade the immune system that seeks to destroy them. One of the deadliest features of the Ebola virus is its capacity to cripple the body’s first line of defense against a new pathogen, by blocking the release of interferon.
“That gives the virus a big advantage to grow and spread,” says Christopher F Basler, a professor of microbiology at Mount Sinai School of Medicine.
At the same time, says Aftab Ansari of Emory University School of Medicine, the virus disables the body’s coagulation system, leading to uncontrolled bleeding. By the time the body can rally its second line of defense, the adaptive immune system, it is often too late.
Yet the real lethality of Ebola, Ansari says, stems from a case of mistaken location, a zoonotic jump from wild animal to human being. The normal host for Ebola virus is the fruit bat, in which the virus replicates at a moderate pace without killing or noticeably sickening the bat.
“A perfect parasite is able to replicate and not kill its host,” Ansari says. “The Ebola virus is the perfect parasite for a bat.”
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

http://usat.ly/1w9H2HUFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Employees rewarded with beer for completing timesheets
Ad Agency Colle + McVoy designed and built the Tapserver, a 'one of a kind multi keg beer deployment system,' to reward employees who fill out their time sheets.  Video provided by Buzz60
Post to Facebook
Employees rewarded with beer for completing timesheets Ad Agency Colle + McVoy designed and built the Tapserver, a 'one of a kind multi keg beer deployment system,' to reward employees who fill out their time sheets.  Video provided by Buzz60 Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u2DXdV
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Employees rewarded with beer for completing timesheets
Ad Agency Colle + McVoy designed and built the Tapserver, a 'one of a kind multi keg beer deployment system,' to reward employees who fill out their time sheets.  Video provided by Buzz60 Newslook
More Videos:

Rupee drops to 2-week low vs USDforeign exchange market
Moving in opposite direction to stocks, the rupee on Thursday fell for the fourth day, dipping 10 paise to close at two-week low of 61.45 against the Greenback after US Federal Reserve kept in place its plans to maintain record low interest rate for some more time.
While the Fed’s bond buying programme came to an end as expected, the continuation of ultra low interest rate regime lifted the dollar overseas against major currencies, thereby keeping the rupee under pressure, a forex dealer said.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced sharply lower at 61.52 a dollar from previous close of 61.35. It later moved in a narrow range of 61.39 and 61.55 before concluding at 61.45, showing a fall of 10 paise or 0.21 per cent.
In four days, the rupee has dipped by 21 paise or 0.37 per cent to end at its weakest level since October 16 (61.83).
The Indian benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Thursday spurted by 248.16 points, or 0.92 per cent, to end at all-time high of 27,346.33. FIIs bought shares worth USD 123.13 million on Wednesday, as per SEBI data.
The dollar index was trading higher by 0.26 per cent against its major global rivals after Fed on Wednesday made official its plans to end the last round of its recession-era stimulus programme while reiterating its stance of keeping its interest rate low.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said: “Rupee traded weak as month-end dollar demand from importers. However, rupee trimmed its initial losses on good foreign capital inflows into equity market....The trading range for the Spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 60.90 to 61.90.”
The depreciation of the rupee was limited as investors believe that the Indian markets have been performing fairly better than other countries, said Suresh Nair, Director, Admisi Forex India Pvt Ltd.
In the forwards market, premium dropped on fresh receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in March dipped to 191.193 paise from 198-200 paise previously and far-forward contracts maturing in September, 2015 also tumbled to 417.5-419.5 paise from 428.5-430.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 61.4636 and for the Euro at 77.4503.
The rupee recovered against the pound to 98.32 from 98.87 yesterday and also recouped to 77.37 per euro from 78.14.
It too rebounded to end at 56.38 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.76.

Bank of Japan expands stimulus spendingUpdated: November 1, 2014 00:16 IST
Bank of Japan expands stimulus spending
Reuters
central bank
The BOJ’s decision stands in marked contrast with the Federal Reserve, which, on Wednesday, ended its own ‘quantitative easing’, judging that the U.S. economy had recovered enough to dispense with the emergency flood of cash into its financial system.
The Bank of Japan (BOJ) surprised global financial markets on Friday by expanding its massive stimulus spending in a stark admission that economic growth and inflation have not picked up as much as expected after a sales tax hike in April.
The jolt from the BOJ, which had been expected to maintain its level of asset purchases, came as the government signalled its readiness to ramp up spending to boost the economy and as the government pension fund, the world's largest, was set to increase purchases of domestic and foreign stocks.
BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda portrayed the decision as a pre-emptive strike to keep policy on track, rather than an admission that his plan to reflate the long moribund-economy had derailed.
“We decided to expand the quantitative and qualitative easing to ensure the early achievement of our price target,’’ he told a news conference, reaffirming the BOJ’s goal of pushing consumer price inflation to 2 per cent next year.
“We are in a critical moment in the effort to break free from the deflationary mindset.’’
The BOJ’s decision stands in marked contrast with the Federal Reserve, which, on Wednesday, ended its own ‘quantitative easing’, judging that the U.S. economy had recovered enough to dispense with the emergency flood of cash into its financial system.
In a rare split decision, the BOJ’s board voted 5-4 to accelerate purchases of Japanese government bonds so that its holdings increase at an annual pace of 80 trillion yen ($723.4 billion), up by 30 trillion yen. The central bank also said it would triple its purchases of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and real-estate investment trusts (REITs) and buy longer-dated debt, sending Tokyo shares soaring and prompting a sharp sell-off in the yen.
Economy floundering
In a semi-annual report, the BOJ halved its growth forecast for the fiscal year to March to 0.5 per cent. It slightly lowered its CPI forecast for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2015, but still expects to meet its inflation target within the two-year timeframe it originally set out.
The benchmark Nikkei stock index spiked to a 7-year high on the BOJ bombshell. It closed up 4.8 per cent, building on early gains from the news of the asset-allocation changes by the Government Pension Investment Fund.
The yen tumbled to its lowest level in nearly seven years against the dollar on Friday, putting it on track for its biggest losses in 18 months.

TRAI to start review of telecom interconnect charges this weekNew Delhi, November 2, 2014
Updated: November 2, 2014 12:25 IST
TRAI to start review of telecom interconnect charges this week
PTI
telecommunication service
Telecom regulator TRAI is likely to review this week interconnect charges, which one telecom operator pays to another for completing calls and SMSes.
In the previous review, Telecom Regulatory Authority of India has reduced interconnect charges, leading to reduction in tariffs.
“TRAI has plans to start process to review IUC (inter usage connection) charges this week,” an official source told PTI.
This would be second IUC review by TRAI after the one in 2009. The regulation was framed in 2003.
At present, TRAI had fixed a mobile call termination charge at 20 paise per minute for all local and national long-distance charges. This charge earlier varied between 15 to 50 paise depending on the distance.
This means that a telecom company now pays 20 paise per minute charge to the other company on whose network call has been made.
The regulator raised the MTC (mobile termination charge) for incoming international calls to 40 paise per minute from 30 paise, while putting a ceiling on carriage fee of 65 paise per minute for domestic long-distance calls.
TRAI had started a consultation process to review IUC in 2011 but the same was challenged by telecom operators.

Friday s crash of the Virgin GalacticBranson: 'A massive setback' Watch
Virgin Galactic insists safety has always been central to its operations, following the crash of its experimental spacecraft in the US on Friday.
The company said that principle "has guided every decision we have made over the past decade, and any suggestion to the contrary is categorically untrue".
SpaceShipTwo broke up in mid-air during a test flight in California's Mojave Desert, killing one of the two pilots.
Virgin Galactic aims to send tourists on suborbital flights.
US National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) head Christopher Hart said the cause of the crash was still to be determined, but added that investigators had discovered that a device to slow the craft's descent had prematurely deployed "without being commanded".
He said SpaceShipTwo's fuel tanks and engines showed no signs of being compromised.
NTSB investigators have now found almost all of the parts of the crashed spacecraft as part of an inquiry that could take many months to complete.
"We'll be looking at training issues. We'll be looking at was there pressure to continue testing. We'll be looking at safety culture. We'll be looking at the design, the procedure," Mr Hart told reporters.
"We've got many, many issues to look in to much more extensively before we can determine the cause."
'Time to focus'
Virgin Galactic founding astronaut Per Wimmer: "Space is difficult"
In a statement responding to criticism in the media about its approach to safety, Virgin Galactic said "everything we do is to pursue the vision of accessible and democratised space - and to do it safely".
It added: "Just like early air or sea travel, it is hard and complicated, but we believe that a thriving commercial space industry will have far reaching benefits for humanity, technology and research for generations to come.
"Now is not the time for speculation. Now is the time to focus on all those affected by this tragic accident and to work with the experts at the NTSB, to get to the bottom of what happened on that tragic day."
Virgin Galactic founder Sir Richard Branson has said he is "determined to find out what went wrong" and learn from the tragedy.
The pilots
Peter Siebold, left, survived the incident but his co-pilot, Michael Alsbury, died
Michael Alsbury

weakest level against the US dollar for seven years6.28770
 
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

which rises to 7.85 an hour todayUK 'living wage' raised to £7.85 an hour
Rhys Moore, Living Wage Foundation: "The right thing to do"
Minimum wage up to £6.50 an hour
The UK "living wage" - an hourly rate based on the amount needed to cover the basic costs of living - has been raised by 20p to £7.85.
The voluntary wage - set by the Living Wage Foundation - is now 21% higher than the compulsory National Minimum Wage, which is currently £6.50 an hour.
The rate in London will rise from £8.80 an hour to £9.15, the mayor, Boris Johnson, announced.
However, some business groups said employers might struggle to pay it.
The living wage has been adopted by more than 1,000 employers across the country, benefiting 35,000 workers.
Firms who have signed up to the voluntary scheme include Barclays, Standard Life, the National Portrait Gallery, as well as many local councils and charities.
On Sunday, Citizens UK, the community organisation behind the Living Wage project, said the number of companies paying the rate had more than doubled in the past year.
'Struggle'
We need to avoid stigmatising those employers who cannot afford the living wage”
End Quote Simon Walker Institute of Directors
Despite this rise, research published on Monday by accounting firm KPMG - a supporter of the wage - found 22% of the working population earn less than the 2013 Living Wage - which was set at £7.65 an hour.
It said more than five million people were paid below that rate, and that women were more likely to earn less than men.
Among them is John from Manchester, who earns £7.10 an hour - above the minimum wage, but less than the living wage.
He is employed by a well-known High Street retailer, but he and his colleagues cannot afford to buy anything from the shop where they work.
"If your salary from the store is your only source of income it is a struggle to shop at the full prices in any of the sections," he told the BBC.
"If two young people working in the retail industry tried to get a mortgage they would be laughed out of the bank," he added.
'Dilemma'
However, some business groups are not happy with the increase in the living wage.
The Institute of Directors (IoD) said some employers might struggle to pay it. It also said that it would rather concentrate on keeping people in work, even if it meant lower wages.
"For businesses operating in a particularly competitive environment, they face a difficult dilemma - employing five people on the minimum wage, or just four on the living wage," said Simon Walker, director general of the IoD.
"This isn't a decision any business leader takes lightly, and we need to avoid stigmatising those employers who cannot afford the living wage," he added.
The Federation of Small Businesses said it supported the living wage, but that it should remain a voluntary goal.
What is the difference between the living wage and the national minimum wage?
The living wage is an informal benchmark, not a legally enforceable minimum level of pay, like the national minimum wage.
The national minimum wage is set by the business secretary each year on the advice of the Low Pay Commission. It is enforced by HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC).
The living wage is currently calculated by the Centre for Research in Social Policy at Loughborough University, while the London living wage has been calculated by the Greater London Authority since 2005.
The basic idea is that these are the minimum pay rates needed to let workers lead a decent life.
Read more on the Living Wage .
Rhys Moore, director of the Living Wage Foundation, said low pay was a strain on the public purse, as "firms that pay the minimum wage are seeing their workers' pay topped up through the benefits system".
He added that "rewarding a hard day's work with a fair day's pay" was the driving principle behind the Living Wage.
More on This Story

US  death with dignity  activist Brittany Maynard kills selfUS 'death with dignity' activist Brittany Maynard kills self
AFP
Los Angeles, November 03, 2014
First Published: 08:29 IST(3/11/2014)
print
Brittany Maynard, in an undated file photo provided by the Maynard family (AP Photo)
Brittany Maynard, a 29-year-old American woman with terminal cancer has committed suicide, following promises to do so that had triggered shock and controversy over the right to die.
Maynard, a brain cancer sufferer, made headlines earlier this month when a video of her making her suicide threat went viral and was seen by millions of Web users.
"Goodbye to all my dear friends and family that I love. Today is the day I have chosen to pass away with dignity in the face of my terminal illness, this terrible brain cancer that has taken so much from me... but would have taken so much more," she wrote in a message circulated widely on social media.
"The world is a beautiful place, travel has been my greatest teacher, my close friends and folks are the greatest givers. I even have a ring of support around my bed as I type... Goodbye world. Spread good energy. Pay it forward!"
In January, Maynard was given six months to live and told her death would be painful because of the aggressive nature of her cancer. She had been trying for a first child with her husband Dan Diaz at the time, but gave up due to her disease.
Maynard and her husband, who had just married when she began having severe headaches, moved from their home in California to Oregon, one of a handful of US states with a "right-to-die" law.
A doctor could therefore prescribe her the medication she needs to end her own life, surrounded by her family in the bedroom she shares with her husband.
On Thursday, she had released a new video in which she said she might temporarily delay her appointment with a self-administered cocktail of potentially deadly drugs.
But the delay was a short one. Her story has made headlines around the world, and she was featured on the cover of last week's People magazine in the United States.
Maynard has in recent weeks and months been working to tick off items on a "bucket list" of what she wants to do before she dies -- including traveling to the Grand Canyon last week.

Back in August it reportedJust Eat sees profits almost treble as orders surge
Just Eat lets people order from local restaurants
Online takeaway service Just Eat has seen first half profits almost treble after it expanded the number of restaurants it has tie-ups with.
Pre-tax profit rose to £8.6m from £3.1m, while revenues jumped 58% to £69.8m in the six months to the end of June.
The firm added 4,400 new restaurants to its books and now has 40,800 in total.
It makes money from commissions charged to restaurants on the value of orders placed through its website.
Last Updated at 05 Dec 2014, 16:30 *Chart shows local time
price
+1.63
The company said it was confident its rapid growth would continue.
"I am delighted with our excellent progress. It has been an exciting period for Just Eat," said chief executive David Buttress.
Just Eat operates in 13 countries, but said the UK still accounted for almost three quarters of its sales.
It said the "particularly wet period of winter weather" in the UK in the first two months of the year, boosted orders as consumers chose to stay indoors.
Its average revenue per order was now £2.26, up from £2.10 in the same period a year ago.
Shares rose over 8% in early trading.
More on This Story

plan to give taxpayers a breakdownOsborne's tax summary dismissed as propaganda by the TUC
 
Quiz of the new tax year
An initiative to show millions of taxpayers exactly how their money is spent has been dismissed as 'propaganda' by the TUC.
As promised by the chancellor, George Osborne, in 2012, taxpayers are this week starting to receive letters which detail where their money goes.
The TUC said the letters as "party political propaganda masquerading as neutral information".
But the government said they amounted to "a revolution in transparency".
The letters show that 24.5% of government spending goes on welfare payments.
The first statements showing taxpayers where their money goes are "very misleading", the TUC says.
"The chancellor is relying on the fact that many people think spending called welfare all goes to the unemployed," said the TUC's general secretary, Frances O'Grady.
She said the government was trying to soften the electorate up for further cuts.
'Promise'
The summaries will set out how much tax and National Insurance each person has paid, together with a breakdown of where it was spent - for example welfare, transport, health and education.
"It's about people getting information," Mr Osborne told the BBC.
"This is about people knowing where their money is going and how much tax they're paying.
"I think it is going to help as a country the debate we have about living within our means."
Example of the Annual Tax Summary breakdown
Someone earning £45,000 a year will be sent a letter like this from HMRC
But the information being sent out also does not include indirect taxation, like VAT, fuel and alcohol duty.
"Families and pensioners are paying more in higher VAT, but that tax isn't part of these statements," said the shadow exchequer secretary to the Treasury, Shabana Mahmood.
Over the last ten years, the government has shifted more of the tax burden to indirect taxes, like VAT or alcohol duty.
According to Bloomsbury Professional, an accountancy firm, while direct taxes have increased by 38% over that period, indirect taxes have risen by 49%.
Analysis
By Joe Lynam, BBC News Business Correspondent
No other European country gives its taxpayers such a breakdown of how their taxes are being spent.
Australia is the only developed economy that already does so. This chancellor, with his highly-tuned political antennae, will be fully aware of the impact of such statements. He knows that some income taxpayers will resent that a quarter of their taxes go on welfare payments.
He acknowledges it will provoke a debate and one that might benefit his party, which aims to cut welfare spending even further if re-elected in May. Of course the tax summaries do not break down the welfare payments into their constituent parts such as unemployment, child benefit, winter fuel allowance, in-work tax credit etc.
Critics will say that is a deliberate omission.
One further notable element is the single smallest element of your tax bill is Britain's contribution to the EU budget at 0.7%.
There are almost 30 million taxpayers in the UK, and those who do not receive a summary can use HM Revenue & Custom's tax calculator to get similar information, the Treasury said.
 

Ryanair announced strongPilot strike hits Air France profits
Ryanair has lifted its full-year profit forecast and reported a 32% rise in half-year net profit to €795m (£621m).
The no-frills airline said full-year profit would now be between €750m and €770m, compared with its previous forecast of €650m.
Passenger numbers rose 4% in the first half of the year, and it now expects traffic to rise 16% in the second half.
It cautioned the raised guidance was "heavily reliant" on the strength of second-half bookings.
Ryanair CEO Michael O’Leary: Customer service improvement behind profits rise
The carrier said its average fare rose 5% in the first half of the year to €54.
However, chief executive Michael O'Leary told the BBC that "slightly higher" summer fares would be used to "slash" winter fares "by between 6 and 8%". He thought this would leave full-year prices flat or up only slightly.
The airline has signed a deal for as many as 200 additional Boeing aircraft, which have extra seats and more legroom.
The planes, which are due to be delivered between 2019 to 2024, would "significantly lower" its unit costs and enable it to cut fares further, Ryanair said.
"As these strong H1 results and raised full-year guidance demonstrate, our business model is performing well but much work remains to be done," Ryanair said.
More on This Story

about reported commentsGermany 'would accept UK exit from EU' to protect migration rules
 
Angela Merkel is reported to have told David Cameron that she will not negotiate on EU migration
Barroso: EU exit would harm UK
Chancellor Angela Merkel has reportedly warned David Cameron she would rather see the UK leave the EU than compromise over the principle of free movement.
Der Spiegel news magazine quotes German government sources as saying she feared the UK was near a "point of no return".
Chancellor George Osborne dismissed the story as speculation about how Germany may react to a future UK policy shift.
But he insisted ministers would act in the national interest in addressing public concerns about immigration.
He told BBC Breakfast that concerns about abuses of the benefit system were causing "great unhappiness" but the UK would approach future negotiations in a "calm and rational" way.
Mr Cameron wants to renegotiate the terms of the UK's continued membership before holding an in-out referendum.
The prime minister has insisted that freedom of movement of workers would be "at the very heart of my renegotiation strategy for Europe".
But Mrs Merkel is said by the magazine to have made clear she will withdraw her support for the UK's continued EU membership if he continues to push for migration reform which requires fundamental changes to the principles of the organisation.
'Britain first'
The German chancellor's warning to Mr Cameron is reported to have come in a meeting on the fringes of the latest EU summit in Brussels last week.
Der Spiegel, quoting sources within the German chancellor's office and German foreign ministry, said this was the first time Mrs Merkel had acknowledged that the UK's exit from the EU was possible.
"Should Cameron persist (in this plan), Chancellor Angela Merkel would abandon her efforts to keep Britain in the EU," it quoted the sources as saying.
"With that a point of no return would be reached. That would be it then."
According to the Sunday Times , Germany has already rejected a proposal to impose quotas on low-skilled EU migrants by limiting the national insurance numbers issued to them.
Der Spiegel reported that Mr Cameron was now looking at a plan to stretch the EU rules "to their limits" in order to ban migrants who do not have a job, and to deport those who are unable to support themselves after three months.
'No iron lady'
Conservative MP David Davis said Mrs Merkel was an "important" figure in Europe but "she is not an iron lady", suggesting she was also likely to come under pressure from within Germany to restrict immigration within Europe from countries with lower average incomes.
He told BBC's Radio 4's Today programme that any British official calling for a "German compliant" re-negotiating approach should be removed from their job.
On Sunday, Conservative MP and former justice secretary Kenneth Clarke defended EU migration.
"If you're going to have a sensible single market, if we want to compete with the Americans and the Chinese and so on, we need the free movement of labour," he told BBC's Sunday Politics.
A Downing Street spokesman said Mr Cameron would make a speech on immigration before Christmas, and stressed "you can be sure he will always put Britain first."
 

reports pre-tax profits of $4.6bn (2.9bn)HSBC has set aside $378m (£237m) to cover potential costs from investigations into currency trading.
HSBC is among several banks being investigated over the alleged rigging of currency markets.
The bank also set aside $589m (£368.2m) for potential further PPI insurance mis-selling claims.
"Despite the rising regulatory expectations, I am confident our business model remains sustainable," said HSBC boss Stuart Gulliver.
HSBC disclosed the figures as it reported a rise in pre-tax profits for the third quarter to $4.6bn from $4.5bn a year ago.
Currency probe
Last week, Barclays set aside £500m and RBS reserved £400m to cover costs from the currency market investigation.
HSBC said discussions were "ongoing" with the UK financial watchdog The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), over its foreign exchange investigation relating to "one part of its spot FX trading business in London".
"Although there can be no certainty that a resolution will be agreed, if one is reached, the resolution is likely to involve the payment of a significant financial penalty," it added.
The FCA, as well as the UK's Serious Fraud Office, are among more than dozen regulators across the world probing alleged fixing of currency markets.
It is alleged that traders used online chatrooms to plan the fixing of benchmark prices.
Several investment banks, including HSBC and Barclays, have already suspended currency traders due to the investigation by the FCA.
FCA chief Martin Wheatley has said that currency manipulation was "every bit as bad" as the Libor scandal, where banks including Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland and UBS paid fines totalling about $6bn relating to Libor fixing.
HSBC's operating expenses were 16% higher in the three months to the end of September than in the same period a year ago.
HSBC attributed part of the increase to the $701m it has set aside for UK customer compensation.
"Stripping out the regulatory provisions, this is a strong operating quarter for HSBC. Unfortunately, the provisions cannot be ignored. General cost inflation is another drag on the numbers whilst the company's exposure to the emerging markets is occasionally of concern," said Richard Hunter, head of equities at Hargreaves Lansdown.
More on This Story

Vasan repeats what his father did to CongressPrint
G K Vasan is son of G K Moopanar
By: Press Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: November 3, 2014 2:42 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 7:37 pm
History repeated itself for Congress in Tamil Nadu on Monday when its senior leader G K Vasan broke away from the party to float a new outfit, an action his father G K Moopanar resorted to 17 years ago.
Sulking over the Congress decision to forge electoral truck with AIADMK, Moopanar, a veteran and influential leader of Congress, came out of the party and floated the Tamil Manila Congress (TMC) in 1996.
However, after his death, TMC merged with Congress in 2002.
Vasan, who spent 14 years in Congress, today announced that he would float a new party in Tamil Nadu to bring back the “Kamaraj rule”, another revered leader of the state.
“We want to ensure Kamaraj rule in Tamil Nadu”, Vasan said.

Futures spooked after Halloween weekendStock futures spooked after Halloween weekend
By: William Cummings November 3, 2014 4:02 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
After hitting some record highs last week, market indexes appeared ready to cool off after the Halloween weekend as stock futures dipped in pre-market trading.
Here is where futures trading stood ahead of the opening bell:
Dow: -0.2%
Nasdaq: -0.2%
Investors shouldn’t worry though. November is historically a hot month for stocks .
In Asia, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index dipped 0.3%, while the Shanghai composite rose 0.4%. Japan’s stock exchange was closed for Culture Day, a national holiday.
Britain’s FTSE 100 lost 1.4% while Germany’s DAX  and France’s CAC 40 dropped 0.3%.
 

Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil GartsideBolton Wanderers are currently owned by businessman Eddie Davies
3 November 2014 Last updated at 10:06
print
Bolton Wanderers chairman in Thailand for takeover talks
Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside is in Thailand having discussions about a possible takeover of the Championship side, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
Thai entertainment company BEC-Tero and Siam Sport Syndicate have previously been linked with a joint bid.
Businessman Eddie Davies currently owns Wanderers through parent company Burnden Leisure PLC, who last December announced they were £163.8m in debt.
Bolton ended an 11-year stay in the top flight after their relegation in 2012.
Lennon unconcerned by takeover talks
"I don't know about selling the club, but I know Phil Gartside is in Thailand to discuss a proposition from some Thai businessmen," Bolton manager Neil Lennon said.
"I've no idea what the ins and outs of it are, I'll know more when Phil comes back."
Gartside has previously played down the significance of the amount of debt because more than £150m of the £163.8m figure is owed to Davies.
Former Celtic manager Lennon, 43, only took over at Bolton last month after Dougie Freedman was sacked.
"Is the takeover a concern? Not really. But it is strange that this has happened so soon in my tenure if you want to put it that way," added Lennon.
"I'll sit down with Phil and discuss what the situation is.
"But if it is the best thing going forward for the club then so be it."
Also related to this story

according to the TelegraphCitigroup’s £3m to help build bridges
US bank becomes first company to make donation towards Thames footbridge    project
The bridge, between Temple and the South Bank, is budgeted to cost £150m 
Comments
The US bank Citigroup has become the first company to make a donation towards    the Garden Bridge, a new footbridge across the Thames in London, which is    due to open in 2018.
The bank has pledged £3m for the project, which is the brainchild of actress    Joanna Lumley, and was designed by Thomas Heatherwick, who created the    cauldron for the 2012 Olympic Games.
Lord Davies, the former chairman of Standard Chartered bank and chairman of    trustees of the Garden Bridge project, said: “The first donors are always    the biggest help because they give you the confidence to move to the next    level.”
As official bank partner on the project, Citigroup will provide financial    services support to the trust.
James Bardrick, head of Citigroup in the UK, said: “It is going to an    incredibly iconic new space. We hope that, in a hundred years, it will be    somewhere that will come to mind when people think of London.
Related Articles

But petitions have been startedOpposition to River Thames garden bridge plan grows
 
Some people living and working nearby are objecting to the bridge
Related Stories
Garden bridge from cauldron designer
A proposed "garden bridge" will span the Thames between Temple and the South Bank and is billed as a beautiful garden area with 270 trees.
It has the high profile backing of the Mayor of London, actress Joanna Lumley and architect Thomas Heatherwick, who designed the new bus for London and the London Olympic cauldron.
But local opposition is growing to the project and some residents are not happy.
Petitions have been started to stop the bridge, as has a campaign called Thames Open Central Space.
The argument of some of those who live locally is the bridge is in the wrong place and is not needed.
The detail within the planning application is also very interesting, as it reveals Temple Tube station would be shut for six months.
More than 30 trees will be cut down and green space on the South Bank would be lost to house the bridge landing at Bernie Spain Gardens.
Campaigners say they are losing green space to build green space and this makes no sense.
The planning application estimates there would be 7.1 million visitors a year to the bridge or about 30,000 a day.
It will be open from 06:00 until midnight 365 days a year, but cyclists will not be able to use the bridge.
Overcrowding
The campaigners argue the South Bank already has plenty of tourists and the bridge would cause overcrowding.
The City of London has also raised concerns about the protected views of St Paul's Cathedral, as the building could obscure the building from some sections of the South Bank.
There is also concern over the finances, as the cost to the public purse was meant to be low because most of the project was meant to be privately funded.
TfL agreed "enabling costs" of £4m, now the Mayor has announced TfL will pay £30m to the project and the Treasury will match that.
But there is a get-out clause: "It is proposed that around £38m each will be provided by TfL and the government in the pre-contract phase; if the project does not proceed beyond the stage, this funding will be at risk."
According to an executive summary for the Mayor in June 2014 the cost of the bridge was £159m, although recently in a report by the Guardian the total was announced as £175m.
In total over £100m will have to come from private donors and the bridge will cost £2.5m a year to run.
Caroline Pidgeon, from the Liberal Democrats on the London Assembly, says this follows a pattern from the Mayor where initially it is promised that not much public money will be used, but eventually TfL ends up footing the bill.
Campaigners say they are losing green space to build green space
The bridge will link Southbank to the north side of the river at Temple Tube station
The accusation is the same thing that happened before with hire bikes scheme and the cable car.
The business case has a benefit to cost ratio of 1.9:1, meaning you get £1.90 back for every £1 investment, which puts the bridge at the lower end of the benefits of transport projects.
Compare that to these other figures from TfL:
Crossrail 3.1:1
Sub surface upgrade 8.1:1
Future Tube upgrades 3.3:1
TfL says the bridge will create new opportunities for walking, reduce journey times and support economic development on both sides of the river.
According to the planning application, the trees on the bridge will be restricted to 49 ft (15m) in height to protect the views.
Lambeth Council will consider the planning application in November.
 

rate for the UK as a wholeUK 'living wage' raised to £7.85 an hour
Rhys Moore, Living Wage Foundation: "The right thing to do"
Minimum wage up to £6.50 an hour
The UK "living wage" - an hourly rate based on the amount needed to cover the basic costs of living - has been raised by 20p to £7.85.
The voluntary wage - set by the Living Wage Foundation - is now 21% higher than the compulsory National Minimum Wage, which is currently £6.50 an hour.
The rate in London will rise from £8.80 an hour to £9.15, the mayor, Boris Johnson, announced.
However, some business groups said employers might struggle to pay it.
The living wage has been adopted by more than 1,000 employers across the country, benefiting 35,000 workers.
Firms who have signed up to the voluntary scheme include Barclays, Standard Life, the National Portrait Gallery, as well as many local councils and charities.
On Sunday, Citizens UK, the community organisation behind the Living Wage project, said the number of companies paying the rate had more than doubled in the past year.
'Struggle'
We need to avoid stigmatising those employers who cannot afford the living wage”
End Quote Simon Walker Institute of Directors
Despite this rise, research published on Monday by accounting firm KPMG - a supporter of the wage - found 22% of the working population earn less than the 2013 Living Wage - which was set at £7.65 an hour.
It said more than five million people were paid below that rate, and that women were more likely to earn less than men.
Among them is John from Manchester, who earns £7.10 an hour - above the minimum wage, but less than the living wage.
He is employed by a well-known High Street retailer, but he and his colleagues cannot afford to buy anything from the shop where they work.
"If your salary from the store is your only source of income it is a struggle to shop at the full prices in any of the sections," he told the BBC.
"If two young people working in the retail industry tried to get a mortgage they would be laughed out of the bank," he added.
'Dilemma'
However, some business groups are not happy with the increase in the living wage.
The Institute of Directors (IoD) said some employers might struggle to pay it. It also said that it would rather concentrate on keeping people in work, even if it meant lower wages.
"For businesses operating in a particularly competitive environment, they face a difficult dilemma - employing five people on the minimum wage, or just four on the living wage," said Simon Walker, director general of the IoD.
"This isn't a decision any business leader takes lightly, and we need to avoid stigmatising those employers who cannot afford the living wage," he added.
The Federation of Small Businesses said it supported the living wage, but that it should remain a voluntary goal.
What is the difference between the living wage and the national minimum wage?
The living wage is an informal benchmark, not a legally enforceable minimum level of pay, like the national minimum wage.
The national minimum wage is set by the business secretary each year on the advice of the Low Pay Commission. It is enforced by HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC).
The living wage is currently calculated by the Centre for Research in Social Policy at Loughborough University, while the London living wage has been calculated by the Greater London Authority since 2005.
The basic idea is that these are the minimum pay rates needed to let workers lead a decent life.
Read more on the Living Wage .
Rhys Moore, director of the Living Wage Foundation, said low pay was a strain on the public purse, as "firms that pay the minimum wage are seeing their workers' pay topped up through the benefits system".
He added that "rewarding a hard day's work with a fair day's pay" was the driving principle behind the Living Wage.
More on This Story

our colleagues in Scotland reportPrint
First oil flows from Golden Eagle field in North Sea
The Golden Eagle development is expected to reach peak production of about 70,000 barrels a day in 2015
China dives into North Sea waters
Oil production has started at the major Golden Eagle development in the UK North Sea, according to operators Nexen Petroleum UK.
The development currently has two wells with the potential to produce about 18,000 barrels of oil per day.
Eventually 15 production wells and six water injection wells will be drilled.
The Golden Eagle Area Development (GEAD) is expected to reach peak production of about 70,000 barrels per day in 2015.
The project, which includes the Golden Eagle, Peregrine and Solitaire fields, lies about 70km (44 miles) north-east of Aberdeen.
Nexen, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chinese offshore oil producer CNOOC, has 36.54% interest in the development.
The remaining interests are held by Maersk Oil North Sea UK (31.56%), Suncor Energy UK (26.69%) and Edinburgh oil and Gas (5.21%).
'Great achievement'
CNOOC chief executive Li Fanrong said: "GEAD was delivered on schedule, on budget, and to world-class safety standards.
"The GEAD supported in excess of 2,500 jobs in the UK and makes a significant production contribution to the company in the near future."
Maersk Oil UK managing director Martin Rune Pedersen said: "Today's announcement represents a great achievement by the Golden Eagle project teams.
"A project of this scale is important for the UK North Sea and for Maersk Oil - to deliver it safely, on time and on budget is an excellent performance."
More on This Story

Karat asks Centre to drop disinvestment of RINLUpdated: November 2, 2014 23:15 IST
Karat asks Centre to drop disinvestment of RINL
Santosh Patnaik
CPI (M) general secretary Prakash Karat interacting with employees of Hudhud-hit Visakhapatnam Steel Plant in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. Photo: C.V. Subrahmanyam
The Hindu CPI (M) general secretary Prakash Karat. Photo: C.V. Subrahmanyam
TOPICS
iron and steel
CPI (M) general secretary Prakash Karat on Sunday asked the BJP-led NDA Government at the Centre to refrain from disinvestment of Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited.
He said there was no need to offload the government equity in RINL, the corporate entity of Visakhapatnam Steel Plant, India’s only shore-based steel plant. The plant recently expanded its capacity from three million tonne to 6.3 million tonne with an investment of Rs.12,300 crore mobilised from internal accruals.
After a visit to Hudhud-hit VSP here at Ukkunagaram, he said RINL is a profit-making company and he saw no reason, whatsoever, to hand it over on a golden platter to private investors.
The disinvestment of RINL to offload 10 per cent of government equity to start with is pending with market regulator SEBI after the Navratna company submitted draft red herring prospectus sometime ago.
Mr. Karat said divestment of RINL would go against nation’s interest and his party was committed to fight tooth and nail against the NDA move. Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, who earlier visited the cyclone affected areas here, had also expressed his opposition to disinvestment of RINL.
Asked to comment on forced shutdown of VSP on October 12 after Hudhud hit the coast, he said a probe should be ordered to find out the circumstances which led to forced shutdown.
CPI (M) State Secretariat member Ch. Narsinga Rao said RINL management was responsible for ignoring the advisory issued by the district administration to take all precautions before Hudhud ravaged the region and warnings issued by Indian Meteorological Department and National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).
CPI (M) State secretary P. Madhu said his party would mobilise the support of all other parties and unions to stall disinvestment of RINL.

and then Nirma stormed inUpdated: November 2, 2014 18:59 IST
…and then Nirma stormed in
Swati Daftuar
The advent of the Nirma washing powder campaign on the small screen marked a turning point in detergent competition and led the way for the company to bring out a number of other household products
Nirma products
advertising
Among the big players of a highly competitive detergent market in the early ’70s, washing powder Nirma, the proverbial underdog, changed it all
Some of the most heartening success stories start from humble roots, and when you realise that Nirma found its beginning in the backyard of a house in Ahmedabad, manufactured by a chemist who then travelled door to door selling it locally at minimal cost, its story suddenly becomes shinier, whiter, brighter.
It’s been decades since Dr. Karsanbhai Patel’s first batch of homemade phosphate-free washing powder. Having a strong knowledge of chemistry, his confidence in the product was reinforced by a money back guarantee with every pack he sold. He was indulging in a bit of a hobby, also a way to earn some extra money. He was also, though unbeknownst to him then, soon going to be taking on some of the biggest MNCs in the country.
Patel didn’t worry the big players at first though. Back in 1969, the established players in the market were confident of their dominance. It’s the oldest story in the book, really. The unlikely underdog seems almost predestined to win, his opponent’s dismissals almost bolstering him along the way.
While it wouldn’t seem so, our experience with them somewhat limited to actual use, the world of detergents is a highly competitive one. Even back then, with players you could count on the fingers of one hand, Nirma was embarking on a difficult journey. Luckily, it already had a USP. Patel had managed to cut the cost of production drastically, and his product was priced at Rs. 3.50 per kg. Well aware that even the cheapest powder in the market came at a good ten rupees more, he knew that his target group was going to be the middle and lower income bracket — the majority of the country. His Nirma, derived with love from the name of his daughter Nirupama, was going to be “Sabki Pasand Nirma”.
It was a clever strategy too, one that became instantly attractive to the prudent housewife looking for affordability and good value. Nirma, almost as soon as it arrived on the store shelves, carved out a space, creating, all by itself, a new section altogether. Other cheaper products would follow, but for now, its ingenuity had made Nirma the sole player in a game it had started. It was bound to win.
Over 40 years on, Nirma’s prime USP remains the same, with few changes, though not from the lack of trying. Its presence in the premium product market has been somewhat lukewarm, and it remains, as it was right in the beginning, the brand most attractive to the thrifty, careful householder.
That this name and its benefits remain so firmly ensconced in our minds, that even today, just the word Nirma is enough to set off multiple renditions of that almost legendary jingle is a comment on the brand’s strong advertising campaign too. Created by Purnima, the agency that handles Nirma’s creative and media mandate, the series of ads, complete with a varied and colourful montage and the catchy accompanying jingle, held our attention in a very different way than its competitors’ offerings. While the famous Lalitaji made us think and question and critique, Nirma hummed a soothing note. No one spoke in the early Nirma washing powder ads. There were no demos with comparisons of stains and whiteness, no rivalries played out on screen. Nirma sang to us, and showed us the end results— smiling faces clad in bright, clean clothes. And the faces it used mattered. It cut across religion, region, age, incomes and gender. It showed us weather beaten men and beautiful women, happy housewives and confident career girls, families on picnics and Rajasthani folk artists. It was a careful montage, with something for everyone to relate to, or at least everyone within the ambit of the brand’s TG. It was a clever tactic, one that didn’t need the viewers to think, instead making them passive recipients of melodiously sung promises. It’s a bit of a statement on our roles as consumers that it worked so well.
And then there was the image of that twirling, pirouetting little girl, in her bright white frock— one of the most enduring images in the world of Indian advertising. She was, and remains, despite countless alterations, additions and subtractions in the campaign, the brand’s ambassador. She seems to speak of a certain light-hearted youthfulness; an appealing image, but an unlikely one for a washing powder. One would expect something else, something closer to the product perhaps, but the Nirma girl, perhaps representing Nirupama, has worked her way into our subconscious, synonymous with the brand in a way that only the best brand icons can be.
It’s interesting to note that unlike Surf, that needed to spell out the benefits of buying a comparatively expensive powder, Nirma did not stress on its low cost status, suggesting that this was, already, a well known fact. It was only when Nirma’s competition had woken up to the new threat on the block, and Surf’s Lalitaji began to capture the nation’s interest, that Deepikaji appeared on screen, doing her daily shopping, and chatting good naturedly with the shopkeeper about the benefits of buying cheap but quality products. Deepikaji didn’t hector, was firm but not forcefully so, and would perhaps make a better neighbour.
It’s been years since Deepikaji finished her shopping, but Nirma has stayed firmly entrenched on the map. The low cost product segment that it created has expanded to encompass several subdivisions and competitors. Nirma itself has expanded, producing toilet soaps, food products, personal care items and more. The ads, since its image makeover by TapRoot India in 2009, have begun looking more aspirational, sometimes including frankly odd things— underwater Russian ballet dancers for one, but with its initial campaigns, Nirma hit a note high enough to be still echoing pleasantly, asking us to sing along.

Hero MotoCorp sales fall 8 per cent in OctoberHero MotoCorp sales fall 8 per cent in October on y-o-y basis
Aditi Shah     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 11:16 IST
Photo: Reuters
Hero MotoCorp, country's largest maker of motorcycles and scooters, said on Sunday that its sales in October fell 8 per cent from a year earlier to 575,056 units. 
The company had sold 625,420 units in October 2013. 
Since its split from Japan's Honda Motor Co in 2011, Hero has been investing heavily in technology to develop new bikes and increasing its push into overseas markets.
(Reuters)

Maruti launches new Alto K10 starting at Rs 3.06 lakh | In Pics: Old vs NewMaruti launches new Alto K10 at a starting price of Rs 3.06 lakh
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 3 Nov, 2014, 02.37PM IST
The new Alto K10 sports a completely new look. The interiors of the new K10 have seen a dramatic transformation as well. The dashboard is all new.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Maruti Suzuki India, country's largest carmaker on Monday launched a new version of its Alto K10 hatchback. The new Alto K10 has been priced between Rs 3.06 lakh to Rs 3.82 lakh.
The new version of the hatchback will come in six versions; Rs 3.06 lakh for LX, Rs 3.22 lakh for LXi, Rs 3.38 lakh for VXi, Rs 3.57 lakh for VXi (O), Rs 3.8 lakh for VXi Automatic and Rs 3.82 lakh for LXi CNG.
"The new Alto K10 sports a completely new look. It still shares it doors and roof with the 800 version but the rest of the panels - the bonnet, the front fenders, the tail gate and even the bumpers are unique to the K10. It has larger, more contemporary looking head lamps; a more aggressive air dam design; and it sits on larger 13 inch wheels," said Zigwheels.com in a review.
"The interiors of the new K10 have seen a dramatic transformation as well. The dashboard is all new. And its dual tone finish, the gloss black centre console and the matte silver highlights almost everywhere like on the steering, the audio buttons, door handles and even the armrest, give it both an airier and richer feel. The design looks appealing too," the review added.
While the petrol version delivers a mileage of 24.07 km per litre, the CNG variant will have a fuel economy of 32.26 km per kg.
"Alto K10 is the third Maruti Suzuki car within few weeks where our suppliers and engineers have improved the fuel efficiency substantially," Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) Managing Director and CEO Kenichi Ayukawa said.
Maruti is positioning the new car as a mass market product equipped with 'futuristic technology' to cater to "very demanding, value for money conscious customers".
It has been developed at a cost of Rs 200 crore on the existing platform of the model by its engineers along with counterparts at parent Suzuki Motor Corp in Japan.
After the Celerio, the Alto K10 will be the second model to be equipped with auto gear shift (ASG) feature.
The new Alto K10 is coming at a time when MSI's sales in the mini segment comprising Alto and WagonR witnessed 1.3 per cent decline in the April-September period this fiscal at 2,01,721 units as against 2,04,335 units in the year-ago period. In September 2014 it stood at 35,547 units as against 41,061 in the same month last year, down 13.4 per cent.
Launched in 2010, the Alto K10 has clocked cumulative sales of 4.3 lakh units in four years. The Alto brand overall, including the Alto 800, has sold 26 lakh units in 14 years since launch.
(With inputs from PTI)

National Herald case: Stay on summons against Sonia  Rahul till Dec2Print
Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Rahul had moved the High Court on July 30 against the trial court order summoning them in the case. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 4:43 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 4:48 pm
The Delhi High Court on Monday extended till December 2 the stay on the trial court order summoning Congress President Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi and three others in the National Herald case.
Justice V P Vaish extended the interim order after lawyers appearing for the Gandhis and others said their arguments cannot be concluded on Monday.
The High Court, while listing the matter for further hearing on December 2, said the pleas before it require a regular hearing over two-three days and it can’t hear arguments in the next few days due to holidays and a lot of transfer cases listed before it.
BJP leader Subramanian Swamy said that arguments need to be concluded before the next date of hearing in the matter before the trial court, which is scheduled to hear it on December 9.
Swamy, in his complaint before the trial court, had alleged cheating and misappropriation of funds by the Congress leaders in the acquisition of the daily by Young Indian (YI).
Besides Sonia and Rahul, Congress Treasurer Moti Lal Vora, General Secretary Oscar Fernandes and Suman Dubey had moved the High Court on July 30 against the trial court order summoning them in the case.
The trial court had on June 26 summoned Sonia, Rahul, Vora, Fernandes, Suman Dubey and Sam Pitroda to appear before it on August 7.

Oil cos  losses on sale of LPG  kerosene up 35%Oil companies' losses on sale of LPG, kerosene up 35%
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 05.50PM IST
Tags:
kerosene
(Losses on sale of subsidised fuel…)
NEW DELHI: Losses on sale of subsidised fuel have risen by 35 per cent to Rs 188 crore per day even though oil firms have been losing less on LPG and kerosene because of fall in international oil rates.
State-owned fuel retailers are losing Rs 27.60 on sale of every litre of kerosene through the Public Distribution system (PDS) and Rs 393.50 per 14.2-kg domestic cooking gas LPG, an official statement said.
These are lower than Rs 31.22 a litre loss oil firms were incurring on sale through PDS in second half of last month, and Rs 404.64 per LPG cylinder.
Despite the losses being lower, the statement said, the per day under-recovery has risen to Rs 188 crore from Rs 139 crore.
"Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs), effective November 1, 2014, are now incurring combined daily under-recovery of about Rs 188 crore on the sale of PDS kerosene and domestic LPG. This is higher than Rs 139 crore daily under-recoveries during previous fortnight," it said.
The statement did not explain as to how the daily under- recoveries have increased even through loss on both kerosene and LPG have declined.
After diesel price was deregulated last month, only two products remain subsidised.
The statement said the under-recovery or the revenue loss incurred on selling fuel below cost, in the first half of current fiscal was Rs 51,110 crore. "The figure was Rs 139,869 crore for full year in the 2013-14."
While the government had freed pricing of petrol from its control in June 2010, diesel was deregulated on October 18. Since then, diesel rates have cut twice - first by Rs 3.37 a litre on October 19 and then by Rs 2.25 per litre from November 1.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian origin man in race for Senate electio...You are here: Home > Collections > Odisha
Indian origin man from Odisha in race for Senate election in US
IANS Nov 3, 2014, 05.42PM IST
Tags:
Bikram Kumar Mohanty
(Georgia-based Bikram Kumar…)
BHUBANESWAR: A man from Odisha who had gone to the US 20 years ago with just $50 in his pocket to seek a better life for himself and his family is a Democratic Party candidate for Georgia state Senate elections on Tuesday.
Georgia-based Bikram Kumar Mohanty is in the race for the second time for the 8th District State Senate seat. He had unsuccessfully contested the 2012 election from the same party. Mohanty is an occupational therapist.
A native of Chandabali in Odisha's Bhadrak district, he had migrated to US after completing his graduation from Kolkata-based National Institute of Orthopedics in 1994 and settled in Valdosta, Georgia. He worked in several hospitals and nursing homes across Georgia until 2001, when he opened up his own occupational therapy practice.
"When I landed in Valdosta, I had only $50 on my person and can proudly report that in the past decade as the founder and CEO of Innovative Rehab Solutions, I've generated between 15-45 full time jobs and have held these jobs with the mindset of reconciliation along with the spirit of achieving the American dream while helping others to do the same," Mohanty says on his website.
His younger brother, Biseswar, attributed his success to his passion for work in public interest.
"Serving public interest has been his passion. As a high school student, he was organizing service camps for the poor with help of a local physician. He was also raising funds for villagers who couldn't pay for their medicine at that age," told Biseswar told IANS.
"Bikram along with some people had gone to the White House to submit a memorandum regarding health issues in his area in 2009. The positive attitude and leadership quality impressed the leaders of Democratic Party and they decided to field him in 2012 elections and now in 2014," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rashtrapati Bhavan invites innovators on its...Rashtrapati Bhavan invites innovation scholars to stay on its campus
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 04.55PM IST
Tags:
campus
(Press Secretary to President, Venu Rajamony said…)
NEW DELHI: Encouraged by the response of first innovation scholars in-residence scheme, Rashtrapati Bhavan has invited applications for the second batch who will get to stay in the abode of country's First citizen for a week.
In a statement, Press Secretary to the President, Venu Rajamony said interested applicants can apply online through the website www.presidentofindia.nic.in.
"The last date for receipt of application is November 30, 2014. All Indian nationals who have a track record of innovation and implementation of innovative ideas may apply. The programme will commence from March, 2015 and selected Innovation Scholars will stay in Rashtrapati Bhavan for a period of two weeks," he said.
Rajamony said the Innovation Scholars In-Residence Scheme was launched by the President of India on December 11, 2013 with a view to promoting the spirit of innovation and giving further impetus to grassroots innovation activities.
"The main objective of the scheme is to provide an environment to grassroots innovators in Rashtrapati Bhavan to work on a project in hand and take their innovative ideas forward," he said.
It also aims to provide them with linkages to technical institutions to strengthen their capacity to innovate and to provide mentoring and support so that the innovations can be used for the progress and welfare of society, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

These Are The Most Googled Halloween Costumes In Each Statereddit
Some states are making a topical Halloween choice this year, opting for Frozen costumes or dressing as the mythical Slenderman. Others will keep it classic, dressing as doctors or cheerleaders.
This map, made by SumoCoupon, a website that offers discounts at various stores, shows which Halloween costumes are the most "trending" in each state. Their team analyzed Google search volumes to determine which costumes were the most Googled in various parts of the country.
Americans love to emulate their favorite film characters... and apparently three states have a banana obsession.
Take a look:

Argonne battery roadshow aims to connect with industryArgonne battery roadshow aims to connect with industry
A Mercedes S500 Plug-in hybrid car is displayed on media day at the Paris Mondial de l'Automobile
Benoit Tessier, Reuters
A Mercedes S500 Plug-in hybrid car is displayed on media day at the Paris Mondial de l'Automobile on Oct. 3.
A Mercedes S500 Plug-in hybrid car is displayed on media day at the Paris Mondial de l'Automobile on Oct. 3. (Benoit Tessier, Reuters)
Argonne battery hub takes its show on the road
Why Argonne battery hub is giving up on lithium-ion
Building a better battery won't include lithium-ion
CHAMPAIGN — The national battery research hub at Argonne National Laboratory kicked off a roadshow last week to share what it has learned so far in its quest to build a better battery.
The idea, said Jeff Chamberlain, deputy director of development and demonstration for the Joint Center for Energy Storage Research , is to get feedback from other scientists and industry representatives to ensure the hub's research is relevant to real world applications.
"The projects that look really bad to end users, we can kill," Chamberlain said. "We can stop doing them."
Stardust, a 770-pound NASA spacecraft about the size of an office desk, zoomed around space in the early 2000s collecting space dust — a remarkable achievement in itself that involved the use of a dried gel known as aerogel. ( Ted Gregory )
Chamberlain said pairing researchers with companies such as Google, Motorola and Ford has resulted in some insights in the differences in thinking between scientists and product-makers.
For instance, when scientists told automakers they planned to build a battery that would allow an electric vehicle to travel 500 miles on a charge, companies told them what they really wanted was a much cheaper battery that could propel a vehicle 80 miles on a charge. Such a breakthrough would allow plug-in extended range hybrid vehicles that switch to gasoline after a battery runs out to be reduced in price by more than $10,000.
8
Cellphone makers told Argonne's researchers that if they develop a more powerful battery, they'd make more powerful phones rather than phones that keep a charge longer.
And while lithium-ion batteries are ubiquitous in consumer electronics, the hub is focusing exclusively on other materials, said George Crabtree, director of the hub.
So far, battery research is slow going, Crabtree acknowledged. But he said he was certain of one thing: Lithium-ion can't take us to where we need to go because lithium-ion batteries only get about 8 percent better and 5 percent cheaper each year. The lab's goal is to increase battery performance fivefold at one-fifth the cost within five years.
Battery pricing is a huge hurdle for commercial acceptance.
"People are saying the prices will go down when you buy the product and people who want to buy the product are saying we'll buy the product when the prices comes down. So, we have to break this," said George Gross, professor of electrical and computer engineering at the University of Illinois.
GE, Bosch and other major battery-makers are waiting for scientists to work out the right formula that will make the economics of large battery storage projects take off, said Kevin Gallagher, a chemical engineer at Argonne National Laboratory.
0
"All these (companies) are just playing around right now," Gallagher said. "As soon as they see it as a real market proposition, these guys know how to do it."
The hub's first conference, which focused on using batteries to store electricity produced by the wind and sun, was held at the University of Illinois. Others are scheduled for Upstate New York, Seattle, the Bay Area, Chicago, Mississippi, Detroit and Cleveland.
"The space beyond lithium-ion is large, rich and unexplored, containing a wealth of potential battery combinations. A traditional Edisonian approach — simply trying one combination after another — is too slow to make significant progress," Crabtree wrote in a letter about the hub's first year of efforts.
The real potential for batteries is in electrical grid and transportation applications, which account for two-thirds of energy use, Crabtree said.
In November 2012, Argonne National Laboratory was picked to lead a national hub where the clout and brainpower of five Department of Energy labs, five universities and four companies would work collectively.
The hub, established through a $120 million investment from the Department of Energy, is largely virtual. It has teamed with more than 70 affiliated organizations along with 140 researchers from 14 member institutions.
To be sure, the roadshow was a scientists' conference. Scientists presented information on new battery chemistries, rechargeable batteries called "flow" batteries, new cathode materials that dramatically increase the efficiency of batteries and breakthroughs in magnesium-based batteries, which scientists hope can replace lithium-based batteries.
"We're working on deep science with materials like magnesium but also researching — how can we bring down costs across the system in other ways?" Chamberlain said.
The hub has submitted 50 to 70 research papers for publication and 15 patent applications, Chamberlain said.
Have they built a battery that's five times better yet? No, says Chamberlain. That's a way off.

What Your Cell Phone Company Isn t Telling YouWhat Your Cell Phone Company Isn't Telling You When You Sign A Contract
Posted:
reddit
When you sign a cell phone contract, you’re not just agreeing to pay thousands of dollars over a few years to AT&T or Verizon. You’re also signing away your right to sue the company or participate in a class action lawsuit against it.
If the cell phone provider systematically overcharges you or doesn't deliver, say, on its promise of "unlimited data," your only remedy -- unless the government steps in -- is forced arbitration, a private negotiation between the company and the customer where a non-judicial party decides your fate. Typically, the process is stacked in favor of the giant corporation.
Forced arbitration clauses have become widespread in recent years and there's one
buried in AT&T ’s terms of service. It’s why the Federal Trade Commission, not customers, just sued AT&T for allegedly slowing down Internet speeds on customers' smartphones -- even though customers were complaining about the practice for years.
AT&T isn’t alone: the four other largest cell phone carriers –  Sprint , T-Mobile , U.S. Cellular , and Verizon – also have forced arbitration in their terms of service.
The policies are aimed primarily at restricting customers from class action lawsuits, but they also forbid customers from taking cell phone providers to just about any kind of court -- except small claims court, familiar to most Americans as the setting for The People’s Court ; hardly the venue for exacting justice against multibillion dollar corporations.
Buried in these contracts from AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile are clauses that take away your right to sue
T-Mobile is unique in having a forced arbitration opt-out policy , but it must be completed within 30 days of activation to be valid. So before you applaud the company for such a progressive policy, consider the likelihood that someone who just bought a new phone would also have the forethought to consider the best potential legal strategy against the company they bought the phone from. If a customer really envisioned becoming entangled in a legal dispute with a company over a purchase, they wouldn’t probably simply avoid doing business with that company.
Telecom companies are hardly outliers. Banks, retail stores and electronics giants have all found ways to get customers to sign away their right to take a company to court.
Even Cheerios tried to jump on the bandwagon. In April , the General Mills' cereal brand changed its terms of service so that simply liking the cereal on Facebook voided a consumer’s right to sue. But after a New York Times story drew attention to the policy, the company quickly reversed itself .
In 2011, the practice was upheld by the Supreme Court by a 5-4 vote in AT&T vs. Concepcion . The court also upheld the legality of class arbitration waivers. That means that not only can terms of service waive your right to participate in a class action lawsuit, but also your ability to enter arbitration with other consumers. Individual arbitration is the only option.
The legality of these types of class action waivers was broadened even further by the Supreme Court in 2013 to include terms of service between businesses in the case of American Express vs. Italian Colors Restaurant . The court held that American Express could include class action waivers in its terms of service with merchants.
Some customers have tried to find justice against cell providers in small claims court, including one California man who sued and won $850 from AT&T in 2012. The stakes are low, but the companies’ monetary and legal advantage is narrowed. Here’s how Consumerist described the scene: “Since lawyers are not allowed in California small claims courts, AT&T was represented by its area sales manager.”
If you’re looking for a venue outside small claims court to shame companies into changing their policies, a petition may not be your best bet. Change.org has a forced arbitration clause in its terms of service .
More:

Safety tips from behind the wheel and behind the mask on HalloweenSafety tips from behind the wheel and behind the mask on Halloween
Stay safe on Halloween
Be safe walking and driving: Kids are more than two times as likely to be killed by a car on Halloween.
Safety tips for behind the wheel and behind the mask when you're out on Halloween.
Here's a scare for parents and drivers: Kids are more than two times as likely to be killed by a car on Halloween night as any other night, according to Safe Kids Worldwide.
Caption Bunny
John J. Kim / Chicago Tribune photo
A local hotel dispatched a man in a rabbit suit to Pioneer Court in this bunny-themed Mini.
A local hotel dispatched a man in a rabbit suit to Pioneer Court in this bunny-themed Mini. (John J. Kim / Chicago Tribune photo)
Caption Scary clown in Mexico City
RONALDO SCHEMIDT, AFPGetty Images
VW bug? We don't know what it is, but it is terrifying. A man dressed up as a clown driving a car on Halloween night in Mexico city. Complaints have poured in recently over "armed clowns" wreaking havoc in various parts of France-- some carrying pistols, knives or baseball bats -- and police...
VW bug? We don't know what it is, but it is terrifying. A man dressed up as a clown driving a car on Halloween night in Mexico city. Complaints have poured in recently over "armed clowns" wreaking havoc in various parts of France-- some carrying pistols, knives or baseball bats -- and police... (RONALDO SCHEMIDT, AFPGetty Images)
Caption Mad Max: Fury Road still
Warner Bros. Pictures via YouTube
Mad Max is back. After a 30-year hiatus, the fourth installment of the car-crashing desert dystopia tears up the big screen in 2015. The interceptor was originally a Ford Falcon, but we're thinking it's a Dodge Challenger in the reboot.
Mad Max is back. After a 30-year hiatus, the fourth installment of the car-crashing desert dystopia tears up the big screen in 2015. The interceptor was originally a Ford Falcon, but we're thinking it's a Dodge Challenger in the reboot. (Warner Bros. Pictures via YouTube)
Caption Death Race Killing Machine
Volo Auto Museum photo
A 2006 Ford Mustang has its close-up in the 2008 Paul W.S. Anderson film "Death Race."
A 2006 Ford Mustang has its close-up in the 2008 Paul W.S. Anderson film "Death Race." (Volo Auto Museum photo)
Caption Black Moon Rising
Volo Auto Museum photo
This stunt car from the 1986 movie "Black Moon Rising," starring Tommy Lee Jones, is a 1986 Volkswagen.
This stunt car from the 1986 movie "Black Moon Rising," starring Tommy Lee Jones, is a 1986 Volkswagen. (Volo Auto Museum photo)
See more galleries
Costume cars
These cars sport a head-turning Halloween look. Many are on display at the Volo Auto Museum, a classic car dealership in the north suburb. Who says costumes are only for people and their pets?
Costume cars
These cars sport a head-turning Halloween look. Many are on display at the Volo Auto Museum, a classic car dealership in the north suburb. Who says costumes are only for people and their pets?
If you're driving on Halloween, remember to slow down and be alert for ghosts and goblins popping out from between parked cars. Safe Kids Worldwide recommends that drivers enter and exit driveways and alleys slowly on Halloween. Make sure to have your car's headlights on — even if it's still daylight — to help trick-or-treaters see your car. And check those headlights before Halloween night to make sure that the bulbs aren't burned out. Keep in-car distractions to a minimum, especially once you're in a neighborhood.
We've published the following tips before to keep kids safe while trick-or-treating. Share your ideas in the comment section below.
Before you go
"The Critmunks Review - Halloween Costumes": http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2D3N-K4MT4o Our foul-mouthed "Critical Chipmunks" review Halloween costumes!
Roger Tyson

Career paths: Jason Heltzer  Origin VenturesCareer paths: Jason Heltzer, Origin Ventures
Career paths: Jason Heltzer, Origin Ventures
Jason Heltzer, partner at Origin Ventures, on one career path he'd encourage entrepreneurs to follow when entering the workforce or starting a business.
Jason Heltzer, partner at Origin Ventures, on one career path he'd encourage entrepreneurs to follow when entering the workforce or starting a business.

Takata  Honda face class-action lawsuit over faulty air bags0
Vehicle owners concerned about their cars can visit NHTSA’s website and choose the “Search by VIN” option to use their car's vehicle identification number to determine whether it is at risk.
The actions by many automakers to limit their recalls to cars located in areas with hot, humid weather has caused confusion and might not fully address the problem, said Clarence Ditlow, executive director of the Center for Auto Safety. Honda is recalling cars in more states than other manufacturers, an indication that the problem might have a wider geographic distribution.
“The agency is all over the map on what states are affected,” Ditlow wrote in a letter to NHTSA on Thursday. “How can Honda have more high-humidity states than other manufacturers?”
Sens. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) and Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) also have criticized how NHTSA has handled the air bag problem. They want the agency to issue a nationwide recall on all vehicles suspected of being equipped with the defective air bags, regardless of the climate of the state where the cars are registered.
Ditlow said other factors are adding to the confusion. Some car companies are treating the problem as a “service action” rather than a full-fledged recall. There’s also confusion about how driver and passenger air bags may be differently affected.
“The Center for Auto Safety is deeply troubled by NHTSA’s secrecy and conflicting messages on deadly Takata air bags,” he said.
The Berman complaint claims that Takata knew of the deadly air bag defect at least 13 years ago, first seeing the problem in an Isuzu vehicle but failing to take action.
Honda learned of the problem in 2004 when the air bag in an Accord exploded in Alabama, shooting out metal shrapnel and severely injuring the car’s driver, the suit said. Honda and Takata decided that the malfunction was “an anomaly” that did not warrant an investigation, recall and involvement of federal safety regulators, according to the lawsuit.
Last month Hien Tran of Florida died after her 2001 Accord struck another car in Orlando and the Takata air bag exploded, sending shrapnel into her neck. The medical examiner stated that the shrapnel tore through the air bag, causing stab-type wounds that cut her trachea, the lawsuit said. Because of the stab wounds, the death was first investigated as a homicide by detectives.
A week after she died Tran received a letter from Honda urging her to get her car fixed because of faulty air bags that could explode, according to the lawsuit.
Copyright © 2014, Chicago Tribune
Related Content

A Virtual Serial Killer Is Stalking Grand Theft Autoreddit
Just in time for Halloween, a serial killer has returned to the virtual streets of "Grand Theft Auto Online."
Well-known gamer/murderous prankster MrKreepyKoala just posted a montage of clips to YouTube that show his "Creepy Murderer" avatar generally rampaging and creeping other players out in GTA.
The clips are meant to be funny, but not everyone's amused. A player at the end of the first video in the series threatens to report Koala for his behavior. Video game site Kotaku calls the videos " trolling at its finest ."
The trolling is all happening in the online component of "Grand Theft Auto V," which takes place within a fictional Los Angeles stand-in called Los Santos. In the main GTA V game, you play alone and make your way through a sprawling story, stealing cars, getting into gunfights, and pulling off heists.
GTA Online strips away the story and lets people compete. Imagine walking into the streets of downtown L.A., finding them empty except for a group of your friends, and having the biggest laser tag battle of your life: It's kind of like that.
MrKreepyKoala's videos have racked up the views on YouTube: The first and most successful is sitting at just over 20,000. That's not bad for someone whose videos are a hobby on top of schoolwork and, yes, gaming. When reached via Twitter, Koala told The Huffington Post that he’s actually just a 16-year-old high school student. However, we were not able to verify his name or identity. Nevertheless, he’s been making GTA gameplay videos for about a year now.
GTA V is the fastest-selling game ever , making over $1 billion in its first three days when it came out in September 2013. It's available for Playstation 3 and Xbox 360, with updated versions for next-gen consoles coming in November.
Its open-world gameplay encourages players to be creative, and gamers have made impressive non-violent videos that show off the game’s physics engine. (Check out this montage , which has wracked up over 4.2 million views.)
Of course, Koala’s videos are something else entirely. And the subtitles embedded in these gifs show just how his opponents feel about them -- note that the colorful words are theirs, not ours.
Koala’s videos exist to freak players out and showcase murder in the style of horror flicks. His technique is pretty straightforward: He jumps on the game at around 3 a.m., then plays what he calls "creepy lullabies sung by women and children" through his microphone for others to hear. His character is decked out in black gear, a blood red hockey mask, and brandishes a combat knife.
Koala starts the game in "passive mode," which renders him invulnerable to attacks from other players, waits until their avatars’ defenses are down, and then brutally murders them. It creates the impression that Koala is an unstoppable serial killer on the level of Jason Voorhees -- a particularly unnerving thing in a game where players are used to creating mass havoc with fighter jets, rocket launchers, and more.
Of course, it can only go so far. Once Koala starts killing, he’s officially in the game and no longer invulnerable, so other GTA players can end his reign of terror with quick thinking (or a fast SUV). Think of it like a football player hurling insults from the bench and then getting clotheslined when coach puts him in.
Still, you might want to watch your back if you plan on logging onto GTA Online this Halloween. Just in case.
More:

Varun Aaron hits 152 kmph  gets injuredMore
Varun Aaron injures leg
The pacer injured the quadricep muscle in his right leg during the Cuttack ODI, which forced him off the field after just 4.1 overs.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Sun 2 Nov, 2014 8:59 PM IST
Tweet
0
Aaron hit speeds of 150+ KMPH in his short spell today.India fast bowler Varun Aaron has injured the quadricep muscle in his right leg during the first ODI against Sri Lanka, which forced him off the field after just 4.1 overs. The BCCI is yet to confirm the extent of the injury, but television commentators, quoting information coming out of Indian dressing room, indicated that Aaron would take no further part in the match, with there being a likelihood of him even missing the entire series.
Aaron had shared the new ball in Cuttack with Umesh Yadav , bowling as usual at a good clip - the broadcaster's speedgun had clocked one of his deliveries at 152.1 kph. Virat Kohli , the stand-in India captain, bowled Aaron for a three-over spell to begin with, before bringing him back immediately at the end of the first Powerplay. But Kohli had to finish Aaron's fifth over after he was forced to leave the ground after bowling just one ball.
Speaking after the game, Kohli said he didn't know how serious the injury was, but did not want to risk doing any further damage to Aaron's leg. "I think he was 70-30, so I didn't want to push him and put him out for the whole season," Kohli said. "I didn't want to take a chance and asked him to rest."
Aaron's short international career has been hampered by various injuries, including a career-threatening back injury two years ago. Aaron, who turned 25 only four days ago, had made a comeback during the series in England earlier this year, where he played the final two Tests. Impressed by his pace, English county Durham signed him as an overseas player.
The India selectors and team management will be hoping the injury is not severe, considering Aaron will be part of their fast-bowling plans for the Australia Test series, which starts from December 4 and is closely followed by the World Cup.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Investigators look into Virgin Galactic crash while friends and family mourn lost pilotAir Transportation Disasters
Investigators look into Virgin Galactic crash while friends and family mourn lost pilot
Federal investigators are combing the Nevada desert to try and figure out what caused a Virgin Galactic space plane to explode during a test flight last week. They face a daunting task.
Federal investigators are combing the Nevada desert to try and figure out what caused a Virgin Galactic space plane to explode during a test flight last week. They face a daunting task.

Swachh Bharat: See the same spots that provided photo ops a month agoComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan', his first major social campaign since assuming office, on October 2 for a filth-free India.
Seeking to set an example by working the broom on Mahatma Gandhi’s 145th birthday, Modi called upon every Indian to realise Gandhi’s dream of clean surroundings and brought a fading Gandhian ideal back into public imagination.
The Rs. 62,000-crore campaign, India's biggest cleanliness drive, will cover over 4,000 towns in the next five years. The government's objective, however, is to make it a pan-Indian mission, one under which every individual is a stakeholder.   
The campaign has completed a month. HT took to the streets to find out whether Swachh Bharat has truly caught on or become yet another instance of lip service.
Below are a few picture of places that were cleaned on October 2, and the same places on November 1.
See for yourself and be the judge of where Swacch Bharat stands.
Mandir Marg, New Delhi
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Mandir Marg during the launch of Swachh Bharat campaign, in Delhi. (PTI Photo)
Mandir Marg seen after a month. (Mohd. Zakir/HT Photo)
Dadar beach, Mumbai
VJTI College students participate in cleanliness campaign at Dadar Beach. (Kunal Patil/HT Photo)
Dadar Beach after one month. (Prodip Guha/HT Photo)
Jantar Mantar, New Delhi
Dr Mahesh Chaturvedi, dressed as Mahatma Gandhi, sweeps a street near Jantar Mantar, New Delhi, on October 2. (Raj K Raj/HT Photo)
Jantar Mantar seen after a month.  (Mohd. Zakir/ HT Photo)
Jaipur, Rajasthan
DGP Omendra Bharadwaj and senior police officials participate in the cleanliness drive in Jaipur, Rajasthan, on October 2. (HT Photo)
Garbage littered at the place after a month. (Himanshu Vyas/HT Photo)
Krishnapura Chhatri, Indore
BJP MLA Usha Thakur (centre) sweeping the floor at Krishnapura Chhatri premises in Indore, Madhya Pradesh, on October 2.  (Arun  Mondhe/HT Photo)
 
Krishnapura Chhatri premise on November 1. (Arun  Mondhe/HT Photo)
CST railway station, Mumbai
Minsiter of state for railways Manoj Sinha at CST railway station in Mumbai on October 2.(Anshuman Poyrekar/HT Photo)
CST railway station after a month. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT Photo)
Indore, Bhopal
A lane near Patanipura square in Indore on October 2. (Amit K Jaiswal/HT Photo)
The same lane as seen after a month. (Shankar Mourya/HT Photo)

Modi mantras that pushed mkts to new high | Are mkts overheatedYou are here: Home > Collections
Measures by Narendra Modi government that helped Nifty scale 8300
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 01.30PM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(“Markets have been on…)
MUMBAI: Foreign investors are pumping in dollars in Indian equities on the hopes of reforms post the new government taking charge in May. The Nifty has surged 32 per cent year to date and breached the 8,300 level.
The markets have huge expectations from Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
They expect him to replicate the Gujarat model in the rest of the country and take India to the path of economic growth.
Since taking charge of office in May, the Modi government has been making efforts to improve investor sentiment. It also took some key decisions to clear hurdles in order to boost growth.
"Markets have been on an upward trajectory since the last few days on the back of renewed vigor shown by the government to initiate reforms, lower crude prices, lower inflation, supportive global cues & decent earnings," said Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Some of the measures the Modi government took have brought the bulls back in the market.
The optimism remains and more is expected from the government in the run-up to the Budget session.
Following are some of the measures that have lifted the mood on Dalal Street:
Taming of food inflation:
One of the main concerns for the new government was to tackle inflation. The wholesale prices had surged to 6.01 per cent in May as food inflation rose to 9.50 per cent from 8.64 per cent in April.
There was a sharp spike in onion and potatoes prices, which prompted the government to impose a minimum export price of $300 per tonne on onions.
A decision was taken to bring more rice in the open market and crack down on hoarders in order to keep the prices under control. The government also advised states to delist fruits and vegetables through the Agriculture Produce Market Committees.
In September, the wholesale inflation dropped to a five-year low of 2.38 per cent, the fourth straight month of moderation led by falling vegetable prices.
"Vegetable production has seen an increase around all metropolitan cities with planting seen an increase of 25 per cent. Next three months prices will be under control," said Shriram Gadhave, president of the Maharashtra based All India Vegetable Growers Associations, to ET.
The RBI has been staying away from lowering interest rates due to high inflation. A decline in food and fuel inflation is likely to bring down inflation and prompt the Reserve Bank of India to lower interest rates.
Labour reforms:
Soon after launching its 'Make in India' campaign, PM Modi unveiled a string of labour reforms, including measures to end 'inspector raj'. He dedicated a number of schemes under the Shramev Jayate programme, which include the portability through universal account number for employee provident fund, single window portal to enable doing business with the labour ministry and labour inspection scheme in central sphere.
"Changes will at the margin make labour compliance easier for companies. This is in line with the recent micro-level changes announced by the Modi government to improve the ease of doing business in India," said a Nomura report.
Diesel de-regulation:
One of the major reforms measures by the new government was in the oil & gas sector. The government deregulated diesel pricing and linked the pricing of the domestically produced natural gas to international benchmarks versus regulated prices earlier for both of them. According to analysts, the Union government's decision to deregulate diesel prices will significantly improve the country's finances as the oil subsidy will come down by Rs 150 billion.
The move to de-regulate diesel came at an opportune time. The international crude oil prices slipped below $100 per barrel and this gave the government elbow room to lower retail diesel prices.
  The cut in prices will go a long way in fighting inflation and help the Reserve Bank of India ease its policy stance and cut the policy rate sooner than expected.
"Diesel deregulation is a big reform that has happened because the subsidy has been ailing us both at the macro front from a fiscal perspective and the underlying companies for the last 12 years now," said Pankaj Murarka, Head Equity, Axis MF.
"It is a big reform for the sector as a whole and the view on the sector remains constructive," he added.
Coal blocks ordinance:
The government didn't wait long to bring clarity on the coal blocks that were termed illegal and were cancelled by the Supreme Court. It announced plans to issue ordinance which would be the roadmap for the coal block auctions.
The Cabinet approved auction of 74 of the recently-cancelled 204 coal blocks in the next 3-4 months. The state-owned companies will be allocated coal blocks on priority basis and will not have to bid in auction.

HSBC logs rising profits  sets aside $378 mn...HSBC logs rising profits, takes $378m hit for forex scandal
By Reuters | 3 Nov, 2014, 03.05PM IST
0
Share More
Earnings after taxation climbed seven percent to $3.4 billion in the three months to Sep, compared with $3.2 billion in the same period of last year.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: HSBC Holdings missed expectations with a 12 per cent drop in underlying third-quarter earnings and set aside $378 million to cover a potential fine from the UK regulator for alleged manipulation of currency markets.
Europe's largest bank blamed higher costs, up 6 per cent, for the slide in earnings. In addition to the forex probe, it set aside more money to cover the cost of compensating customers in Britain for mis-selling loan insurance and agreed a $550 million settlement with the US Federal House Finance Agency.
The bank also said it had been summoned to appear before French magistrates over whether its Swiss private bank had helped French citizens to evade tax.
Analysts were expecting statutory pretax profits to rise by 16 per cent in the quarter compared with last year but they rose just 2 per cent to $4.6 billion. Shares fell more than 3 per cent when the results were announced.
The bank's $378 million provision for the forex probe is for a possible settlement with Britain's Financial Conduct Authority, which HSBC said had proposed a resolution of its investigation into alleged manipulation in the global currency markets.
HSBC is one of six banks in talks with UK regulators to pay about 1.5 billion pounds in a group settlement, sources have said.

Let media do its work: Javadekar on Vadra spatThe Hindu Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar. File photo: Shiv Kumar Pushpakar
TOPICS
national politics
"Responsible behaviour is responsibility of all", the I&B Minister told reporters when queried on the issue.
A day after Congress defended Robert Vadra over his public spat with a journalist, Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar on Monday said media should be allowed to do its work.
“Responsible behaviour is responsibility of all. Media ko apna kaam karne do (Let media do its work),” Mr. Javadekar told reporters when queried on the issue.
The Minister had said on Sunday that his Ministry would act if it receives a complaint and stressed that media should be allowed to do its work.
Mr. Vadra, Congress president Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law, had on Saturday lost his cool and reportedly pushed aside the microphone of a reporter at a five-star hotel gym when he was quizzed about his controversial land deals in Haryana.
A livid Mr. Vadra was seen on a video aired by TV channels asking the reporter four times as to whether he was serious about his land deal question.
Backing Mr. Vadra, the Congress had said on Sunday that “repeated hounding” of an individual is “not appropriate” and advised the media to avoid “unpleasantness” of shooting questions at private functions.
BJP has attacked Mr. Vadra, saying it was his “sheer frustration” that caused this inappropriate behaviour.
“Vadra was the one who had called India a Banana Republic and we Indians as mango people but it is time that we make him realise that India is no more a Banana Republic which was ruled by the first family of Congress,” BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra had said.

Govt plans ATM-type kiosks for court documentsYou are here: Home > Collections
Government plans ATM-type kiosks for easy access to court documents
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 03.46PM IST
(The Department of Justice…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to help litigants get easy access to court documents by cutting down lengthy procedures, government proposes to install ATM-style touchscreen kiosks in court complexes from where case status and daily orders can be procured in the coming days.
The Department of Justice under the Law Ministry has also proposed setting up video conferencing facility in all courts of the country and prisons for remand of undertrials and recording of evidences, where required.
The move will considerably reduce the movement of undertrials from prisons to court and help speed up disposal of their cases.
There are nearly 15,000 courts in the country. According to a proposal placed before the Expenditure Finance Committee for Phase II of the ambitious e courts project, the Department of Justice plans installation of ATM type touchscreen information kiosks and printers at court complexes "for easy access to documents such as case status and daily order sheets to litigants."
It also plans development of central filing and information centres for filing cases and ascertaining cases status and orders.
With power supply a constant source of problem in many states, government also proposes to provide solar energy power back up on pilot basis in 5 per cent of the court complexes.
The Law Ministry has put the estimated cost at Rs 2764.90 crore for phase II of project. The project duration has been fixed at three years or until the end of all components of the project, the document said.
The e court project seeks to provide efficient and time-bound citizen centric service delivery.
The idea is to automate the processes to provide transparency of information access to its stakeholders. As part of judicial reforms, the project plans to enhance judicial productivity both qualitatively and quantitatively and to make the justice delivery system affordable, accessible, cost effective and transparent.
The e courts project was conceptualised on the basis of 'national policy and action plan for implementation of information and communication technology in the Indian Judiciary - 2005' submitted by e-Committee of the Supreme Court.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple plans investor call ahead of a potenti...Apple plans investor call ahead of a potential bond sale
By Reuters | 3 Nov, 2014, 03.41PM IST
0
Share More
Apple, which is yet to sell bonds in any other currency than dollars, is considering issuing in euros, the report said.
ET SPECIAL:
Apple Inc is planning an investor call on Monday ahead of a potential bond sale, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing a banker working on the deal.
Deutsche Bank AG and Goldman Sachs Group Inc are arranging the call, the newspaper reported.
Apple, which is yet to sell bonds in any other currency than dollars, is considering issuing in euros, the report said.
Apple could not immediately be reached for comments outside regular US business hours.

Dabur Q2 PAT grows 15% at Rs 287 crore; stoc...Dabur Q2 PAT grows 15% at Rs 287 crore ; stock rallies
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 03.25PM IST
Tags:
Dabur
(Operating margins stood…)
MUMBAI: Shares of FMCG major Dabur India surged nearly 3 per cent intraday after the company reported decent set of results for quarter ended September 2014.
Dabur net profit for July-September quarter grew to Rs 287 crore, up 15.2 per cent, as against Rs 249 crore, in the corresponding quarter last fiscal.
Net sales in the period increased to Rs 1,924 crore, up 10 per cent, from Rs 1,749 crore, in the same period a year ago.
Operating margins stood at 18.2 per cent vs 18.8 per cent and Other income at increased to Rs 38.8 crore vs Rs 22.5 crore, Year-on-Year.
The management is expecting volume growth between 8-10 per cent for FY15. It is focusing on healthcare products to boost margins.
It touched a high of Rs 232.65 and a low of Rs 223.25 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CIL s output beats target for first time in ...You are here: Home > Collections
Coal India October output beats target for first time in 7 months
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 04.19PM IST
Tags:
Coal India
(The company produced 40.2…)
NEW DELHI: Coal India Ltd, the world's largest producer of the fuel, produced 40.20 million tonnes of coal in October, beating its target for the first time in seven months.
Coal India, which has been under intense scrutiny for missing output targets during the last few years, had set the target of 39.74 million tonnes for October.
It, however, fell short of its production target of 259.85 million tonnes for April-October by 8.9 million tonnes, the company said in a filing to stock exchanges.
No reason was given by Coal India Ltd (CIL) for missing the target for April-October period.
Coal India has a target of supplying 408 million tonnes of coal to power firms this fiscal.
The company's offtake in October stood at 39.11 million tonnes, against the target of 40.94 million tonnes.
Coal India had missed its output target for the fifth consecutive month in September, producing 34.88 million tonnes of coal against the targeted 36.17 million tonnes (MT).
In August, the output was 34.54 MT against the target of 35.13 MT. In July, it achieved a production of 33.01 MT (35.86) and in June it was 34.54 MT (36.84).
In May, the output was 36.27 MT against 38.46 MT target. Production was 37.51 MT against 37.61 MT in April. Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal had earlier asked Coal India to ramp up production from its existing mines.
CIL, which accounts for 80 per cent of domestic coal production, missed its output target of 482 million tonnes for 2013-14, producing 462 million tonnes during the period.
Production had fallen short of target because of various reasons, including lack of environment clearance to coal mining projects.
In 2012-13, the company had produced 452.5 million tonnes of coal, falling short of the 464 MT target.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nissan Sales up Over 13 Pct.; Sign of Strong Oct.The 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Corp Bank confident of achieving Jan Dhan targets by Dec  says CMD BansalCorp Bank confident of achieving Jan Dhan targets by Dec, says CMD Bansal
KR Srivats
SR Bansal, CMD, Corporation Bank
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Corporation Bank is on course to bring about financial inclusion by end December in all of the villages and wards earmarked for the bank under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, its Chairman & Managing Director, SR Bansal, has said.
The Finance Ministry had as part of the PMJDY earmarked 2,252 villages and 924 wards where financial inclusion ought to be achieved before January 26 next year.
"We are confident of covering by, say, December end all the villages and wards earmarked to us", Bansal told Business Line here.
Bansal on Monday distributed account opening kits to the PMJDY beneficiaries at Palpa village in Badli, Haryana
Till date, Corporation Bank had opened 11.50 lakh PMJDY accounts and the total deposits in these accounts stood at about Rs 171 crore, Bansal said.
PMJDY is the flagship financial inclusion programme of the Modi-led Government.
Launched on August 28 at the hands of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi , this programme aims to bring financial inclusion to as many as 7.5 crore unbanked households before January 26 next year.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Lupin gets USFDA nod for arthritis drugHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Lupin gets USFDA nod for arthritis drug
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Drug firm Lupin today said it has received approval from the U.S. health regulator to market generic version of GD Searle LLC’s Celebrex capsules, used to treat arthritis, in the American market.
The Mumbai-based company has received final approval for its Celecoxib Capsules in 50 mg strength from the United States Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) to market a generic version of GD Searle LLC’s Celebrex capsules, Lupin Ltd said in a statement.
The company has also received tentative approvals for its product in strengths of 100 mg, 200 mg and 400 mg from the FDA, it added.
GD Searle LLC’s is a subsidiary of Pfizer Inc.
Celecoxib capsules are indicated for osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and acute pain.
According to IMS sales data, Celebrex capsules had annual U.S. sales of $2.44 billion.
Lupin shares today closed at Rs 1,359 apiece on the BSE, down 0.74 per cent from their previous close.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

GAIL signs MoU with Azerbaijan s State Oil CompanyHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GAIL signs MoU with Azerbaijan's State Oil Company
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
GAIL (India) Ltd has signed a memorandum of understanding with the State Oil Company of Republic of Azerbaijan (SOCAR), the company said in a statement.
Under the MoU, the two companies will jointly pursue LNG opportunities through capacity booking, LNG procurement and promotion of projects globally.
Both companies shall also cooperate in optimisation of LNG marketing, sourcing and shipping requirements. In addition, GAIL and SOCAR will pursue business opportunities in upstream assets across the world and joint investment in petrochemical projects.
“Skills and strengths of both the parties would be leveraged to explore business opportunities jointly in natural gas and LNG business including new business developments across the gas value chain,” said BC Tripathi, Chairman and Managing Director, GAIL.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Wagah bombing: 3 militant groups claim responsibility  20 suspects held from borderprint
Relatives gather beside the covered bodies of victims who were killed in suicide bomb attack in Wagah border near Lahore. (Reuters Photo)
Three militant groups have separately claimed responsibility for the suicide attack at the Wagah checkpoint near Lahore that killed at least 61 people including 10 women, eight children and three securitymen on Sunday evening.
Pakistan, however, held the beating retreat ceremony on Monday evening amid reports that the daily military ritual would not be organised at Wagah after Sunday's bombing, which took place on the Pakistani side some 500 meters from the international border at 6.12pm. 
Border Security Force (BSF) chief DK Pathak had said on Sunday that Pakistan had requested India not to conduct the ceremony for three days. If this had happened, it would have been for the first time since the two countries went to war in 1971.
Every day before sunset, soldiers from Pakistan and India gather at Wagah, the only road border crossing between Amritsar and Lahore, to simultaneously lower the two nations' flags.
Most of the people who died in the suicide bomber attack were returning from the ceremony.
Officials said the changed plan to allow the ceremony on Monday had been communicated to the BSF by the Pakistani Rangers, a PTI report filed from Lahore said.
The gallery on the Indian side was empty, while a large number of people gathered in the Pakistan gallery and raised slogans.
BSF officers said visitors on the Indian side were turned back earlier in the day after Pakistan's request that the ceremony be suspended for three days.
Meanwhile, Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif vowed strong military operations against militants in the wake of the deadliest attack to hit the country in six months.
Pakistan has been wracked by a homegrown Taliban insurgency that has killed thousands of people in recent years, but attacks have tailed off since the army launched a major anti-militant offensive in the northwest in June.
Sharif and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi both condemned the latest strike.
Sharif ordered an inquiry into the attack and sought a report from Punjab chief minister, Shahbaz Sharif. Punjab law minister Mujtaba Shujaur Rehman claimed that the suicide bomber managed to cross four security checkposts on GT Road.
No Indian troops were hurt on Sunday, but the blast left windows and doors of the BSF post shaking on the Indian side.
IED found near parking area
An improvised explosive device (IED) was found from the parking area of the Wagah border on Monday. The Bomb Disposal Squad (BDS) was called to the site for inspection after the recovery. The BDS then launched search operations surrounding Wagah border, The Nation newspaper reported. Pakistani security forces also began search operation in nearby villages and areas and rounded up several suspects.
High alert sounded, trade halted
BSF chief Pathak said the BSF had received some inputs a fortnight ago that terror groups may try to carry out a possible strike during the beating retreat ceremony.
A home ministry official too said there were alarms about a possible strike.
"India's external intelligence agency, Research and Analysis Wing, had got intelligence inputs some 15 days back indicating that the flag-lowering might be targeted by the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP)," he said on condition of anonymity.
Land border trade between India and Pakistan came to a halt on Monday in the aftermath of the suicide bomb attack.
Customs officials in Attari, Punjab, said there was no trade activity from either side. They added the trading activity was likely to remain suspended for another two days.
Hundreds of trucks from both countries carry products, including fruits and vegetables, through the land border trade.
Bereaved relatives at a hospital in Lahore where people injured in Sunday's blast are being treated.  (AFP photo)
Who's responsible?
Al Qaeda-affiliated militant group Jundullah (Soldiers of Allah), a splinter group of the TTP, was the first to claim the responsibility for the attack.
Taliban splinter group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar too said its bomber, Hafiz Hanifullah, carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar said on its Twitter page the attack was a warning to both Pakistan and India and that such an assault could also happen across the border. It refuted claims of other groups owning the attack.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar also criticised Jundullah as a "fake" Iranian group.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar had recently separated from the TTP after the army launched an operation in North Waziristan in mid-June. Led by Omer Khalid Khurasani, it is believed to be capable of lethal attacks.
Jundullah was also part of the TTP until last year when Hakimullah Mehsud, now slain, led the militants.
It had been involved in several high-profile attacks, including the strike on Crops Commander of Karachi in 2004, murder of 10 climbers in Gilgit-Baltisitan in 2013 and Peshawar Church bombing of last year.
This group also claimed responsibility of last month's attack at Maulana Fazlur Rehman who survived the suicide bombing.
The conflicting claims show the ongoing war among various militant outfits trying to replace the TTP which has been weakened by military operations and defections.
Last month, six important Taliban commanders joined the West Asian group the Islamic State (IS), also known as the ISIS or the ISIL.
Death toll 61
The overnight death toll in the suicide attack mounted to 61 on Monday afternoon. Security agencies have arrested about 20 suspects from the Indo-Pak border area.
Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among the 61 people who have died in the attack.
Over 100 people were injured in the incident and are being treated in different Lahore's hospitals where emergency has been declared.
"The death toll of the devastating suicide attack at Wagah border has risen to 61. The condition of some injured is still critical and the doctors are battling to save their lives," Punjab Emergency Services Rescue spokesperson Jam Sajjad told PTI.
About 43 bodies have been handed over to the families, while the remaining are yet to be recognised, Sajjad said.
Lahore police spokesperson Niyab Haider Naqvi said, "The law enforcement agencies have launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah and taken about 20 suspects into custody."
"A joint investigation team of police, Rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and Rangers along with police will provide security to Ashura processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday's attack."
According to a preliminary investigation report submitted to the inspector general (IG) of Punjab police, Mushtaq Ahmed Sukhera, the suicide bomber, believed to be in his early 20s, had been staying in the Wagah border area since many days.
"It is also suspected that the handlers of the suicide-bomber were also present near the blast site to ensure the execution of their plan," the report says.
At least 15 to 20kg of explosives were used in the blast with some of the explosives in the attacker's suicide jacket and the remaining being carried by him.
Pak offers security to Sikh pilgrims
Pakistan will provide complete security to more than 2,000 Sikh pilgrims from India arriving in Lahore on Tuesday for the three-day birth anniversary celebrations of Guru Nanak, an official has said, in the wake of the Wagah border suicide attack.
"We will ensure this (Wagah border-like bombing) does not happen again, particularly when over 2,000 Sikh pilgrims arrive at Wagah Railway Station," Evacuee Trust Property Board (ETPB) chairman Siddiqul Farooq had said on Sunday.
Watch: India beefs up security

Srei Infrastructure Finance NCD issue over-subscribedSrei Infrastructure Finance NCD issue over-subscribed
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Nov. 3:  
Srei Infrastructure Finance Limited on Monday said that its public issue of secured, redeemable non-convertible debentures (NCDs), with a base issue of Rs 250 crore has been oversubscribed by 1.33 times, amounting to Rs 332.60 crore.
The issue had opened for subscription on September 29 this year and was closed on October 31.
According to release issued by Srei, it had filed the shelf prospectus for raising Rs 1,500 crore from the market, of which it has successfully launched the first tranche of Rs 250 crore.
“The over subscription indicates a growing retail appetite for secure investment products. ... we will continue to periodically tap the market with NCDs,” J. Moses Harding, Group CEO, Liability and Treasury Management, Srei Infrastructure , was quoted in the release.
ICICI Securities Limited, A.K. Capital Services Limited, Edelweiss Financial Services Limited, SPA Capital Advisors Limited and Srei Capital Markets Limited are the Lead Managers to the Issue.
Karvy Investor Services Limited, Integrated Enterprises (India) Limited, RR Investors Capital Services Private Limited, SMC Capitals Limited and Bajaj Capital Limited are the Co-Lead Managers to the Issue.
Karvy Computer share Private Limited is the Registrar to the Issue.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

G K Vasan quits Congress; to float new party in Tamil NaduNarendra Modi favourite to win 'Time Person of the Year' poll
Dealing a blow to the struggling Congress, its senior leader and former union minister G K Vasan today quit the party and announced his decision to float a new outfit in Tamil Nadu.
Blaming those who were entrusted with the affairs of Congress in Tamil Nadu for failing in their duty to strengthen the party,
Vasan announced at a crowded press conference here that he and his supporters have decided to resign from Congress.
“We are starting a new party. The name of the new party and its symbol would be announced soon at a rally to be held in Tiruchi shortly”, he said.
Vasan said the approach of AICC in Tamil Nadu was not satisfactory in achieving its goal which prompted him to resign from the party.
“To achieve the goal in Tamil Nadu, there should be a different direction, a different approach from AICC, which we are not satisfied. We are having a new path…. we feel it will be a victory path”, he said in stout defence of his new move.
The decision by Vasan to disassociate from Congress, brings to end to his 14-year-long association with the grand old party following the merger of Tamil Manila Congress floated by his father G K Moopanar.
Former Tamil Nadu unit Congress president B S Gnanadesikan, who resigned the party post last week was also present with Vasan.
TAGS: Gk Vasan Gk Vasan Quits Congress Gk Vasan's New Party Gk Vasan's New Party Tamil Nadu
More from miscellaneous
Will not allow BJP to gain foothold in TN: CPI CPI's Tamil Nadu unit today said it will not allow Bharatiya Janata Party to exploit the issue of the recent release of five Tamil Nadu fishermen...

Don t let Dalit murders become a tool to spread violence: Shiv SenaNarendra Modi favourite to win 'Time Person of the Year' poll
Describing the triple murders in a Dalit family at Javkheda village as ‘gruesome’ and ‘inhuman’, the Shiv Sena today said the new BJP government should ensure that “selfish” politicians and naxals don’t exploit the situation to spread violence.
“On one hand there is widespread anger among people as a result of these killings and on the other hand naxalites have started issuing threats once again. Former Home Minister R R Patil had first highlighted this naxal connection. The new government should make sure that Javkheda murders do not become a tool for spreading violence by selfish politicians and naxalites,” the Sena said in an edit in its mouthpiece ‘Saamana’.
It said that new CM Devendra Fadnavis should ensure strong action is taken against those guilty of the gruesome and inhuman act.
“It is true that the Fadnavis government has just taken over the reins of the state. Since these killings have moved people emotionally, it is necessary that his government takes stringent steps immediately. Strong action should be taken against the perpetrators of the crime,” the Sena said.
Over the course of October 21 and 22, villagers of Javkheda Khalsa in Ahmednagar retrieved dismembered body parts of a mason, Sanjay Jadhav (42), his wife Jayashree (38) and their teenage son Sunil (19), from a well, and strewn all around the land owned by Jadhav.
Strongly condemning the murders, NCP leader and former Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar, who visited Javkheda, had urged political parties to come together and help relatives of the victims.
Governor Vidyasagar Rao had recently directed the State Director General of Police, Sanjeev Dayal, to appoint a Special Task Force (STF) to probe the murders after meeting a delegation led by RPI President Ramdas Athawale at the Raj Bhavan in Mumbai.
TAGS: Dalit Family Murder Case Javkheda Village Jhavkheda Village Murdre Case Shiv Sena On Jhavkheda Village Murder Case
More from miscellaneous
Will not allow BJP to gain foothold in TN: CPI CPI's Tamil Nadu unit today said it will not allow Bharatiya Janata Party to exploit the issue of the recent release of five Tamil Nadu fishermen...

Death toll in Wagah suicide attack rises to 61Narendra Modi favourite to win 'Time Person of the Year' poll
The death toll in the horrific suicide attack that shook Pakistan minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah climbed to 61 today, even as security agencies arrested about 20 suspects from the Indo-Pak border area.
Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among the 61 people who have died in the attack that took place yesterday when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah.
Over 100 people were injured in the incident and are being treated in different Lahore’s hospitals where emergency has been declared.
The blast took place when a large number of people were returning after attending the flag lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pak land border crossing, which is heavily guarded by the Punjab Rangers.
A young suicide-bomber blew himself up near the main exit gate of Parade Avenue at 6.03 pm (local time), causing colossal devastation.
“The death toll of the devastating suicide attack at Wagah border has risen to 61. The condition of some injured is still critical and the doctors are battling to save their lives,” Punjab Emergency Services Rescue spokesman Jam Sajjad told PTI.
About 43 bodies have been handed over to the families while the remaining are yet to be recognised, Sajjad said.
“We have sought the help of the National Registration Database Authority (Nadra) for recognition of 18 bodies,” he said.
The law enforcement agencies have launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah and taken about 20 suspects into custody, Lahore police spokesman Niyab Haider Naqvi said.
“A joint investigation team of police, rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and rangers along with police will provide security to Ashura processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday’s attack,” he said.
Punjab Interior Minister Col (Retd) Shujah Khanzada said the target of the suicide bomber was the venue of the flag hoisting ceremony.
“The suicide-bomber wanted to reach the Parade Avenue to cause maximum devastation but he blew himself up near the entrance of the main gate after failing to reach the Parade Avenue,” he said.
At least three militant factions have claimed the grizzly bombing. Al-Qaeda affiliated militant group Jandullah, a splinter group of the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), was first to claim responsibility of the attack.
Shortly afterwards Jamaatul Ahrar said its bomber Hafiz Hanifullah carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
More from miscellaneous
Will not allow BJP to gain foothold in TN: CPI CPI's Tamil Nadu unit today said it will not allow Bharatiya Janata Party to exploit the issue of the recent release of five Tamil Nadu fishermen...

Mortality matters: BeingMortalBeing Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End
Atul Gawande
Rs 599
Pp 284
DYING IS the easy part. People have been doing it with relentless regularity ever since human memory, and possibly before that. But here’s the tricky bit—not to mention a trifle confusing one: modern medical regimes today are geared to keep a body alive (or prolong a life to put it more gently) for an indefinite period of time, or till the insurance dries up.
Let’s not mention religion, priests or the promise of an after-life to sweeten the process, as these are areas that Atul Gawande, best-selling author and also a surgeon at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston, US, doesn’t dwell upon. And this gives his book, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End, a clean whiff of sanity of being a new-age guide to dying that has something for everyone. Gawande has been a staff writer for the prestigious New Yorker magazine since 1998. And in this book, he penetrates the inner world of the dying as succinctly as he puts his surgeon’s fibre-optic probe into a body cavity and declares: “Voila, here’s the malignant node!”
Needless to say, he’s far too sensitive a writer to actually use the words ‘dying’, ‘death’ or ‘dead’. It’s almost as if he knows they might frighten the average reader, particularly those living in America, where the more bizarre rituals of dying were satirised by British writers such as Evelyn Waugh in The Loved One and Jessica Mitford in The American Way of Death. He instead calls it “the modern experience of mortality”.
Even the title, Being Mortal, allows the reader to think that being in control of the process of dying is not just the right of an individual, but something to be encouraged. Gawande shows in case study after case study that medical advances and what he calls “the treatment and management of the terminally ill” have gone way beyond what Waugh and Mitford predicted. In the UK, it’s called the ‘Nanny State’; in the US, as described by Gawande, it could be called the ‘Twilight Zone’. The seriously ill—you don’t have to be necessarily old to be dying—are scanned and processed through electronically-operated systems, isolated in ICUs and monitored by machines.
Gawande’s aim is to educate and enlighten his audience rather than to frighten and sensationalise. The light touch he brings to his guided tours into the mysterious world of the operating theatre, or the recovery room—using words such as ‘catherization’ or ‘intubation’—calls to mind the early sections on medical jargon that the Reader’s Digest used to carry with headings such as I am John’s kidney or Jane’s esophagus. Here, it’s more in the nature of “I am John’s inoperable tumor” or “Molly’s malignant melanoma”. It’s all up, close and personal. For instance, in one of the later passages when Gawande has to confront the mortality of his own dad, a dynamic individual and a highly successful doctor himself, Gawande describes how he had to ‘catheterise’ his helpless dad, that is, put a tube to channel the urine from his extended bladder and how this led to an ‘oceanic’ release. Just passing urine can, in Gawande’s prose, be as liberating as finding moksha in the spiritual sense. And this is what is so reassuring. Gawande allows us to make friends with the enemy that might be lurking at this very moment in each one of us.
Gawande’s quest, however, is much more serious. He tracks the end-of-life options available to individuals, as they navigate the long stretch from a productive life to retirement, the loss of a life partner and eventual abandonment by the nuclear family that the increased lifespan has made almost the norm now. Because he makes us care for the people he describes, they become not just statistics, but real people. These are often persons he can call family and this intimacy allows us to feel their anguish, as they make their often agonising decisions.
In the US, the options are many, from old-age shelters and retirement homes mandated by the government to communities for assisted living and various degrees of nursing and care to apparently idyllic villages for the elderly run like ‘star’ hotels. Families can actually shop for these facilities. In most cases described by Gawande, elder parents also have a say in where they spend the rest of their lives.
For the Indian reader, these propositions are, of course, interesting. We are now at the cusp of moving away from the old joint family system, where the question of looking after an elderly person was part of the cultural blanket. Gawande includes a description of the last years of his grandfather, Sitaram Gawande, who was from a tiny agricultural community in Maharashtra. His grandfather lived till he was 110 years old, triumphing over many vicissitudes—not the least outliving three wives—but managed to be chipper right till the end when he fell off a local bus and knocked his by then fragile head.
Gawande’s underlying message appears to be that we need to be in control of our mortality, even in extremis. Or, to paraphrase the poet, “To Die. Perchance to dream. Don’t stint on the morphine!”
Geeta Doctor is a
Chennai-based writer
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Qatar Airways announces 25% cut in faresBarcelona
(The week-long offer comes…)
MUMBAI: Gulf airline Qatar Airways today rolled out a limited period promotional fares scheme, offering up to 25 per cent discount to its customers including in India to destinations across Europe, Africa, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and the Americas.
The week-long offer comes into effect from today and will continue till November 10 with a travel period window of six months, Qatar Airways said in a release.
The discount of up to 25 per cent is being offered for return travel on Qatar Airways in all classes for travel originating from India, it said.
"This exciting offer provides our passengers travelling on leisure or business trips, an opportunity to visit more than 140 destinations worldwide on our rapidly expanding global network.
"We look forward to seeing them take advantage of these incredibly special fares over the next few days," Qatar Airways vice president for the Indian sub-continent Ihab Sorial said.
Qatar Airways offers flights from 12 cities in India via its hub in Doha to global destinations such as Barcelona , Chicago , Dallas , Houston , London, Miami, New York, Paris, Philadelphia, Rome, Washington DC besides other destinations.
The Doha-based airline operates across 145 business and leisure destinations spanning over the Middle East, Asia Pacific, Africa, North America and South America with a fleet of 139 aircraft.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bomber among 21 arrested after Wagah blast as toll mounts to61Print
International Indo-Pak, Attari border closed after bomb blast at Wagah (Pakistan) on Sunday. (Source: PTI Photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: November 3, 2014 6:23 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 8:43 am
At least 21 people, including a suspected bomber, were arrested on Monday and explosives and a suicide vest recovered from Wagah border area as entire Pakistan was put on red alert after 61 people were killed in a deadly terror attack at the Indo-Pak land border crossing.
A Punjab Rangers official said that explosives and a suicide jacket had been found during a search operation in the area.
“The suicide vest stuffed with explosives and ball bearings has been defused by the bomb disposal squad,” he said.
The law enforcement agencies arrested 20 ‘suspects’ from the Wagah border areas during the search operation.
A Punjab Rangers official said that explosives and a suicide jacket had been found during a search operation at Wagah border. (source: IE photo by Rana Simranjit Singh)
Lahore police spokesman Niyab Haider Naqvi told PTI that the law enforcement agencies launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah after the attack and taken 20 suspects into custody.
“A joint investigation team of police, rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and rangers along with police will provide security to Muharram processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday’s attack,” he said.
They also arrested a suspected suicide-bomber from Multan district, some 350 kilometres from Lahore.
The Lahore police yesterday issued a sketch of 17-year-old Abdul Rehman who had gone missing from a seminary in old city of Lahore for a month.
“The police along with an intelligence agency have raided a house in Multan district and arrested Abdul Rehman,” Naqvi said, adding Rehman has been shifted to unknown place for interrogation.
At least 61 people, including 10 women, eight children and three security personnel, have died in the attack that took place yesterday when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah. Over 100 injured are being treated in different hospitals in Lahore.
Three militant factions, including splinter groups of the  Taliban, have separately claimed responsibility for the suicide attack that took place after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah.
Al-Qaeda affiliated militant group Jundullah (Soldiers of Allah), a splinter group of the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), was the first to claim the attack.
Shortly afterwards Jamaat-ul-Ahrar said its bomber Hafiz Hanifullah carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
Hours after cancelling the beating retreat ceremony at Wagah following a deadly suicide attack, Pakistan today allowed general public to view the popular ceremony.
“We have decided in a meeting this afternoon to allow the general public to come and watch the flag-lowering ceremony,” Punjab Rangers spokesman Major continued…

Sapient  digital star  soars 40%  on Publicis dealSapient, digital specialist, soars 40%, after Publicis buys it for $3.7B
By: Adam Shell November 3, 2014 7:32 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
French advertising agency Publicis said today it bought U.S. digital marketing specialists Sapient in a $3.7 billion (2.95 billion euro) deal. ( Eric Piermont, AFP/Getty Images)
Shares of Sapient, a U.S.-based marketing firm specializing in the digital space, soared more than 40% in pre-market trading after French-based Publicis Groupe snapped it up for $3.7 billion in an all-cash deal.
Publicis paid $25 a share for Sapient, which equates to a 44% premium to Sapient’s Friday closing price of $17.32.
Before the opening bell on Wall Street, Sapient ( SAPE ) was up $7.28, or 42%, to $24.60.
Publicis said it was snapping up Sapient to speed up its goal of being the industry’s “clear leader in the digital age.” The combined entity will create a platform named Publicis.Sapient, which will focus “exclusively on digital transformation.”
With the acquisition of Sapient, Publicis says “digital revenues will account for more than 50%,” some three years ahead of its 2018 plan.
Earlier this year Publicis’ attempts to merge with U.S. group Omnicom and create the world’s biggest advertising company failed.
Both the managements and boards of both companies approved the deal unanimously, according to a statement.
In a statement, Maurice Levy, chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe, said: “Sapient is a ‘crown jewel,’ a one of a kind company born in the technology space with strengths in marketing, communications, consulting and omni-channel commerce, all of which are equally important to best help clients achieve their digital transformation.”

Stock market buzz: High times on Wall StreetSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The Dow notched its 19th record close of 2014 on the final trading day of October. (AP)
Dow record high. Check. S&P 500 record high. Check. Nasdaq at 2014 high. Check. The U.S. stock market continues to defy the skeptics, and enters November buzzing at fresh highs.
Indeed, Wall Street kicks off September in a new high state of mind.
Riding the wave of a resurgent U.S. economy, which grew at a 3.5% pace in the third quarter, and a very strong corporate earning season in the third quarter (76% of S&P 500 companies have topped forecasts so far, on track for its third-best quarterly “beat” rate in 20 years, according to Thomson Reuters data) U.S. stocks are firing on all cylinders again.
Stocks have also gotten a boost since mid-October from a dissipation of fears related to the Ebola virus, which hasn’t seen a dangerous spread in the USA as feared. The ability of U.S. companies to churn out solid earnings and the economy to grow at a faster clip the past two quarters has also eased worries about weaker growth around the globe infecting the USA.
As November kicks off, investors are closely watching Tuesday’s  midterm Congressional elections as well as the release of the October jobs report on Friday. In pre-market futures trading, the stock market was slightly lower, with the Dow Jones industrial average down 26 points and the Standard & Poor’s 500 stock index off more than 2 points, or 0.1%
Heading into the first trading session of November, which kicks off historically what has been the best six-month stretch for stocks, three of the major U.S. stock indexes are at either all-time highs or at their highest levels of the year:
Index        High          Ytd. gain
S&P 500   2018.05      +9.2%
Nasdaq     4630.14     +10.9%

http://usat.ly/1qm6gwRFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Oct. sales: Detroit up and down; import brands rise
October auto sales: GM about flat, Ford slips, Chrysler booms on Jeep, Ram; Toyota, Nissan up, Honda rises despite key model weakness;
Post to Facebook
Oct. sales: Detroit up and down; import brands rise October auto sales: GM about flat, Ford slips, Chrysler booms on Jeep, Ram; Toyota, Nissan up, Honda rises despite key model weakness; Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tSRDGd
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
21
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Oct. sales: Detroit up and down; import brands rise
James R. Healey and Fred Meier, USA TODAY 8:02 p.m. EST November 3, 2014
Video Keywords General Motors Trucks and suvs gas prices GMC Sierra Silverado stronger profit miss forecast Fiat Chrysler
Auto sales, considered an early snapshot of U.S. consumer sending, had their best October in years. Bobbi Rebell reports. Video provided by Reuters Newslook
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  I've ever was a good time to be an automaker
00:04  thanks to a formula that is working for the industry. Kelley
00:07  blue book Carl Brower there's good credit available the economy seems
00:12  to keep strengthening at least enough to have some confidence in
00:15  people there's eleven year old cars out there as the average
00:18  age so people want a new vehicle. And of course fuel
00:21  prices are dropping so now people are not only looking at
00:24  new vehicles but they're looking into large vehicles. Just great for
00:27  the auto makers because of course those carry stronger profit. And
00:30  many members support the bigger is better mantra of US consumers
00:34  Ford's F series pickup trucks remained the best selling models in
00:38  the US. Even as the company lowers production has switched to
00:41  a new aluminum body model. General Motors while overall sales miss
00:45  forecast reported pickup truck sales which include the Chevy Silverado and
00:49  GMC Sierra were up 16%. Fiat Chrysler overall sales up 22%.
00:56  Driven by strong pick up and GS UV demand Reuters correspondent
01:00  Ed claimant. It'll really low gas prices below three dollars a
01:04  gallon. Are really boosting sales for a bit. Trucks and suvs
01:09  dispersants smaller suvs and that's a trend a lot of analysts
01:13  and she executives expect to continue as we go forward where
01:17  we're gonna see. More sales of those vehicles and fewer sales
01:20  of the smaller cars. Overall monthly US sales of the fifth
01:24  largest automakers rose 6% from a year ago. Matching analysts' expectations
01:29  and setting up a nice year and trends. You're gonna go
01:32  into the holidays you have all the year and stuff we've
01:34  always got. But there's no indication that there's any reason for
01:38  the sales to drop off. And don't forget that every time
01:41  we have these sales grows on years that we were growing
01:44  up previously that just shows how strong market. And with auto
01:48  sales considered an early snapshot of consumer spending the stock I
01:52  don't market can be a tip off the holiday season full
01:55  of good cheer for all.
Chevrolet was up just 0.5% overall, despite the hefty 51% gain by the Cruze compact sedan.
(Photo: Chevrolet)
95 CONNECT 92 TWEET 29 LINKEDIN 21 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Detroit automakers reported a patchwork October sales tally on Monday — mostly reflecting boom and bust within the brands.
Cheaper fuel renewed buyers' interest in the brand's bigger vehicles. And a combination of low interest rates and loans averaging just less than six years gave fancier models still-affordable monthly payments.
Import brands generally finished with stronger sales increases, though many had similar internal face-offs as some models, despite redesigns, did poorly, while others found plenty of buyers.
Overall industry sales continued the year's gains, with the annualized sales pace for October at 16.46 million vehicles, vs. 15.38 million a year ago and a year-over-year percentage gain of  6.1% to
1.28  million new cars and trucks in the U.S.
Trucks, vans and SUVs  accounted for 52% of sales, continuing to outsell cars.
"October was another strong month for the automotive sector, driven by a combination of low fuel prices, available credit and the ongoing pent-up demand factor. The average car on the road remains more than 11 years old," says Karl Brauer, senior analyst at Kelley Blue Book.
The average new-car loan in October was 67 months, second longest on record, according to Edmunds.com auto shopping and research site.
"For better or worse, many shoppers tend to weigh monthly payments more heavily than the overall transaction price of a car," says Edmunds.com senior analyst Jessica Caldwell.
She notes that such long loans are risky for buyers — and automakers. The cars lose value faster than owners repay the loan, keeping them out of the new-car market for years because their vehicles are worth less than nothing as trade-ins.
Nevertheless, Caldwell notes, the long loans at low rates "have had an undeniable impact in getting more people into bigger and more expensive vehicles, such as trucks and SUVs."
That effect was amplified by lower fuel prices. "October vehicle sales were the best for the month in 10 years as an improving economy and lower gas prices drove strong SUV sales," said Bill Fay, Toyota division group vice president and general manager, in a statement.
Highlights in the monthly reports:
• GM sales about flat on mix of heroes and villains
General Motors sales eased up just 0.2% in October from a year earlier, to 226,819, still enough to make it the best October since 2007 by about 400 cars.
Buick, was the star, up 6.5% as sales of the diminutive Encore crossover SUV aimed at urbanites jumped 32.7%, making it the brand's best seller for the month. The large, three-row Enclave crossover SUV inched up 1.8% and continues to be the best-selling Buick for the year so far. Sales of Regal midsize and Verano compact sedans fell.
Chevrolet was up just 0.5% overall, despite the hefty 51% gain by the Cruze compact sedan and a 10.1% increase for the Silverado full-size pickup, Silverado's best October sales since 2007.
Volt extended-range electric slipped 28.8% as savvy buyers know an overhauled version will be unveiled in January and goes on sale later in the year. Changes in equipment and production will cut GM's costs and could reduce the price.
GMC edged back 0.8% even though its main product, the Sierra full-size pickup, had its best October since 2001 and sales were up 12.5%.
Cadillac was off 8% on big drops by the SRX midsize crossover SUV and the XTS big sedan. They more than wiped out a 49.3% gain for the redesigned CTS midsize sedan and growth for the redesigned by Escalade SUV.
• Ford Motor hurt by factory closing for 2015 F-150
Ford Motor said its October sales slipped 1.7% from a year ago, despite records for the month posted by the Fusion midsize sedan and Escape SUV, and the best October in seven years by Lincoln.
Ford said it expected the drop because of a plant closure to retool for the 2015, aluminum-body F-150 pickup, and a deliberate reduction in fleets sales. Other than Fusion, all Ford car models were down, and outgoing 2014 F-150 pickup sales slipped 0.6%.
.
SUV sales were up 6%, however.
Lincoln's two car models, the MKZ midsize and MKS full-size sedan, fell dramatically. But on the strength of its refreshed Navigator big SUV, and new-to-the-lineup MKC compact SUV, Lincoln SUVs were up 77.1%, pulling the brand as a whole up 24.6%.
• Chrysler Group booms on Jeeps, Ram trucks
Chrysler Group continued its string of big monthly sales increases, with a jump of 21.7% largely powered by the Jeep Cherokee and Ram pickup.
"Chrysler is on a streak of growth that's virtually unheard of for American auto manufacturers," says Edmunds' analyst Caldwell. "The company's renewed focus on SUVs comes at a perfect time, when gas prices are plummeting and shoppers are falling back in love with large vehicles."
She cautions, however, that if fuel prices suddenly rise, "Chrysler's weak small car lineup may not be able to fully absorb the blow."
Every model in the Jeep, Ram and Chrysler brands reported better sales than a year ago. Dodge, though, was off 8.4%, awaiting a boost from the redesigned Charger big sedan, which goes on sale this month.
Jeep brand zoomed 51.7%, with much of that due to the new Cherokee. It was just being rolled out a year ago, so nearly all its 15,715 sales were a bonus for the brand, and didn't seem to come at the expense of other models.
• Toyota rises on SUVs, new Camry
Toyota Motor Sales said its October was up 6.9% from a year earlier to 180,580 as SUVs rose 21.6%. But the 2015 Camry, which was significantly updated, was up 14%. The Lexus luxury brand reported its 12th consecutive year-over-year gain.
• Honda up despite tumble among key models
Honda sales rose 5.8% in October, to 121,172, on the strength of the redesigned CR-V SUV, Fit small car and Acura TLX sedan.
Accord midsize sedan, the automaker's best-selling U.S. model, was up 7.8%, as well, but other core models did poorly: The Odyssey minivan fell 7.8%, Pilot three-row crossover 14.1% and Civic compact sedan 11.6%.
• Nissan jumps on core models, overcomes sagging Infiniti
Nissan Motor  reported October sales jumped 13.3% over the total a year ago, driven by a 14.9% gain to 94,072 by the Nissan brand. Infiniti luxury brand sales were down 1.2% to 9,045.
"High consumer confidence and low gas prices helped Nissan set our 13th consecutive monthly sales record in October. We expect that these factors will continue to boost auto sales for the last two months of 2014," said Fred Diaz, Nissan sales chief.
All of the Nissan brand's core models posted increases, with the volume leader Altima sedan up 8.1% to 23,544. The biggest percentage gainer was the redone Sentra compact sedan, up 56.3% to 13,129.
• Hyundai tumbles on Sonata slump
Hyundai reported October sales fell 6% from a year earlier, to 50,081. Sonata, the maker's best seller, is a redesign,  but fell 21.9%. And the compact Elantra, the company's No. 2 seller in the U.S., fell 14.2%.
Santa Fe SUV, on the other hand, rose 7.6%, the compact Tucson SUV rose 78.1% and the redone Genesis premium sedan rose 19.6%.
"While we struggled in a couple of segments, our compact and midsize CUVs  continue to outpace the overall industry," said Bob Pradzinski, vice president of national sales. "Our all-new 2015 Genesis sedan continued its brisk pace," he said.
STORY: Hyundai/Kia hit with record settlement for false mpg ratings
• Kia reports record October
Kia reported October sales up 12.4% to 44,694, a U.S. record for the month for the brand. Volume leaders were the Optima midsize sedan at 11,840, up 3%, and the Soul boxy small car at 10,685 vehicles, up 29.7%.
But the biggest percentage gainer was the redesigned and just-launched 2015 Sedona minivan, which jumped 251.5% from a near-dead 676 a year ago to 2,376 last month.
Kia credits gas prices as well as freshened products for driving October sales.
"Declining gas prices are bringing a steady supply of customers into the market, and our new products have played a role in the steady growth Kia has experienced this year," said Michael Sprague, sales and marketing head for Kia in the U.S.
• VW breaks losing streak with updated models
Volkswagen broke a string of year-over-year sales declines with a 7.8% jump to 30,313 in October from the month last year.
Showing how fresh models are needed to drive sales, VW's gain was led by the refreshed 2015 Jetta sedan, up 31.6% to 13,372 to be VW's volume leader. The all-new 2015 Golf, out over the summer, was up 101% to 2,351, and its GTI performance variant was up 67.1%.
Meanwhile, VW's Passat in the big midsize sedan market, not expected to be refreshed until next year, declined 10.3% to 6,513, and the aging Tiguan  in the hot small crossover market fell 16.3% to 1,803.
VW continues to be the U.S. diesel leader, with diesels representing 18.2% of the month's sales.
• Subaru up 25%, new Legacy grows
Subaru continued its sales roll with 25% increase over a year ago to 43,012 — a seventh-consecutive 40,000-plus month.
A series of successful redesigns brought new buyers to the brand, most recently the redone Outback crossover. Its October sales were up 55.4% to 12,624, just behind the 12,971 for the brand's volume leading Forester SUV.
The redesign of the 2015 Outback's sedan sibling, the Legacy midsize, also is having a strong launch, with sales up 105.9% to 6,362.
"Our sedans and crossovers are generating more and more interest from new buyers," said Jeff Walters, Subaru's U.S. sales VP. "We are particularly pleased with the positive customer reaction to the all-new Legacy, which has had its third consecutive best sales month ever."
• BMW Group up, even as its Mini brand falls
BMW brand enjoyed its best October sales in the U.S. ever — up 11% to 30,602 — helping the group overshadow a 7% sales drop at its Mini small-car brand. BMW Group was up 7.9% in October.
Atypically, BMW's SUVs were off, down 2.4%, while its cars roared to a 14.3% sales increase.
Mini has a new version of its basic model, the hardtop, that's bigger and more powerful than the car it replaces. Despite generally positive reviews, it couldn't save the brand's overall count.
• Audi sets record pace on SUVs, entry sedan
The VW Group premium brand reported a 16.5% October sales increase to 15,150, which Audi says puts it on pace for a record U.S. sales year.
The new A3 entry-level sedan continues a strong launch with sales of 2,380 in October — making it Audi's best-selling car model — and sales of 17,049 since it rolled out in April. Most other Audi car models declined from a year ago.
The Q5 midsize SUV was up 5.7% to 3,571 and was Audi's top seller overall. The big Q7 SUV, meanwhile, was up 23.9% to 1,738.
Diesels accounted for 12.9% of the brand's October sales.
• Jaguar Land Rover tumbles 20% on shortages
Jaguar Land Rover North America reported October 2014 U.S. sales decline of 20% from a year earlier because, JLR said, it had too few of its most popular models on hand to sell.
Land Rover sales were 3,643, down 15%, but would have done better, JLR said, it it had more Range Rover Sport models available — that's Land Rover's biggest U.S. seller — and more LR4 lower-price models.
Jaguar sales were 1,007, down 34%. It couldn't keep enough XF sedans in stock, the automaker said.
• Volvo monthly gain led by new XC60
Volvo, which is rebuilding its lineup, posted a 1.4% sales gain vs. a year ago to 3,972 vehicles.
The big gainer and also the brand's volume leader was the freshened XC60 crossover, up 32.9% to 1,653.
The best-selling car model was the S60 sedan at 1,127, down 11.7%. The XC90 large flagship crossover was down 45.7% to 267 sold as it winds down ahead of the start of production in January of a complete redesign.
Porsche up a bit but small SUV replacing big one
Porsche sales moved up 2.9% in October from a year earlier, to 3,667, but it could have been at the expense of profits.
The new-to-the-lineup Macan compact SUV, loosely based on the Volkswagen Tiguan, added 741 sales to the total, while the larger Cayenne midsize SUV, based on the VW Touareg, tumbled by 957 sales to 712.
As a long-running model that's bigger, Cayenne would generate higher profits than the smaller, new Macan.
The Cayenne has been Porsche's top seller most months, but its 57.3% October sales collapse demoted Cayenne to third among Porsche's five models. The 911/918 sports car was tops, up 30.9% to 979. Second was the new Macan.
Porsche is owned by the Volkswagen Group, but reports sales separately.
Maserati solves the puzzle
Maserati, adding models it thinks appeal specially to U.S. buyers, reported a huge sales jump in October from a year earlier — 258% — to 1.227.
The $70,000 Ghibli sedan is the "low-price" Maserati and seems to be catching on, and an updated 2015 version is to be unveiled at the Los Angeles auto show this month.
95 CONNECT 92 TWEET 29 LINKEDIN 21 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tSRDGd
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/1vCiTpt5 things investors need to know about November
USA TODAY Special Report 11:59 a.m. EST November 3, 2014
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve winter weather Black Friday the Fed Gas prices IMac Zynga Alibaba discretionary industrials OPEC's Activision USA today key stocks Biotech France Capitol Hill Europe China's America's
November is the start of the what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  November is here those three words are music to investors'
00:04  ears. IMac France I USA today. November the arrival means that
00:12  gut wrenching right of October's finally over. They'll never kicks off
00:16  with historically. A very post time for the US stock market.
00:20  November is the second best performing month the past twenty years
00:24  the eleventh month. Also starts the sixth best six month period
00:28  going back in 1950. Expect another interest in November the Dow
00:33  and SP 500 are back at record highs and the month
00:37  hasn't even started yet. Here are five things investors need to
00:41  know about November. Number one risks remain. Never ever has lots
00:46  of things going for it but investors still have to contend
00:49  with risks. This is the first month in two years that
00:52  the Federal Reserve won't be pumping billions of dollars into the
00:56  markets. Now there's a chance the Fed might even raise rates
00:59  next year the congressional elections in the impact on Capitol Hill
01:03  could sway markets do. Economic conditions in Europe also remained weak
01:08  and then there's the uncertainty surrounding the Islamic state in domestic
01:11  terrorism. It looks shoppers show up for the kick after the
01:14  holiday shopping season on Thanksgiving. Number two. Positioning is key stocks
01:21  and sectors closely linked to an economy that is consumer discretionary
01:25  industrials and materials. Are poised to win in November. These stocks
01:29  and do best as investors stop thinking about protecting their portfolios
01:33  from downside it's shift to look for growth. The fact it's
01:37  an election year could make the Russian this cyclical stocks even
01:40  stronger. Three tech stock funds should stay high. Tech stocks have
01:45  traditionally they're well in winter weather the old rule of thumb
01:48  mr. Biotech stocks in November in Salant. Consumers intend to buy
01:53  electronics during the holidays and companies opera buy new equipment in
01:57  the first and second quarters but this winter could be different.
02:00  Well because the tech sector already done so well. Number four
02:06  hourly baba singles day key for attack. Alibaba grabbed headlines of
02:10  this IPO in mid September but now's the time for it
02:13  to deliver the Chinese e-commerce companies face in the big. Pass
02:17  on Wall Street and the rubber for as its first public
02:20  earnings call for the second quarter. Listen for what the company
02:24  says about China's version of Black Friday November 11. Activision. And
02:29  Zynga are there tax in the spotlight as they report earnings.
02:33  Five lower energy prices likely to stay. Gas prices have slipped
02:37  off warrior hello and are down 17%. From June levels. So
02:41  why is OPEC's though fine with that. Columnist rich Regan says
02:45  OPEC will likely not this production when it meets this month
02:49  and the reason is simple. America's energy alternatives are becoming far
02:53  to go. You're gonna get a feel of market moving news
02:56  in November iMac France and USA today.
A statue of George Washington looks out over the New York Stock Exchange building in New York City.
(Photo: Getty Images)
57 CONNECT 110 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
November is here.
Those three words are music to investors' ears because it means the gut-wrenching ride of October is over and that we're entering what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market.
Two quick November facts:
• It is the second-best performing month the past 20 years.
• It starts the best six-month period going back to 1950.
And after the stock market's stunning rebound the past two weeks, November starts with both the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index back at record highs.
In the latest in USA TODAY's Monthly Markets Checkup, here are five things investors need to know about November:
1. Risks remain.
Even with all the seasonal factors weighing in its favor , investors will still have to contend with risks. This is the first month in two years that the Federal Reserve won't be pumping billions of dollars into the financial markets through asset purchases. And now investors will start looking ahead to the likelihood that the Fed will raise interest rates next year. The outcome of the Congressional elections and the impact on the balance of power on Capitol Hill could sway markets. Also having the potential to give pause, economic conditions in Europe remain weak, uncertainty surrounds the Islamic State and domestic terrorism, and the holiday shopping season kicks off on Thanksgiving.

http://usat.ly/1o9yHm8Brittany Maynard, right-to-die advocate, ends her life
USA Today Network Jessica Durando , USA TODAY Network 9:42 p.m. EST November 3, 2014
Video Keywords Americans access controversial topic assisted suicide Valium close family religious organizations Grand Canyon Kansas FaceBook California
Brittany Maynard, the 29-year-old face of the controversial right-to-death movement, died Saturday. Diagnosed with a brain tumor, she captivated millions with her choice to move to Oregon where she could legally end her life with a prescribed pill.
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:01  Since November 2 comes along and I path. Hello my
00:06  family is. Still proud of me in the trees as I
00:11  mean in the month leading up to her death Brittany Maynard
00:14  became a household name. On Saturday she went through with the
00:18  decision that she shared with the world choosing to and her
00:22  own life. The group compassion and choices confirmed Maynard step and
00:26  a FaceBook post saying quote she passed peacefully in her bed
00:29  surrounded by close family and loved ones. The group that advocates
00:33  for and of like decisions teamed up with Maynard to bring
00:36  the controversial topic to a new younger audience. The 29 year
00:40  old newlywed was diagnosed with a stage four malignant brain tumor
00:44  earlier this year and April was given less than six months
00:48  to live. She and her family moved from California to or
00:51  again where she had the option to legally take her own
00:54  life with prescribed medication. I. Kansas even tell you the amount
00:58  of and he that it provides me to know that I
01:01  don't have to. Die the way that it's been described to
01:05  me that my brain tumor and teach me. On how the
01:08  video and debate went viral many civil and religious organizations expressed
01:14  opposition. The number one and message we would wanna get out
01:18  to anyone who is I'm thinking of assisted suicide that every
01:22  single person has to work. And it doesn't matter at this
01:25  stage of life here and it doesn't matter if you're suffering
01:28  are not suffering. Maynard initial plan had been to die Saturday
01:33  two days after her husband's birthday. But last week she made
01:36  headlines again when she released a new video saying she might
01:40  delay taking the medication. Thanks for having an terrain and still
01:43  laughing around with my family and friends and ask that it
01:47  doesn't seem like the great thing. Right now. But according to
01:51  a statement which confirmed her death Maynard was having increasingly frequent
01:55  and longer seizures. Severe head and neck pain and stroke like
01:59  symptoms and went ahead with her planned. After visiting the Grand
02:03  Canyon Maynard that she completed her bucket list but there's one
02:07  dream she still may achieve that she didn't live to see
02:10  it. My goal of course. You can find. This policy for
02:16  positive change and I would like TT. All Americans access to
02:21  complain health care rains. Despite strong opinions on both sides of
02:25  this debate. Nolan can denying she brought the conversation too before.
02:30  I hope to pack and he. The reason to consider life
02:35  and what's in Valium. It's to make change anything. It's easy
02:40  today what's important to you what you care about what matters.
02:45  Pursue that. Can get trapped.
Brittany Maynard is the terminally ill California woman who moved to Portland, Ore., to use Oregon's Death with Dignity Act.
(Photo: AP)
70466 CONNECT 1442 TWEET 66 LINKEDIN 613 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Brittany Maynard, the 29-year-old face of the controversial right-to-death movement,  has died. She captivated millions via social media with her public decision to end her life.
Sean Crowley, spokesman for the non-profit organization Compassion & Choices, confirmed Maynard's death Sunday evening.
"She died peacefully on Saturday, Nov. 1 in her Portland home, surrounded by family and friends," according to a statement from Compassion & Choices.
The statement said Maynard suffered "increasingly frequent and longer seizures, severe head and neck pain, and stroke-like symptoms." She chose to take the "aid-in-dying medication she received months ago."
Her death brings a new element to the movement in the age of social media because the conversation has included younger people.
"She's changed the debate by changing the audience of the debate," Abraham Schwab, an associate professor of philosophy at Indiana University-Purdue University Fort Wayne, told the Associated Press earlier.
One commenter on Twitter posted, "RIP #BrittanyMaynard. To die with dignity still eludes many. May you find peace." Another had mixed feelings. "Brain cancer is a horrific way to die but, being raised traditional Catholic, suicide still a no-no," a commenter wrote.
RIP #BrittanyMaynard . To die with dignity still eludes many. May you find peace.
— Achyuth Punnekat (@achyuthpunnekat) November 3, 2014
Mixed feelings about Brittany Maynard. Brain cancer is a horrific way to die but, being raised traditional Catholic, suicide still a no-no.
— featherchick (@featherchick) November 3, 2014
Maynard was diagnosed with a stage 4 malignant brain tumor. She moved with her family from California to Oregon, where she could legally die with medication prescribed under the Oregon Death With Dignity Act .
Tim Rosales, spokesman for Patients Rights Action Coalition based in Princeton, N.J., said that for every Brittany Maynard, there's a Barbara Wagner, an Oregon woman who fought her insurance company when it said it would cover drugs for her suicide but not for chemotherapy to fight her lung cancer.
"We have to look at assisted suicide in much broader terms," Rosales said in a phone interview Sunday evening. "Obviously, we're very saddened to hear the news about Brittany Maynard. However, that being said, suicide or assisted suicide sends the wrong message to a lot of young people are the country, particularly those who are dealing with psychological or physical challenges or serious illnesses."
Brittany Maynard and her husband Dan Diaz pose at the Grand Canyon National Park in Arizona.
(Photo: AP)
Barbara Coombs Lee, co-author of Oregon's death-with-dignity law and president of Compassion & Choices, underscored the importance of Maynard's age in this national conversation.
"The general public has sort of an unspoken expectation that this is what old people deal with. Brittany Maynard's situation is so different. She's young, she's vibrant," Lee said to the AP earlier. "She could be my daughter. She could be a granddaughter, a neighbor, a school friend."
An evangelical inspirational speaker has been outspoken about Maynard's decision.
"I understand she may be in great pain, and her treatment options are limited and have their own devastating side effects, but I believe Brittany is missing a critical factor in her formula for death: God," said Joni Eareckson Tada last month in an article for Religion News Service.
Also, Philip Johnson, a Catholic seminarian from the Diocese of Raleigh, N.C., who has brain cancer, said on Oct. 22, "Suffering is not worthless, and our lives are not our own to take.  As humans we are relational — we relate to one another and the actions of one person affects others."
Maynard's YouTube video posted on Oct. 6 has received 9.5 million page views to date.
In the video she explained her diagnosis and how she planned to die. "I plan to be surrounded by my immediate family," she said in the video. "I will die upstairs in my bedroom that I share with my husband (...)and pass peacefully with some music I like in the background."
Four other states, including Washington, Montana, Vermont and New Mexico, allow patients to seek help from doctors in dying.
Rosales, citing that every major disability rights group that has taken a position on assisted suicide has opposed it, said that once people become more educated and get into the policy, "the more they turn away from it as the answer to the end-of-life question."

Getting to 4% economy: Welchgetting to 4% economy: welch
WDM witnesses trade worth Rs 4 342.30 cr on NSEWDM witnesses trade worth Rs 4 342.30 cr on NSE
UP govt decides constitution of climate change authorityUP govt decides constitution of climate change authority
Infosys pulls out of new development proj in BengaluruInfosys pulls out of new development proj in Bengaluru
Fund houses  insurers build duration in anticipation of rate cutFund houses  insurers build duration in anticipation of rate cut
Delhi Elections: Reports of BJP wanting elections  LG calls all party meetDelhi Elections: Reports of BJP wanting elections  LG calls all party meet
Rupee closes marginally lower against dollar at 61.41Rupee closes marginally lower against dollar at 61.41
Amara Raja Batteries to hold board meetingAmara Raja Batteries to hold board meeting
SoundFocus launches smartphone caseAmp case is a personalised audio product with intelligent sound system
Coimbatore, Nov 3:  
While many perceive that those born with a golden spoon tend to take life easy, Varun Srinivasan begged to differ. As a school finalist, Varun not only excelled in studies, but bagged Microsoft Imagine Cup, a contest which aims to help resolve some of the world's toughest challenges.
That was in 2005.
He then went to the U.S. to study at Carnegie Mellon University and graduated in Information Systems. In his final year at Carnegie Mellon, this youngster from Coimbatore, co-founded Class.si – a SaaS (Software as a Service) start-up that helped professors at universities manage classroom rosters, collect homework assignments from students and distribute grades.
The same year, he floated another consulting company – 3S Development, that helped small and medium businesses build their brands, develop their online presence and enhance visibility.
He was placed on-campus by Microsoft, where he worked as a Technical Programme Manager for three years. But his quest to move on and be on his own, drove Varun to establish a venture.
In June 2013, he moved to Silicon Valley and started SoundFocus, along with his erstwhile friend at Microsoft – Alex Selig.
SoundFocus
SoundFocus incidentally was started with the goal of building revolutionary audio processing technologies that empower people to hear better.
“Everyone hears differently. To create amazing sound, you need audio products that are tailored to each person's hearing, taste and the environment around them,'' says Alex, the Co-Founder and Chief Executive of SoundFocus.
Amp – intelligent sound system
The company has launched Amp, a product that is very similar to a smartphone case, but with intelligent sound system. ''The Amp case uses an audio test that creates a finger print of the user's hearing pattern and listening preference, so all sound from the phone is tailored specifically for the individual and not the masses,” explains Varun, briefing about the product, adding ''Individuals can customise the sound the way they want, no matter where they are.''
We later learnt that the duo looked at this functionality on smart phone as Alex suffered hearing impairment, and the two friends thought that there could be a felt need for such a tool, not just for the hearing impaired ones, but even for normal human beings.
“Over the past decade everything about smartphones improved exponentially with the exception of sound quality. While these devices have become the primary channel for communication, the sound part of the equation has been completely ignored. We want to give you a great listening experience and Amp increases the smartphone's battery life by more than 25 per cent,” said Varun, the Head of Engineering at SoundFocus.
The company is now looking to launch the product in India.
The company plans to make the Amp case available for iPhone 5, iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in the Indian market very soon.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Private banks can grow at 20-30%Save this video
Copy URL
CMD of Edelweiss Financial Services Limited speaks about how he expects the India growth story to pan out and which are the sectors that one can invest in to get healthy returns. He also speaks about the parameters he uses in choosing specific stocks to invest in.
39

Outside money pouring into state Supreme Court raceOutside money pouring into state Supreme Court race
Illinois Supreme Court Justice Lloyd Karmeier
Chris Yucus, La Salle NewsTribune
Illinois Supreme Court Justice Lloyd Karmeier poses a question to attorney Michael Reagan on May 21.
Illinois Supreme Court Justice Lloyd Karmeier poses a question to attorney Michael Reagan on May 21. (Chris Yucus, La Salle NewsTribune)
Chicago Tribune
Judge's retention election is the latest flare-up in a battle between plaintiffs' lawyers and big business.
Plaintiffs' lawyers and big business have spent millions trying to influence who sits on state Supreme Courts.
Judicial retention elections are normally quiet races that are not very political. But less than three weeks ago, a political action group called Campaign for 2016 surfaced with the aim of persuading voters in southern Illinois to oust Supreme Court Justice Lloyd Karmeier, seeking his second 10-year term.
The group, funded mostly by plaintiffs' lawyers based in St. Louis, aired a television ad Oct. 18 that began, "What's inside the mind of Judge Lloyd Karmeier?" The voice-over went on to say that after Karmeier's 2004 election campaign received $4 million from pro-business interests, the judge voted to overturn multimillion-dollar verdicts against Philip Morris and State Farm. The ad ends, "Our justice is not for sale."
  Open link
The attack ad stirred up last-minute support for the judge. A national Republican political action committee started running an ad on television Sunday praising Karmeier for being tough against violent criminals and standing up to "Chicago trial lawyers who have tried to buy the courts."
"Here we go again," said Bert Brandenburg, executive director of Justice at Stake, which tracks money in judicial elections.
Karmeier's retention election is the latest flare-up in a long-running war being fought between plaintiffs' lawyers and big business. The two sides have spent millions of dollars trying to influence who sits on state Supreme Courts, which decide important cases involving business liability. Corporations and their allies seek to limit damage awards while trial attorneys and unions argue that huge judgments hold negligent businesses accountable.
8
Illinois voters got their first glimpse of the spending arms race in judicial elections in 2004, when Karmeier, a Republican, was in a hotly contested race for the Supreme Court seat representing the 5th Judicial District, which covers 37 southern Illinois counties. A record-setting $9.3 million was spent in that race, funding that mostly came from outside the campaigns.
Six years later, Supreme Court Justice Thomas Kilbride faced opposition to his re-election by pro-business groups that were angry because the judge had sided with the majority on a vote that tossed out a state law limiting damages in medical malpractice suits.
The Karmeier election feeds into the national controversy about the role politics and special-interest money play in state judicial elections. Supporters say elections help hold judges accountable for legislating from the bench. Critics say the big money from outside groups is a threat to judicial independence.
Large sums are being spent on judicial races in this election cycle. As of Friday, the Brennan Center for Justice at the New York University School of Law estimated that political parties, outside groups and candidates have spent $9.1 million on TV ads.
"Special interest groups continue to dump money into state Supreme Court races in an attempt to stack the deck in their favor," said Alicia Bannon, counsel at the Brennan Center. "Voters should feel like our courts are fair and impartial, not political playgrounds where business interests and lawyers can tilt the scales of justice with their pocketbooks."
In Illinois, Supreme Court jurists are elected to 10-year terms on a partisan ballot and then run on a nonpartisan retention ballot after their initial terms. Karmeier is the only justice on the seven-member panel up for retention Nov. 4.
The campaign to defeat him coalesced just weeks before the election. The Campaign for 2016 PAC was created Oct. 16, according to Illinois campaign finance records, and has raised $1.85 million.
Of that, two lawyers, George Zelcs of suburban Barrington and Christine Moody of St. Louis, have contributed a total of $1.2 million. They work for Korein Tillery, a personal-injury law firm in St. Louis.
Unions need control of the supreme court to protect their benefits that can never be diminished.
ChicagoTRS
1
Since 2000, Korein Tillery has been involved in a class-action suit against Philip Morris USA, accusing the tobacco company of misleading consumers about the risks of smoking "light" cigarettes. In 2003, the firm won a $10.1 billion civil judgment — of which Korein Tillery and its legal team would collect $1.8 billion in fees. Justice Karmeier cast one of the four votes overturning the judgment two years later.
The case is back before the Supreme Court after being revived by the plaintiffs. They got a second chance when federal regulators in 2008 changed the way tobacco companies could describe tar and nicotine levels in advertising.
Korein Tillery asked Karmeier to recuse himself, saying the money he received during the 2004 campaign from pro-business groups such as the Illinois Chamber of Commerce created a perceived conflict of interest. Last month Karmeier refused, saying he received no money directly from Philip Morris and has no conflict.
"Justice Karmeier consistently comes out on the side of corporate interests against consumers," Zelcs said. "It's important to show that he's not got a balanced record and do so in an open and transparent way."
Two other law firms representing plaintiffs in the Philip Morris case also have contributed to the opposition campaign. The Chicago firm of Power Rogers & Smith gave $150,000, and Richardson, Patrick, Westbrook & Brickman of South Carolina donated $300,000.
Ron Deedrick, Karmeier's campaign manager, called the attack ads "an eleventh-hour attempt to smear the justice's impartiality, integrity and fairness."
"What this amounts to is trial law firms that stand to gain close to $2 billion in lawyers' fees and want to make an investment of about $2 million to take the judge out," Deedrick said. "For these firms this amounts to a business transaction."
Karmeier's campaign fund had collected less than $200,000 as of Monday, including contributions from a handful of lawyers and businesses.
But last week the Washington-based Republican State Leadership Committee, a super PAC that supports GOP candidates in state elections, jumped into the judicial race. The group has spent $950,000 to support Karmeier, said committee spokeswoman Jill Bader.
"Karmeier is a fair and upstanding judge who is rated 'highly qualified' by the Illinois Bar Association," Bader said in a statement.
Bader said the organization does not accept earmarked funds and therefore could not name the donors behind the $950,000. The Center for Responsive Politics shows on its website that several large corporations have contributed to the group in the past, including Koch Industries, Wal-Mart Stores, AT&T and Altria Group, parent of Philip Morris USA.
Altria Group gave the Republican State Leadership Committee $225,000 last year.
An Altria spokesman declined to comment on whether the company has given the group money in 2014 but added that contributions to the group can't be used in judicial elections.

Chevy Truck Guy  From MVP World Series Presentation a Viral HitThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Snapchat: shortlived pictures and stories for a real-life feel© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1434d9bc-5dce-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The blight at the core of banking goes beyond a few bad applesOctober 30, 2014 4:59 pm
The blight at the core of banking goes beyond a few bad apples
Richard Lambert
Regulation can only do so much to encourage integrity, writes Richard Lambert
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/243f0c6c-5f7f-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Orbital/ATK: lost in space© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/85ed978e-6066-11e4-833b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The History Of The Pin-Up Girl  From The 1800s To The Presentreddit
She's risqué but never explicit. She's flirtatious but fiercely independent. She's erotic but always safe for work, a welcome sight for your teenage cousin and prudish mother alike. She's the pin-up girl, an all natural American sweetheart created to win the adoration of men across the country.
By Alberto Vargas (c) the Max Vargas Collection
You'd know her if you saw her -- the rosy cheeks, bouncy curls, hourglass figure and penchant for thematic lingerie are pretty much a dead giveaway -- but how exactly did she come to be? Join us as we travel back in time and explore the origins of the pin-up girl, with the help of the newly released " The Art of the Pin-up ." It's a peculiar journey, one that overlaps with both women's liberation and women's objectification along the way. Our timeline begins, oddly enough, with the invention of the "safety bicycle" in the 1800s.
Early 1800s: Enter The Bicycle
A Lady's Safety Bicycle from 1889, via Wikipedia Commons
Here's a bit of context before we dive into the history. "Safety bicycles," as they were known, caused quite the raucous amongst Western women in the early 19th century when they were introduced. Doctors and ministers denounced the new fangled vehicles, claiming that bouncing harmed women's fragile insides and the friction of the seat was likely to get them aroused. To suffragists, however, the bicycle was the "freedom machine," freeing women of ties to a male escort.
Early 1800s: Women Wear The Pants
1897 advertisement, via Wikipedia Commons
Soon after bicycles hit the scene, women eschewed their petticoats and layered skirts in favor of bloomers and boots. This small fashion shift revealed women's legs, and women's bodies, in mainstream culture like never before. Women were simultaneously more masculine and also more sexual. Things were getting interesting.
1889: The First Calendar (Girls)
By Rolf Armstrong (c) Brown & Bigelow, via Taschen Books
Thomas Murphy and Edmond Osborne print the first calendar featuring ads beneath the images. The concept was inspired; calendars do guarantee an entire year of ad space. The first calendar, featuring an image of George Washington, and it unsurprisingly didn't do so hot. In fact, the calendar market didn't heat up until 1903 and the release of the first girl calendar, titled "Cosette."
1895: The Gibson Girl
Original pen and ink drawing for "The Weaker Sex," illustration by Charles Dana Gibson, via Wikipedia Commons
Charles Dana Gibson, an illustrator for Life magazine, shook up women's fashion with his cover illustrations of bosomy women with hourglass torsos, dark piles of hair and full, luscious lips. Inspired in part by Gibson's wife and her family, this national icon became known as the Gibson Girl, a girl America loved, known for her simultaneous sensuality and independence. She was, in a sense, the first "dream girl," unattainable aside from pinning her photo up on your wall.
1895-1932: The Gibson Copycats
Harrison Fisher illustration, via Wikipedia Commons
After the success of the Gibson Girl, many other magazines followed Life's lead. Howard Chandler Christy crafted the Christy Girl for The Century magazine in 1895, and Harrison Fisher's Fisher Girl covered Puck Magazine and Cosmopolitan from 1912 until 1932. All the women were similarly beautiful and aloof.
1917: Pin-Up Propaganda
By Howard Chandler Christy, via Wikipedia Commons
During World War I, American President Woodrow Wilson formed the Division of Pictorial Publicity to stir up patriotism and inspire new troops to fight. One of the main tropes of said posters included pretty women, often dressed in sexy military ensembles and announcing messages like "Gee, I Wish I Was A Man Man. I’d Join the Navy," and "Be a Man and Do It." Not the most subtle.
1920s: Those Roaring '20s
Where there's smoke there's fire by Russell Patterson, via Wikipedia Commons
With their partners away at war, women in the 1920s had tasted freedom and weren't willing to let it go. The jazz age brought with it shortened hems, spiked illegal alcohol, bobbed hair and a heightened sense of youthful rebellion. The free-spirited flapper generation was wild, free and eager to show some skin. Artists like Rolf Armstrong responded to the trend, dressing his pin-up girls all the more scantily as well.
1940s: Psychologically Perfected Propaganda
By Earl Moran (c) Brown & Bigelow, via Taschen Books
World War II captured the pinnacle of pin-ups, as carefully designed by the U.S. government to boost morale by presenting an all-American view of the sweetheart waiting for him -- the girls worth fighting for. These pin-up photos were found pasted inside barracks, hung in submarines, and tucked into soldiers' pockets.
1950s: People Realize Sex Sells
By Peter Driben, via Taschen Books
Soon the erotic tactics employed for war advertising were extended to all advertising, as first actualized by Madison Avenue in the 1950s and 1960s.
1953: Playboy Is Born
By Gil Elvgren (c) Brown & Bigelow, via Taschen Books
Hugh Hefner launched his notorious nudie mag, using pin-up magazines as his muse, yet aware that the future of the female image lied in photography. By 1955, most magazines looked more like Playboy than the pin-up covers so popular ten years before. Once the magazine had surpassed the pin-up in popularity, there wasn't as pressing a need to preserve the women's innocence. The images weren't above the bed, but in the garage.
1978: The Collecting Begins
Zoe Mozert. Mitchell Mehdy Collection, via Taschen Books
Right when pop culture at large was losing interest in pin-ups, Charles Martignette was finally growing old enough to purchase them. Martignette, who'd begun lusting after pin-ups at only eight years old, acquired his first at 27, and spent the 1980s buying up all he could. The obsessive fellow amassed a 4,300-piece collection of pin-up artworks. They were stored in warehouses and never exhibited.
1980s and 1990s: Pin-Ups Get Artsy
Zoe Mozert painting Jane Russell for The Outlaw film poster, via Taschen Books
Pin-ups emerged from their neglected state thanks to an exhibition organized by Louis Meisel in 1982 and the publication of "The Great American Pin-up" in 1996.
2008: The Collection Disperses
By Enoch Bolles, via Taschen Books
Martignette died unexpectedly of a heart attack in 2008, at which time his extensive 4,300-piece collection was passed on to the Heritage Auctions in Dallas, Texas. It took 12 auctions over four years to disband the massive compendium, the largest collection of surviving original pin-up art. Pin-up artworks were removed from the warehouse and free to exist as they were always intended to -- where they could be pinned up.
Information and images for this timeline came courtesy of Taschen's " The Art of Pin-up ." Check out our earlier coverage of the book here .
Earlier on HuffPost:

Milk might not do a body good after allBy Abby Phillip October 31 Follow @abbydphillip
This file photo shows gallons of milk arranged at a Milwaukee grocery store. (AP Photo/Dinesh Ramde, File)
Milk is often touted as one of nature's most perfect foods -- and for good reason. It contains many essential nutrients and in particular, the high calcium content has been touted as crucial for good bone health when fortified with vitamin D, as it is in the United States.
But a new study from researchers in Uppsala University in Sweden suggests that consuming more milk could actually be associated with higher mortality and bone fractures in women and higher mortality in men.
“I've looked at fractures during the last 25 years. I've been puzzled by the question because there has again and again been a tendency of a higher risk of fracture with a higher intake of milk,” said the study's lead author Karl Michaelsson, a professor at Uppsala University.
The study, published in the British Medical Journal , utilized data from two large, long-term Swedish studies of adult men and women, which asked about their dietary habits -- how much and what types of milk and dairy products they consumed.
Women who consumed three or more glasses of milk a day had a higher risk of fracture and a higher risk of death. Men who drank three or more glasses of milk a day had a slightly higher risk of death -- mostly associated with cardiovascular death -- compared to those who drank less than one glass a day. And there was no reduced risk of fracture as milk consumption increased.
Michaelsson's team also analyzed data from the two studies about the levels of a biological marker of stress in some of the participants.
In both men and women, the amount of milk they consumed was also associated with higher levels of a biological stress marker -- oxidative stress -- which has been associated with aging, cancer and cardiovascular disease.
Other studies have observed a similar -- and seemingly paradoxical -- relationship between the consumption of calcium-rich milk and bone fractures.
Meta-analysis studies in 2007 and 2011 found that there was no association between hip fractures risk and milk consumption.
But why milk consumption might be associated with mortality is a much more difficult question to answer.
Notably, the association between fractures or mortality and dairy consumption was not seen with derivatives of milk, such as cheese, yogurt, sour milk, and other fermented products. In fact, in Michaelsson's analysis, each serving of cheese or fermented milk products reduced rates of mortality and hip fractures by 10-15 percent.
According to Michaelsson, the results suggest that more research is needed to understand whether a specific component of milk -- a sugar called D-galactose-- might play a role in his findings.
D-galactose is known to induce aging in animals, and is linked to increased oxidative stress and inflammation.
“With fermented cheese the level of galactose is very low. It’s not as high as it is in milk,”  Michaelsson said. “Yogurt also has the probiotic effect of bacteria.”
The study is just the latest in a long string of evidence calling into question the health benefits of one of the most popular beverages nature has to offer.
In addition to questions about the benefits of milk consumption for preventing hip fractures and preserving bone density, recent research has linked dairy to ailments, such as acne.  Not to mention that about 65 percent of the world can’t digest the lactose found in generous quantities in milk -- and to a lesser extent in certain cheeses and yogurts -- after infancy.
Recently, Americans -- and indeed much of the world -- have been coming down from their milk high for some time.
Since the 1970s, milk consumption in the United States has dropped  from about 1.5 cups a day to about 0.8 cups a day today.
In some cases, Americans have replaced the drink at lunch and dinner with sugary drinks, such as juices and sodas. But also bottled water and sports drinks are now competing for their attention . But consumers are also now choosing plant-based “milk” products, such as soy, almond, and coconut milks.
With evidence of health benefits of milk eroding with each passing year, some physicians have called into question government recommendations that most adults and adolescents consume up to three cups of milk a day.
In children, encouraging milk consumption through the National School Lunch Program often takes the form of sugar-sweetened chocolate milk, which has sugar content similar to soda, points out David Ludwig, a Harvard professor of nutrition.
In a 2013 paper Ludwig co-wrote, he suggested that there is not enough scientific evidence to support federal milk consumption recommendations.
And in fact, he added, there is more evidence that humans -- who only recently began consuming milk with the domestication of large animals -- don’t need it at all.
“Until very very recently, from an evolutionary perspective, humans would have consumed no milk products at all and would have consumed calcium from other sources,” Ludwig said. “Populations that drink no milk at all have perfectly fine bones.
“Which isn’t to say that milk is necessarily unhelpful, we just lack a good evidence base for the recommendation that we consume such high levels of it.”
Milk, by design, encourages rapid growth in animals through the naturally occurring presence of hormones, which Ludwig suggests could be deleterious to humans over the course of their life span.
“In some situations growth is a good thing, but in others it's not,” Ludwig explained. “To be experiencing life-long over-stimulation of growth pathways could in theory increase risk for cancer.”
Despite these concerns, there is still insufficient, definitive clinical evidence to make recommendations about whether people should continue to consume milk, Michaelsson noted. Still, he's aware that his research casts doubt on the benefits of long-held beliefs about milk.
“This is how we expand our knowledge,” Michaelsson said. “But I'm fully aware that many aren't keen to hear these results.”
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

BlackRock bleeds $18bn from active equity armBlackRock bleeds $18bn from active equity arm
Madison Marriage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a64cc4dc-602f-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Regulator warns on non-disclosure deals© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8ab9df8e-60fc-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asset managers host no-surprise parties© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/08d8eb14-602e-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cheryle Jackson talks about when breast cancer finally made her cry0
Jackson detected the lump herself in the summer of 2012, six months before she was diagnosed. Initially, after a mammogram and ultrasound, she was told it was benign and to monitor it.
"But I was pretty persistent, because it was bringing friends," Jackson said, laughing now at the thought of the additional lumps.
Jackson has a great, big laugh.
"You know, who wants to rush to have cancer?" she said, the laughing now becoming uncontrollable. "When the experts tell you you don't have cancer, you're like, 'phew.' But at an annual physical, thank God, my primary care physician (a different doctor) was like, 'C.J., you have to go see a specialist right away.'"
She arrived at the Lynn Sage Comprehensive Breast Center for tests, and the women there were clearly sick.
"The older, mother hen of the room loved to talk," Jackson said. "And she loved to talk about Syria, Rev. (Jesse) Jackson, Rev. (Al) Sharpton. She was an expert on everything. ... And I'm the only one left in the room, and she was very chatty. And I'm like, 'Oh, I'm not in here for that. I'm different from y'all. I'm just getting a test.'"
Jackson remembers the woman looking the tall, trim former political candidate up and down, in a slow scan, and saying very slowly yet bitterly, "Well... God bless... Then."
"She was going to let me have my denial," Jackson said.
It didn't hit her until she began planning for a radical mastectomy and went to see her plastic surgeon. She underwent her last of four surgeries in February, taking three, four- to six-week leaves from work for recovery in the span of a little more than a year.
"They open up a reality-check book," Jackson said, laughing at her nickname for it. "This is not a boob job! This is your reality. Images from single, double, radical mastectomies. It was so jarring."
And that's when she cried.

UN says climate moves need not dent growthScientists say cost of avoiding runaway climate change is low
Pilita Clark, Environment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26d0edc6-628e-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Central bankers are caught in their own trapNovember 2, 2014 7:13 pm
Central bankers are caught in their own trap
Their power to change expectations relies on their power to make them real, says Martin Sandbu
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2af44544-604d-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bransons space mission brought to earthBranson’s space tourist mission brought back down to earth
Robert Wright in New York and Richard Waters in Mojave
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cfdfcb2e-629a-11e4-aa14-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beijing is slowly but surely relaxing its grip on capital controlsThe renminbi’s place in the FX world
Elaine Moore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51e2a5d2-59f0-11e4-8771-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBS to advise police on financial crimeNovember 3, 2014 12:03 am
RBS to advise City of London police on financial crime
Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a4d7fd0e-6126-11e4-8f87-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jet Airways  SpiceJet Surge on Jet Fuel Price CutYou are here: Home Market
Jet Airways, SpiceJet Surge on Jet Fuel Price Cut
NDTV | Updated On: November 03, 2014 16:27 (IST)
India Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
Shares in aviation companies like Jet Airways, SpiceJet surged on Monday as jet fuel prices were cut by a steep 7.3 per cent on Saturday.
This was the fourth straight cut in jet fuel prices since August on the back of falling crude oil prices.
"Prices have come down by 10 per cent in last two months. Ten per cent of our fuel bill is about Rs 320 crore for the year based on fiscal FY14. So it is a significant relief which we welcome very much," Sanjiv Kapoor, chief operating officer of SpiceJet told NDTV. ( Watch full interview )
As per analysts jet fuel constitutes around 40 per cent of total operating costs of an airline. This cut in jet fuel prices will ease the financial burden of airline companies which have been struggling from higher competition, which has limited their pricing power.
However the recent fall in jet fuel prices may not translate to a cut in airfares. Mr. Kapoor said their fuel cost in India before this price cut was 40 to 60 per cent higher than the global averages and after this price cut also their fuel cost is still higher than the global averages. "This (recent jet fuel price cut) won't allow us to reduce fares, but our costs will definitely come down," added Mr Kapoor.
Spice Jet shares ended 6.75 per cent higher at Rs 14.87 apiece while Jet Airways closed at Rs 240.75 apiece, up 3.7 per cent, outperforming the Nifty which ended flat.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 16:27 (IST)

Why Dr. Reddy s  Pfizer  Wyeth are Up TodayIndia Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
Shares in Dr. Reddy's Lab gained nearly 3 per cent to a day high of Rs 3,261 on Monday as the company is planning to file two new drug applications (NDA) with the US Food and Drug Authority by the end of 2015.
The company said one drug is in late phase of clinical trials.
Earlier Dr. Reddy's Lab had said it expects to file one to two NDAs from 2016-2017 onwards in an investor's presentation.
Pfizer and Wyeth also gained nearly 5 per cent to a day high of Rs 1,720 and Rs 1,150 respectively on Monday. The High Court of Bombay has approved the scheme of merger between Wyeth and Pfizer.
Dr. Reddy's Lab ended 0.6 per cent higher at Rs 3,180.85, while Pfizer shares closed 3.2 per cent higher at 1,690.15 and Wythe  ended at Rs 1,142 apiece, up 5 per cent, outperforming the Nifty which was ended flat on Monday.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 16:37 (IST)

Altice makes 7bn offer for Portugal TelecomAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Bank of India Q2 Net Profit Up 26% at Rs. 786 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Bank of India Q2 Net Profit Up 26% at Rs 786 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 23:51 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
Mumbai: Despite a rise in bad loans, Bank of India on Monday reported a 26 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 786 crore for the quarter ended September 2014, boosted by a higher core income which rose 20 per cent.
The public sector bank had posted a net profit of Rs 621.77 crore for the corresponding quarter a year ago.
Core net interest income grew 20 per cent to Rs 3,031 crore from Rs 2,527 crore in the year-ago period as its advances grew 15 per cent during the quarter.
In spite of a rise in bad assets, which rose to 3.54 per cent, its provisions for the period came down 9 per cent to Rs 1,350 crore from Rs 1,481 crore as the bank had a write-back of Rs 40 crore on provisions made for depreciation on its investments.
The lender saw stress on its asset quality rising in the period with gross non-performing assets jumping to 3.54 per cent from 2.93 per cent, and net NPAs jumped to 2.32 per cent up from 1.85 a year ago.
"Though NPAs have grown, the pace of resolution of stressed assets during the quarter has also accelerated," chairperson and managing director V R Iyer told reporters here.
Fresh slippages in the quarter stood at Rs 2,971 crore and the bank sold Rs 106 crore of NPAs to asset reconstruction companies.
She said the bank is aiming at gross NPAs of under 3 per cent and net NPAs below 2 per cent this fiscal year but added, "These targets are bit ambitious and I see gross NPA at 3.15 per cent."
The bank domestically restructured Rs 1,358 crore assets in the reporting period and has a CDR pipeline of Rs 1,500 crore for the current quarter.
Domestic net interest margin improved to 2.73 per cent from 2.45 per cent, while global NIM improved to 2.31 per cent from 2.29 per cent.
"We are targeting a domestic NIM of 2.75 per cent and international at 1.5 per cent in this fiscal," Ms Iyer said. Brokerages lapped the numbers and gave a buy call on Bank of India stock.
"The bank reported results with net income growth of 26.4 per cent to Rs 786 crore, mainly on account of 19.9 per cent growth in NII and de-growth in provisions," Angel Broking's Vaibhav Agrawal said.
The bank's domestic deposits grew 21 per cent to Rs 3,88,377 crore from Rs 3,22,193 crore, while domestic advances grew 15 per cent to Rs 2,68,546 crore as against Rs 2,32,815 crore in the same period last year.
The bank is looking at a loan growth of 14-16 per cent in this fiscal year.
The bank raised Rs 2,500 crore additional Tier I capital in the quarter and is planning to raise $750 million through a medium-term note (MTN) issue in the quarter.
"We are in the initial stage of MTN. May be in a month's time we will raise it," general manager for international business R A Sankara Narayanan said, adding that the bank has a $5-billion MTN programme.
The bank has already raised $2.25 billion. It has sought Rs 1,500 crore from the government under its capital infusion plan.
It has established a subsidiary to start merchant banking services. It has already received approval from the Reserve Bank of India and is awaiting nod from the markets watchdog Sebi. The bank will infuse Rs 10 crore in its merchant banking services arm.
Shares in Bank of India, on Monday, ended at Rs 285.95 apiece on the BSE, up 0.19 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 13:53 (IST)

Ryanair again raises full-year guidance© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0613430a-632d-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stevia adds spice to sugar fat debateStevia adds spice to sugar ‘fat’ debate
Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e84d16fc-6327-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CESC Offers QIP Shares at a DiscountYou are here: Home Market
CESC Offers QIP Shares at a Discount
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 14:52 (IST)
India Likely to See Spate of Exists by Private Equity Funds: Experts
Kolkata: City based RP-Sanjiv Goenka group's flagship company, CESC Ltd, on Monday offered equity shares at a discount at Rs 644 against the floor price of Rs 677.84 apiece to qualified institutional investors.
The decision came after the company reportedly received tepid response from overseas investors in the recently concluded Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP).
The company today announced the placement of 76,21,118 (approx 3.5 per cent of total capital) equity shares of Rs 10 each at Rs 644 to eligible institutional buyers in an issue that closed on October 29.
However, the company officials declined to comment, on whether it received several bids from overseas investors below the floor price in the wake of the coal block hurdle.
CESC Ltd had received bids worth $95-97 million against the issue size of $80 million.
The issue had provision of discount of 5 per cent that can be provided on the floor price of the equity shares at the discretion of CESC.
The placement happened in the backdrop of promulgation of the Coal Mines (Special Provisions) Ordinance.
CESC would not only lose two coal mines, one of which is operational, it would also have to pay Rs 97 crore as penalty payable under the Supreme Court order for all the coals mined from these mines till date, according to the disclosure made in the placement document.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 14:23 (IST)

Dabur Q2 Profit Up 15% at Rs. 287.48 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Dabur Q2 Profit Up 15% at Rs 287.48 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 15:17 (IST)
Sahara to Sell Mumbai, Jodhpur Land Parcels for Rs 1,251 Crore: Report
New Delhi:
Dabur India Ltd today reported 15.11 per cent increase in consolidated net profit at Rs 287.48 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014-15.
The company had net profit of Rs 249.74 crore in the July-September quarter of last fiscal, 2013-14.
Dabur's Q2, 2014-15 net sales went up by 10.35 per cent at Rs 1,924.09 crore, compared to Rs 1,743.5 crore in the year-ago period, the company said in a BSE filing.
Dabur's consumer care business increased by 7.55 per cent to Rs 1,602.82 crore, while foods business grew by 29.20 per cent to Rs 262.79 crore.
Retail business was up by 30.73 per cent at Rs 21.65 crore while other businesses increased by 10.36 per cent to Rs 36.83 crore.
Dabur India CEO Sunil Duggal said: "In a low growth and challenging environment where growth rates in most consumer products segments have witnessed a sharp fall, Dabur continued to report strong volume-led growth across its key categories and grow ahead of the market.
"Our domestic FMCG business continued to perform ahead of the industry and we have ended the quarter with an 8.7 per cent volume growth."
For the six month period ended September 30, the company posted a net profit of Rs 498.29 crore as against Rs 435.75 crore in the year-ago period.
Net sales of the company for the six month period ended September 30, rose to Rs 3,787.99 crore as compared to Rs 3,390.5 crore a year ago.
Dabur shares were trading 2.74 per cent up at Rs 232.10 apiece on the BSE in the afternoon.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 15:14 (IST)

Cheap Air Tickets Bringing in More Flyers: SpiceJetGovernment Working on 'As Big Reforms As We Need': HDFC Bank Chief
Domestic budget airline SpiceJet has been at the forefront of announcing promotional schemes to attract flyers. Speaking to NDTV Profit, Sanjiv Kapoor, chief operating officer of SpiceJet, the airline has seen a bump-up in passenger traffic, whenever it has launched such schemes.
Explaining the rationale for launching such schemes, Mr Kapoor said, "We don't like to fly empty planes. Once a plane takes off that empty seat is lost forever." ( Watch )
By selling excess capacity in advance, through advance fare schemes, "We are trying to get rid of excess capacity early so that close to the date to the departure we are leaving with much fuller capacity" the SpiceJet executive added.
Other airlines have also periodically launched advance fare schemes. This has seen passenger traffic rising in recent months. In September, domestic airlines saw a 28 per cent growth in passenger traffic as compared to a year earlier.
Besides promotional schemes, an uptick in consumer sentiment has also contributed to the higher airline traffic. Giving a breakup, Mr Kapoor estimates 8-9 per cent traffic growth coming from the rise in business sentiment and 18-20 per cent from demand-inducing promotional schemes. Mr Kapoor sees a pick-up in passenger traffic in October though it has not officially declared the passenger traffic details.
"It's a win-win situation for everybody. By stimulating demand through advance purchase schemes, total revenue per aircraft goes up," he added.
During the first quarter (April-June), SpiceJet reported nearly 10 per cent rise in revenue per available seat-kilometre.
Sharing another insight into passenger behavior, Mr Kapoor said that if the discount fares are delayed at the last minute, customers prove to be least price sensitive. "If you do you biggest discount in the last minute, you are shooting yourself in the foot," he said.
Recently, the price of jet fuel was slashed by 7.3 per cent in a big relief to airlines. According to estimates, fuel charges contribute to nearly one-third of an airline's operational expenses.
"The jet fuel price has been cut by 10 per cent in last two months. And based on last fiscal's numbers, it could save us Rs 320 crore  in fuel expenses," Mr Kapoor added.
But airlines have not yet announced a cut in passenger fares. "In India, airfares are among the lowest in the world on an average but despite the price cut fuel prices are significantly higher than the global average," he said. Fares can't go lower than what they are today, Mr Kapoor added.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 17:51 (IST)

Audencia launches MBA and DBA in ChinaAudencia Nantes to launch MBA, masters degrees and DBA in Beijing
Della Bradshaw
©Rosie Hallam
Frank Vidal, dean of Audencia Nantes Business School
French business school Audencia Nantes is the latest European business school to launch a double degree MBA programme and other courses in collaboration with universities in China. The school, which has a Paris campus as well as one in Nantes, has signed agreements with two Beijing-based institutions.
Earlier this week Esade Business School, from Barcelona, announced that it will launch a dual degree with the Guanghua School of Management at Peking University in September 2015. And in June this year London Business School and Fudan University, in Shanghai, announced that they would teach a double degree Masters in Management (MiM) programme for pre-experience students, also from September 2015.
More
The Academic Week Ahead
Audencia’s first accord is with the Beijing Institute of Technology. Audencia will teach the double degree MBA , a double degree Grande Ecole Masters in Management programme and an international masters degree with BIT. The second agreement is with Tsinghua University’s School of Continuing Education. The two institutions will launch an executive DBA programme in responsible management and also a six-month “prépa” class, which will enable Tsinghua graduates to study on Audencia’s two-year Masters in Management programme.
Research collaboration is also included as part of the relationships with the two Chinese universities.
Frank Vidal, dean of Audencia, says there are a number of reasons for the rush of European business schools to forge alliances in China. The first is the need to find new markets as the economy in Europe stagnates. But for France in particular, there has been a surge of agreement because 2014 marks the 50-year anniversary of the resumption of diplomatic relations between France and China.
“We have chosen our partners carefully,” says Prof Vidal. Audencia’s aim is to recruit 50 per cent of its students from outside France by 2015 – today 75 per cent of students are French. “We need a way of recruiting the best students and this is one way to do that.”
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

IED found at Wagah border parking areaUpdated: November 3, 2014 17:12 IST
IED found at Wagah border parking area
PTI
Reuters Soldiers from the Pakistan Rangers stand guard in a vehicle along a road leading to the Wagah border, near Lahore on Monday, November 3, 2014.
VIDEO
terrorism (crime)
An improvised explosive device (IED) was found from parking area of the Wagah border on Monday, a day after at least 61 people were killed following the flag- lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pak land border crossing.
The Bomb Disposal Squad (BDS) was called to the site for inspection after the IED was recovered. The BDS then launched search operations surrounding Wagah border, The Nation newspaper reported.
Security forces also began search operation in nearby villages and areas and rounded up several suspects.
A suicide bomber killed at least 61 people on Sunday at the crossing.
Over 100 people were injured in the incident and are being treated in different Lahore’s hospitals where emergency has been declared.
The blast took place when a large number of people were returning after attending the flag lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pak land border crossing, which is heavily guarded by the Punjab Rangers.
A young suicide-bomber, wearing a suicide vest with 15 to 20 kg of explosives, blew himself up near the main exit gate of Parade Avenue last evening, causing massive devastation.

Euro weakens after manufacturing dataUS dollar surges after strong data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d44c9b0-6308-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nusra ousts Syrian rebels from IdlibNovember 3, 2014 9:18 am
Nusra fighters oust moderate rebels from Syria stronghold
Erika Solomon in Beirut
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ea89a66-6335-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee Ends Little Changed at 61.40 Per DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends Little Changed at 61.40 Against Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: November 03, 2014 18:40 (IST)
Rupee Ends Higher at 61.88 After RBI Policy Review
Mumbai: The rupee ducked the fall in Asian currencies to end little-changed on Monday, as continued foreign fund flows offset nervousness about a weakening Chinese economy and the dollar's strength after the Bank of Japan's stimulus announcement.
In recent sessions, falls in the rupee have been capped after continued strong foreign inflows helped send domestic shares to consecutive record highs and 10-year bond yields to more than 14-month highs.
Global factors, including the European Central Bank policy meeting on Thursday and the US monthly jobs data on Friday, will likely determine the rupee's direction. Adding to the caution in positions, local markets will be closed on Tuesday and Thursday for holidays.
"India is one of the biggest beneficiaries of the yen carry-trade," said Anindya Banerjee, a currency analyst at Kotak Securities.
"On the day when the yen fell the most, it is obvious that the rupee will relatively be the better performer among Asian currencies."
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.40/41 per dollar, almost the same as its Friday close of 61.3950/4050. Markets will be closed on Tuesday and Thursday for local holidays.
Domestic data showing a modest pickup in Indian factory activity in October, according to the HSBC Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), failed to have much of an impact.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.59/69, while the three-month contract was at 62.19/29.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Publicis to acquire Sapient for $3.7 billionHi Guest
Publicis to acquire Sapient for $3.7 billion
In one of the biggest deals in the media and advertising space, French advertising agency Publicis Groupe will acquire US digital marketing firm Sapient in an all-cash deal worth $3.7 billion (approx Rs 22,500 crore). "Publicis Groupe and Sapient on Monday announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Publicis Groupe will acquire Sapient in an all-cash transaction for $25 per share," Publicis Groupe said in a statement. The deal will create $10 billion ...

Oil cos loss on sale of subsidised LPG  kerosene up 35% per dayHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Oil cos loss on sale of subsidised LPG, kerosene up 35% per day
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Losses on sale of subsidised fuel have risen by 35 per cent to Rs 188 crore per day even though oil firms have been losing less on LPG and kerosene because of fall in international oil rates.
State—owned fuel retailers are losing Rs 27.60 on sale of every litre of kerosene through the Public Distribution system (PDS) and Rs 393.50 per 14.2—kg domestic cooking gas LPG, an official statement said.
These are lower than Rs 31.22 a litre loss oil firms were incurring on sale through PDS in second half of last month, and Rs 404.64 per LPG cylinder.
Despite the losses being lower, the statement said, the per day under—recovery has risen to Rs 188 crore from Rs 139 crore.
“Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs), effective November 1, 2014, are now incurring combined daily under—recovery of about Rs 188 crore on the sale of PDS kerosene and domestic LPG.
This is higher than Rs 139 crore daily under—recoveries during previous fortnight,” it said.
The statement did not explain as to how the daily under— recoveries have increased even through loss on both kerosene and LPG have declined.
After diesel price was deregulated last month, only two products remain subsidised.
The statement said the under—recovery or the revenue loss incurred on selling fuel below cost, in the first half of current fiscal was Rs 51,110 crore. “The figure was Rs 139,869 crore for full year in the 2013—14.”
While the government had freed pricing of petrol from its control in June 2010, diesel was deregulated on October 18.
Since then, diesel rates have cut twice — first by Rs 3.37 a litre on October 19 and then by Rs 2.25 per litre from November 1.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Original Apple PC could fetch $600 000 at au...Original Apple computer could fetch $600,000 at December auction
By Reuters | 3 Nov, 2014, 07.01PM IST
 A fully operational Apple computer that company co-founder Steve Jobs sold out of his parents' garage in 1976 for $600 will hit the auction block in December.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: A fully operational Apple computer that company co-founder Steve Jobs sold out of his parents' garage in 1976 for $600 will hit the auction block in December, where it is expected to fetch more than half a million dollars, Christie's said on Monday.
The so-called Ricketts Apple-1 Personal Computer , named after its original owner Charles Ricketts and being sold on Dec. 11, is the only known surviving Apple-1 documented as having been sold directly by Jobs, then just 21, to an individual from the Los Altos, California family home, Christie's said.
"It all started with the Apple-1 and with this particular machine," said Andrew McVinish, Christie's director of decorative arts.
"When you see a child playing with an iPad or iPhone, not too many people know that it all started with the Apple-1," he added. "So to be able to own a machine that started the digital revolution is a very powerful attraction."
The computer is being sold by Robert Luther, a Virginia collector who bought it in 2004 at a police auction of storage locker goods without knowing all the details of its history.
"I knew it had been sold from the garage of Steve Jobs in July of 1976, because I had the buyer's canceled check," Luther wrote on a kickstarter page soliciting funding for a book on the machine's history.
"My computer had been purchased directly from Jobs, and based on the buyers address on the check, he lived four miles from Jobs."
In 1999, the Ricketts Apple-1 was acquired by Bruce Waldack, an entrepreneur who had just sold his company, DigitalNation. Waldack eventually lost his fortune, left the country and died in 2007. The Ricketts Apple-1 was auctioned at a self-storage facility in Virginia, where Luther purchased it.
An Apple-1 expert serviced and started the computer, running
the standard original software program, Microsoft BASIC, and an original Apple-1 Star Trek game to test it out, Christie's said.
The computer will be sold with the canceled check from the original garage purchase on July 27, 1976 made out to Apple Computer by Charles Ricketts for $600, which Ricketts later labeled as "Purchased July 1976 from Steve Jobs in his parents' garage in Los Altos".
A second canceled check for $193 from Aug. 5, 1976 is labeled "Software NA Programmed by Steve Jobs August 1976." The checks were used as evidence for the city of Los Altos to designate the Jobs family home on Crist Drive for eligibility for listing on the National Register of Historic Places.
Last month, the Henry Ford organization paid $905,000 at auction for one of the few remaining Apple-1 computers, which was more than twice the pre-sale estimate.
Fewer than 50 original Apple-1s are believed to be in existence of the few hundred originally produced.

http://usat.ly/1EcP9G3FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Review: New 'Call of Duty' has star power and firepower
The Call of Duty video games have always had plenty of firepower. This year's edition, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, out today, packs star power, too.
Post to Facebook
Review: New 'Call of Duty' has star power and firepower The Call of Duty video games have always had plenty of firepower. This year's edition, Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, out today, packs star power, too. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wZBTkR
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
21
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Review: New 'Call of Duty' has star power and firepower
Mike Snider , USA TODAY 4:19 p.m. EST November 3, 2014
The characters have a realistic look.
(Photo: Activision)
12552 CONNECT 628 TWEET LINKEDIN 21 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare advances video games ever closer to the realm of big-budget action films.
On the newest high-def video-game systems, the latest entry in the billion-dollar first-person shooter franchise looks hyper-real. And Advanced Warfare's attention to story makes it more intriguing — and, importantly, more fun — than most movies to hit the cinema recently.
From the opening moment, you notice the quality and fidelity of the presentation. The initial scripted scene looks like live-action footage from a movie, but then your character, Marine Pvt. Jack Mitchell, is asked to perform a task and you know you're in a game.
Battle fatigue could slow the advance of 'Call of Duty'
A crash landing ensues and you're quickly dropped into fast-paced, sensory-overwhelming action. A giant walking tank barely misses your head as you and your four-person squad advance through the havoc-wrecked streets of Seoul, which is under attack by North Korean troops.
Attention to story makes the game  more intriguing and more fun  than some movies.
(Photo: Activision)
Next, a fleet of miniature flying attack drones swarm after you and you hop onto an abandoned anti-aircraft turret to deliver some damage. You quickly learn to make use of your boost-jumping capabilities — double tapping a button then pushing the joystick forward to direct your character — to leap over crevasses and hover as you drop from great heights.
Mitchell's initial mission with squad mate Will Irons sets events in motion for Advanced Warfare's story arc. An assault on an enemy attack hovercraft is successful, but there are complications.
Kevin Spacey answers 'Call of Duty'
As a result, you wind up working for Irons' father, Jonathan Irons, who happens to be the head of private military company Atlas, a futuristic incarnation of a Blackwater-type firm.
Played masterfully by Kevin Spacey, Irons invests you in the story. His motives move from fiction that feels somewhat realistic — the rise of private military companies (PMCs) — into the over-the-top territory of James Bond films, but that's part of the game's roller-coaster ride appeal. "We don't sell policies, we sell power," Irons says. "We are a superpower for hire."
Kevin Spacey plays the character Jonathan Irons.
(Photo: Activision)
Spacey adds sizzle to a compelling story, written by Sledgehammer Games co-founders Michael Condrey and Glen Schofield with an assist from movie writer and producer Mark Boal (Zero Dark Thirty, The Hurt Locker), who served as a consultant.
The combat never gets boring because the setting — and your weaponry — constantly changes. Your magnetized gloves and boots let you leap from vehicle to vehicle in a frenetic car chase and cling to a building Mission: Impossible-style.
You're armed with several new grenades that point out hiding enemies, turn off the power in drones and other mechanized weapons, and smartly fly to seek out enemies. You also will man advanced tanks, fly smart aircraft and combat drones, and inhabit a massive mechanical armored suit.
And there's brutal hand-to-hand fighting, too. (Parents, the game is rated Mature for ages 17-up for a reason.)
Beyond the engaging story campaign, Advanced Warfare has an online multiplayer mode that brings the new weaponry and boost jumping in live 16-player contests. And one to four players can team up to fend off waves of computer-controlled enemies in another game mode, the fun and furious Exo-Survival co-op game.
If this is what Sledgehammer Games delivers as rookies at the helm of the Call of Duty franchise, players have plenty to look forward to.
Publisher: Activision
Platform(s): PC, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PS3, Xbox 360
Price: $59.99 and more for limited edition versions
Rating: M for Mature, ages 17-up
Release Date: Nov. 3
12552 CONNECT 628 TWEET LINKEDIN 21 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wZBTkR
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://usat.ly/1wYluxcFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Wolff: Media is fat and happy at Michael's
Michael's restaurant on West 55th Street in Manhattan turns 25 years old this week. That's a long time for a New York restaurant to remain not only in business, but largely unchanged and with much the same
Post to Facebook
Wolff: Media is fat and happy at Michael's Michael's restaurant on West 55th Street in Manhattan turns 25 years old this week. That's a long time for a New York restaurant to remain not only in business, but largely unchanged and with much the same Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wYluxc
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Wolff: Media is fat and happy at Michael's
Michael Wolff, USA TODAY 2 p.m. EST November 4, 2014
Michael McCarty,  Proprietor, Michael's restaurant on West 55th Street in Manhattan.
(Photo: Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY)
219 CONNECT 135 TWEET 35 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Michael's restaurant on West 55th Street in Manhattan turns 25 this week. That's a long time for a New York restaurant to remain not only in business, but largely unchanged and with much the same clientele. It's a long time, too, for a media outlet to remain fixed and dominant in its market. And Michael's is as much in the media business as in the restaurant business.
In these 25 years, just about everything in media has been upended, but not Michael's. It's fortunate to provide a particular product of importance to media people: lunch. But, like most media trends and styles, you'd think other restaurants would have come along and offered a newer, cooler, more competitive solution to lunch. Many have tried, but none rival Michael's for its hold on where top-tier, or would be top-tier, television, book, magazine, advertising and PR people, associated celebrities, mogul-class types, anchormen and women, and prominent bylines regularly have their lunch. (Recently, the very familiar face I couldn't quite place turned out to be Oprah.)
Some years ago, after a tiff, the substance of which I can't remember, and sensing that the habits and customs of the media were in radical transition, as well as eager to get with the new program, I stopped going to Michael's. Just swore it off cold, resigned my permanent table. I wandered around to the new places with energetic reputations, some adequate, but none just right. And, anyway, the whole idea of lunch — the two-martini lunch albeit without the martinis — seemed lame and old. Digital people, after all, didn't appear to have lunch or, if so, not salubrious ones.
Then, several years having passed, and at the invitation of someone of a standing that made it inopportune to aggressively negotiate venues, I relented and returned to West 55th Street. And everybody was still there — and at their proper table. My entire career still in one place. Time, Inc. people; network  people; Hearst people; Simon & Schuster; Random House; HarperCollins. I knew more people in the room at Michael's than I knew in my college dining room.
What, I wondered, could all this mean, everybody preserved in amber, this alternative reality unmindful of media's death?
Indeed, this was so startling, and so inviting and reassuring, that after a few more visits back, I started to revise my feelings about the media business as a whole. It wasn't obsolete, it was indomitable. If at first one might have thought the people at lunch were all émigrés, White Russian-like, from a nation in revolutionary turmoil, I began to think that instead they might represent a grand reserve of constancy and staying power.
The young and the digital might want to wish the established and powerful away, and yet they were still all here at lunch.
Part of the objection and hostility on the part of the young and the digital to the mainstream media business has been that it is an insider's game, a clubby place. And nothing might confirm that as much as Michael's, where everybody knows everybody, and the pecking order is laid out proudly. (The digitalization and Brooklynization of so much of the media business has — enhancing the resentment — meant that the new generation can't afford Michael's.)
But as digital has become itself an overbearing establishment, occupying ever-great pieces of Manhattan real estate, this old order seemed, with a little critical interpretation, not only to have a nostalgic grace, but to be something of an important counterweight.
Between, say, BuzzFeed, with its data-driven pandering and voracious appetite for traffic (i.e. ratings), and television, why not choose television? It pays more and has grown into something quite adult and worthy.
Still, the center is really not supposed to hold like this, certainly not this firmly, certainly not in the very same place.
Perhaps the media business, as much as the restaurant industry, remains a function of location. Before Michael's opened in the fall of 1989, on the same spot stood the Italian Pavilion, where my ad man dad took me in the 1960s and pointed out William Paley, the chairman of CBS, and his deputy, Frank Stanton, then the two most powerful people in the media business. Even as much of the media has moved out of midtown, there is some sense memory that brings it back to the Mad Men epicenter.
And perhaps it's a kind of much-needed comfort zone: When everything is changing, it's a powerful contrarian position to stay the same. If the customers have remained unchanged, so has, even more strikingly, Michael's staff. There are no unexpected faces greeting you here. Michael himself — Michael McCarty — sweeping the room with a bone-crunching grip, a rub on the back and a shake of his unaging mop top, commutes back and forth every week between this Michael's and one in Santa Monica. Michael's is a movie setting, one from that Manhattan heyday in the 1940s when at least movie life in New York always seemed gathered around someplace with a maître d' who knew everyone who was anybody.
And then, in Manhattan, the clubbiest place on earth, it is wise not to discount the draw of rituals and propriety, of exclusivity, of having made it across invisible but difficult hurdles from the outside to the inside.
The media hoi polloi, and the super snobbish — an affect I tried to cultivate during my period of exile— disdain Michael's, often for want of an invitation, or fear of a bad table. But more and more, I see the digital people creeping in. As change accelerates, it would seem a lost opportunity not to glimpse the media as it was, perhaps as it should be. Michael's cannot be here forever after all. Or can it?
219 CONNECT 135 TWEET 35 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1wYluxc

Inside Virgin Galactic s investigationinside virgin galactic s investigation
BoJ action sees dollar surge past 113 yen for first time in 7 yearsBoJ action sees dollar surge past 113 yen for first time in 7 years
Trade via Attari-Wagah land route comes to haltTrade via Attari-Wagah land route comes to halt
HSBC takes $378m hit for forex scandalHSBC takes $378m hit for forex scandal
Combined daily under-recovery on sale of diesel  PDS Kerosene  LPG is Rs 1.88 bn from Nov 1Combined daily under-recovery on sale of diesel  PDS Kerosene  LPG is Rs 1.88 bn from Nov 1
45 countries to participate in WEF s India summitHi Guest
45 countries to participate in WEF's India summit
Policy makers, including Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, and industry leaders will deliberate on issues of growth and competitiveness at the World Economic Forum's (WEF) India summit that begins on November 4. More than 700 leaders from business, government, civil society and academia from 45 countries will take part in the three-day India Economic Summit, organised by WEF in partnership with industry body CII. Road Transport, Highways & Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari, HRD Minister Smriti ...

RBI to conduct open market sale of govt bonds for Rs 10 000 crRBI to conduct open market sale of govt bonds for Rs 10 000 cr
Can Hot Luggage Get Rid of BedbugsThe latest weapon in the battle against bedbugs—luggage
Amy Langfield CNBC
Email
Bedbugs have not gone away, they've just found new places to hide.
It's been a few years since the media hysteria peaked—along with cases of  itchy people desperately dousing  themselves or furniture with flammable liquids —but the problem is as bad as  ever, according to industry officials. In the last few weeks, the pests have  been found practically everywhere, from New York City  subways to Naval Academy dorm rooms . And a survey last week by  pest-management company Orkin finds renters fear bedbugs over anything else. "Bedbugs have  increased dramatically as a public health pest throughout the country," the  Environmental Protection Agency reports. 
Wikipedia via Forbes.com
What's the latest weapon in the battle against bedbugs? Luggage.
Not surprisingly, the number of bedbug-fighting products has grown as well.  More than 300 different products are now registered by the EPA for use against  them (though that doesn't indicate an endorsement).
The latest weapon in the battle against bedbugs? Luggage.
"The Achilles' heel of a bedbug is heat. They die if it gets to 140  degrees," said James Bell, CEO of a company that makes luggage that  reaches temperatures hot enough to kill bedbugs and their eggs.
The ThermalStrike suitcases, which come in two sizes and  sell for $249 and $199, plugs into a 110-volt socket and heats up  its interior infrared panels to 140 degrees. The company recommends setting the  timer to eight hours for full effect.
Hotels have gotten better about eradicating bedbugs in recent years. A 2013 University of Kentucky survey of 251 pest management companies  across the United States found that only 75 percent of the companies had  responded to a bedbug case in a hotel or motel that year, down slightly from 80  percent in 2011. 
Video: Nov. 28: NBC's Dawn Fratangelo reports that New York City residents are losing sleep over an invasion of blood-seeking bedbugs.
"Hotels are very focused in bedbugs these days," said Missy Henriksen, vice  president of public affairs for the National Pest Management Association. Not  only do they monitor and inspect more closely, most have aggressive response  plans that call for clearing not just the room where the bugs are fund, but  rooms on both sides as well as above and below since the infestation can spread  through electrical sockets. 
Still, Michael Potter, an entomology professor who co-authored the Kentucky  survey, said travelers should remain wary. "Some hotels are being more  pro-active while others are still way behind in the learning curve," he told  CNBC. 
Experts suggest a number of ways to reduce bedbug infestations when  traveling, such as keeping your suitcase off the floor, closing it when not in  use, inspecting the hotel's bed, sheets and headboard upon arrival and putting  your clothes in a hot dryer when returning home. Advice on bedbug control can be  found on the EPA website.
While the self-heating luggage and other bedbug-killing treatments are not  certified by any government agency, the Federal Trade  Commission offers consumers some advice : "The tough truth is, bedbug  infestations are difficult to control, and no one treatment or technique has  been found to be effective in all cases. Be wary of any brand that claims to be  a silver bullet."
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Zakharchenko stumps for votes in DonetskOctober 23, 2014 3:47 pm
Donetsk People’s Republic campaign reveals shambolic tendencies
Courtney Weaver in Ilovaisk
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5c07e26c-59f4-11e4-9787-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

America Pays More For Internet  Gets Slower Speeds  Than Other CountriesAmerica Pays More For Internet, Gets Slower Speeds, Than Other Countries
Posted:
Updated:
10/31/2014  9:59 am EDT
A technician installs fiber optic cable in Minneapolis, Minnesota on Sept. 11, 2013. The U.S. still has some of the slowest Internet speeds in the world, but small towns want to change that. (Ariana Lindquist/Bloomberg via Getty Images) | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
Americans pay far more and get far less when it comes to the Internet than many other people around the world. But a few small towns might be changing that.
Internet users in Seoul continue to get the speediest connections at the lowest prices anywhere in the world, with speeds of one gigabit per second costing just $30 a month, according to annual report released Thursday the New America Foundation’s Open Technology Institute . By contrast, the best speeds that consumers in Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., or New York can get are half as fast and cost $300 a month.
The report looked at the cost and speed of Internet service in 24 cities in the United States and abroad. Many of the report’s findings -- like the fact that broadband is faster and cheaper in several Asian cities like Seoul, Hong Kong and Tokyo than in American cities -- are similar to findings from previous years.
But new entrants to the U.S. broadband market are starting to close the gap between America and the rest of the world.
For example, Chattanooga, Tennessee, which built the country’s first citywide gigabit-per-second Internet network in 2010, has slashed the price of its ultra-fast service from $300 a month to $70 a month. Google’s new gigabit service, Google Fiber, which is available in Kansas City, also costs $70 a month, the report found.
Gigabit Internet connections are up to 100 times faster than what many Americans receive today. Consumers who can get such service don't have to worry about videos buffering or websites loading. They can share large files in seconds and take advantage of new offerings in online education and health care that require fast access.
Google is looking to expand its gigabit broadband service to several mid-size cities like San Antonio and Portland, but it is not expected to arrive in New York or Washington, D.C., in the near future, according to the Washington Post.
The New America Foundation's report highlights how city-owned networks are becoming more competitive with the offerings from Internet providers around the world. The small number of towns that have built such networks -- like Chattanooga and Lafayette, Louisiana --- ranked higher in the report on speed and price than almost every other city except for those in Asia.
"In general, our research shows that these locally-owned networks tend to deliver better value to their customers when compared on a price-per-megabit basis to competing cable and telecom providers in their own cities," the report said.
Lafayette has cut the cost of its city-owned service from around $1,000 per month to $110 per month in a single year, the report found.
Advocates for municipal broadband say there is not enough competition in the market for major companies to offer faster service at cheaper rates. They argue that local governments should be able to provide their own networks, especially in rural areas where most cable companies won't deliver Internet service because it is not profitable.
But many cities are banned from creating their own Internet service. At least 19 states have passed laws restricting publicly owned broadband networks, according to the Institute for Local Self-Reliance. Supporters of city-owned Internet networks say the laws, and the lawmakers who support them, have been backed by major Internet providers trying to limit competition.
More:

What Tripping On Mushrooms Looks Like In The BrainWhat Tripping On Mushrooms Looks Like In The Brain
Posted:
reddit
We've all heard recreational hallucinogen users describe their trips as "consciousness expanding," and according to some new research, this poetic description may have a scientific basis.
Using fMRI imaging from healthy participants who ingested psilocybin, the active ingredient in hallucinogenic "magic" mushrooms, researchers from Imperial College London found that the drug caused brain regions that are typically disconnected to communicate with each other.
In a normal brain state, there's little cross-linking between different networks. But researchers found that on the psilocybin, the networks begin cross-linking all over the place. And these new connections weren't random. "It not so much that the number of connections are increased but rather that the connectivity pattern is different in the psychedelic state," Paul Expert, the study's lead author, wrote in an email to The Huffington Post.
That corroborates some of the common effects of psilocybin reported by users, such as new insights and realizations, synesthesia and nonlinear thinking.
Expert and colleagues used a new technique for network modeling, which is designed to look at network connectivity across the brain, rather than isolated systems or chemicals. The researchers compared the fMRI scans of the people who had taken psilocybin to fMRI data from 15 healthy individuals who had taken a placebo. Specifically, they were looking at functional connectivity -- the communication between different brain regions that share functional properties.
While a simple reading of the data would suggest that psilocybin is simply relaxing constraints on brain function and improving cognitive flexibility, it's a bit more complicated, Expert says.
"The brain does not simply become a random system after psilocybin injection, but instead retains some organizational features, albeit different from the normal state," Expert and his team wrote in the report. "Functional connections support cycles that are especially stable and are only present in the psychedelic state."
Functional connectivity of a normal brain (left), compared to a brain on psilocybin.
"We find that the psychedelic state is associated with a less constrained and more intercommunicative mode of brain function, which is consistent with descriptions of the nature of consciousness in the psychedelic state," Expert and colleagues conclude.
Previous research on psychedelics from Imperial College London found that people on psilocybin had brain activity patterns more commonly associated with dreaming and heightened emotional functioning. In a Slate article on the finding, researcher Robin Carhart-Harris explained that when the emotion system is activated, the brain's "ego system," from which we get a sense of self, quiets down.
"Evidence from this study, and also preliminary data from an ongoing brain imaging study with LSD, appears to support the principle that the psychedelic state rests on disorganized activity in the ego system permitting disinhibited activity in the emotion system," Carhart-Harris wrote in Slate . "And such an effect may explain why psychedelics have been considered useful facilitators of certain forms of psychotherapy."
Expert's research is part of a larger effort to understand how psychedelics work and what their potential psychiatric applications might be. So far, the growing body of research has made some promising findings. A 2012 study found that psilocybin might be an effective intervention for depressive thinking, while research published earlier this year found LSD psychotherapy to be effective in easing end-of-life anxiety among patients suffering from terminal illness. Research being  conducted on ayahuasca -- a potent hallucinogen, derived from the compound DMT, which has been used as a healing tool in Amazonian shamanism for hundreds of years -- is being studied as a potential treatment for post-traumatic stress disorder , addiction and other conditions.
Expert's research itself could be an important step towards devising psilocybin-assisted therapy for treating chronic depression.
"One of the characteristics of the depressed brain is that it gets stuck in a loop, you get locked into repetitive and negative thoughts," Expert told HuffPost. "An analogy is a particle stuck in a deep minimum in an energy landscape and is stuck there. The idea is that using psilocybin might help break the loop, change the patterns of functional connectivity in the brain, or in the analogy of the particle, give it enough energy so that is can escape from its minimum and explore the rest of the energy landscape."
CORRECTION: An image caption in an earlier version of this story stated that the image on the right was that of a normal brain, but it is the image on the left. We regret the error.
More:

Why originality is overrated when it comes to TV -- and business0
We're a long way from most decisions on what goes to series and what doesn't. Yet reportedly in the pipeline are projects based on the movies "American Gigolo," "Bachelor Party," "Ghost," "Terminator," "Rush Hour," "Monster in Law," "Hitch," "The Truman Show," "The Illusionist," "In Good Company," "Real Genius" and "Minority Report."
Never mind series remakes that might include "In the Heat of the Night," "Bewitched," "The Courtship of Eddie's Father," and "Lost in Space." And then there's Neil Patrick Harris' bid to revive the long-dormant genre of variety show for NBC, using a template from British TV.
"In a perfect world," Harris told Charlie Rose on PBS, "in five years, I'm Ed Sullivan."
But presumably alive and well. Ditto for TV variety.
Fox has been thinking about special projects involving "Grease" and "Big." "Desperate Housewives" creator Marc Cherry is tinkering with a non-musical "Phantom of the Opera." "Frankenstein" is another possibility.
Discussion of an NBC series based on "Say Anything" was snuffed when writer and director Cameron Crowe and film star John Cusack voiced their disapproval. The families of the late John Hughes and John Candy have indicated they would wish the same at ABC for a new "Uncle Buck," which CBS unsuccessfully converted to a TV series in 1990.
"Buck" was one of eight series adapted from movies that hit the air that year, along with "Ferris Bueller," "Adventures of the Black Stallion," "Working Girl," "Swamp Thing," "The Outsiders," "Bagdad Cafe" and "Parenthood," which lasted just three months on NBC despite a young Leonardo DiCaprio in the cast.
A newer "Parenthood," launched in 2010, is one of the best shows on NBC today and stands as proof that just because it's an old or failed idea doesn't make it a bad one. An old property can be made new with the right creative juice. That this iteration is in its final season merely resets the clock for its next potential comeback.
It's one thing to read that Fox is developing a series called "Riverdale," based on the "Archie" comics. It's another to read "Archie" Chief Creative Officer Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa tell comicbookresources.com that: "Something we talk a lot about is: Imagine if Riverdale were like 'Twin Peaks,' and was a really weird small town."
Oh, yeah. Look for a "Twin Peaks" revival in 2016 on Showtime.
This sort of thing is practically built into TV's DNA. The invaluable pre-Internet reference guide of Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh, "The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows," tracks the practice all the way back to 1949, when three shows had movie ties. Between 1964 and '65, alone, a dozen prime-time series based on feature films made their debut — including "Flipper," "Peyton Place" and "Gidget" — and there were only three networks then.
So not even this re-tread thing is new or original.
Steve Jobs could talk about how people didn't know what they wanted until he gave it to them. But just as surely as not everyone is Steve Jobs, that doesn't always work.
We're ineffably drawn to brands and products to which we've grown accustomed and comfortable. We may find we don't like them the way we once did, but that's another matter.
If we get bored watching TV, we can always go to the supermarket and count the number of different Oreos products.

China Slowdown to Bruise Global EconomyThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Company Recalls US Fire Trucks; Wheel Can Fall OffThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Women in Business: Karen S. Carter  Global Strategic Marketing Director  Packaging and Specialty Plastics  The Dow Chemical Companyreddit
Karen S. Carter is the Global Marketing Director in the Packaging and Specialty Plastics business. In this role, Carter is a member of the global business team.  Carter is responsible for defining and implementing the global strategy for all engagements down the packaging value chain. She leads a team that engages brand owners, retailers, universities, equipment manufacturers, design institutes, and industry associations to develop business opportunities and deliver solutions for sustainable packaging.
Before assuming her current responsibilities Karen was the General Manager for Building & Construction, Asia Pacific & India.  Carter's responsibilities included developing and driving the business strategy and managing profit and loss for the business group in that region.
Carter joined Dow more than 20 years ago and has worked in a variety of other positions, including but not limited to product director for North American Gas Phase Polyethylene, product director for North American Engineering Thermoplastics, account manager for Fabricated Products, and global marketing manager and regional sales manager for Information Technology Equipment and Consumer Electronics (ITE/CE).
Carter was also involved in developing Dow's Global Diversity Expertise Center and has been published in the Journal of the American Health Information Management Association.  She is a previous member of the Dow Kakoh Kabushiki Kaisha board of directors, a joint venture between Sumitomo Chemical Company, Limited and The Dow Chemical Company and is a current member of the Adoption Option, Inc. board of directors.
Carter has a bachelor's degree in marketing from Howard University and a master's degree in international business from DePaul University.  She has also completed various executive training programs including the Young Executive's Institute at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, Strategic Leadership Program at China Europe International Business School (CEIBS), and the International Program at Thunderbird.
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?
Every experience in my life, whether it was good or bad, has helped to shape the individual and professional that I am today. My two sisters and I were raised by a single mother. To watch her do it all on her own with courage, strength and determination gave me a unique perspective growing up, which contributes greatly to the leader I am today. One of her biggest lessons was that you do not get rewarded for what you can do, but rather when you do something extraordinary. She always wanted us to strive for more and instilled in me the expectation that I could do and be anything I wanted. This gave me the tenacity to overcome any gender or racial challenges I faced to get to where I am today. Something my mother practiced that I have brought with me to every job I've had is to create a "collective wisdom" - which is to surround yourself with others who fill the gaps and strengthen your weaknesses. I seek coaches or mentors who are better at the things that I want to improve upon, no matter their age or level - because expertise and excellence exist in many places. In return, I am passionate about "paying it forward" to others with the knowledge I have learned.
My experiences growing up are the filter through which I lead my life and my work and I wouldn't trade any of those experiences for anything. I hope that how I conduct myself in business is reflective of the values that my mother instilled in me - excellence, integrity and compassion.
How has your previous employment experience aided your position at Dow?
I started working when I was 14 years old as a cashier in a local drugstore. I immediately felt a connection with wanting to succeed and enjoyed doing the things that my job required. In high school, I worked as a receptionist at IBM in a work study program which was a defining role. I became intrigued by the corporate world - the dress code, the way people conducted themselves, the responsibility, basically everything it entailed - this inspired me to want to become part of this world someday. Each small lesson I learned during these experiences has helped to shape who I am today with Dow.
I started at Dow as a college intern because I needed money for my tuition at Howard University and the jobs I had at the time were not providing enough support. Interning at Dow was one of the best decisions I have made and I have thoroughly enjoyed learning and growing during my 20-year career at Dow.
What have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure at Dow?
The main highlight of my career is witnessing and enabling the success of my team. It's a great feeling for me to see people I work with move closer to their definition of success- whether that is moving to other countries, getting a promotion or simply helping them to clarify how they define their personal definition of success. I'm fortunate to work for a Company that gives me the opportunity to help people inside of Dow and in the greater community.
One of my greatest highlights professionally, and personally, was when I lived and worked in Shanghai, China. I had the opportunity to not only better understand my role as a global citizen, but to also help drive the business and financial earnings. I am so grateful for this experience to develop both professionally and personally, travelling all over Asia and India, engaging with amazing people and learning every day. It was a pivotal time for me personally and professionally because I took on a new role, worked in a new business and was immersed in a new culture and geography all at once. The experience was amazing and it allowed me to expand my views and stretch in ways I thought were unimaginable.
I don't view challenges with a negative connotation. I have accepted every challenging role as an opportunity to push my limits, personally grow and make a difference for Dow. The most challenging role for me with Dow was the opportunity I was presented with upon my return from Shanghai. My new role was all about driving change management in a business that had been successful for many years. I was charged with creating new, innovative ways to go to market and deliver new business growth. It's easy to change something when the system is failing, but it becomes more challenging when it is already successful. It's only been successful because of the outstanding team members that work in this space, the commitment of the business leaders and the experts with whom we have collaborated.
What advice can you offer women who are looking for a career in marketing?
Firstly, it's important to be clear about your professional priorities - particularly knowing what you want and where you want to be.  Once you understand these things you can build a plan to get there. Marketing is fundamental to the success of any enterprise and true marketing experts make a financial impact on a company's bottom-line.  To be a marketing professional, it is important to build your capabilities through education and experience to differentiate your skill sets and create a work ethic that is unparalleled. It is also important to follow the evolution of the industry. "Marketing" can mean different things in different industries and while the 4Ps (product, price, place and promotion) don't fundamentally change, industries are constantly evolving to create new ways to reach constituents. It is important to keep up with the latest trends and technologies to sustain your relevance in this evolving field.
How do you maintain a work/life balance?
For me it is about work life choices vs. balance. We all have 24-hours in a day and we have to choose what we do to fill that time. When we make a commitment to one activity over another we are prioritizing what is most important to us at that particular time. It isn't about feeling like I have it all - it is about owning my decisions and the subsequent consequences. I am fortunate enough to be married to an amazing man who enables me to focus a significant amount of time on work, but there are also family times and events that deserve my undivided attention that are non-negotiable. At times the balance tips towards work and others towards family, but I take full ownership of which way the scale tips.
Earlier this year I publically committed to not sending e-mails to my team on weekends, holidays and vacations unless it was urgent. When I am with my family or on vacation I work hard to be completely focused (as I am when I'm at work), and this provides me with a revitalization and refreshment that is critical to sustained performance. The action of disconnecting and leaving my team in charge in my absence shows them that I trust them. This in turn, has elevated my team's exposure and positioned them for more leadership opportunities. It's win-win solution for all.
What do you think is the biggest issue for women in the workplace?
Gender inequality of pay.  Huffington Post recently published an article that indicated women won't make as much money as men for at least another 75 years - and that is simply too long to wait.  We have many women who are the sole providers of their households, either by choice or by consequence. When women are fairly and appropriately compensated it has a direct impact on families, communities and societies around the world. In the end, fighting for gender equality of pay is the RIGHT thing to do, we owe it to our daughters and granddaughters and to ourselves.
How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?
Mentorship has made a significant difference if not "the" difference in my career. And it has been a contributing factor to my current success at Dow.  A number of people have been gracious enough to teach, share and even advocate on my behalf by opening doors and removing barriers.  From a personal perspective, I am fortunate to have had a number of people "stand in the gap" for me by coaching and helping ensure I met my potential.  It has absolutely taken a village in my case.  And when you have had as many mentors as I have, I believe it is a small price to pay - by "paying it forward" to others and sharing what I have learned as knowledge sharing can truly help someone else while also impacting individual and corporate objectives.
Which other female leaders do you admire and why?
Ursula Burns - 1st African-American female CEO of a Fortune 500 Company Xerox and one of Forbes' World's 100 Most Powerful Women. She was raised by a single mom, so I feel a similarity to her and admire where she has been and what she's achieved. I had the pleasure of meeting her last year at Dow and appreciated her transparency and self-awareness.
Hillary Rodham Clinton - Former United States Secretary of State, U.S. Senator and First Lady of the United States. Regardless of your political affiliation, you can't argue that she has persevered through adversity and has played a key role in policy.
Indra Nooyi - Chairperson and CEO of the second largest food and beverage company, PepsiCo. She is a highly educated, naturalized American who is recognized as one of Forbes' World's 100 Most Powerful Women, and she also made Forbes' World's Most Powerful Moms list.
Most importantly, Karen Cayce - My Mom. My mom is the woman I strive to be most like, simply because she played the deck of life she was dealt with high integrity, optimism and grace.
Follow Laura Dunn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lauraemilyd
More:

Asia Stocks Muted After China Factory Growth EasesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Robert Vadra land deal row: Haryana CM reactsNarendra Modi favourite to win 'Time Person of the Year' poll
On a day when media reported that Robert Vadra got a Rs 44-crore windfall gain in Haryana land deal, Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar said law will take its own course in the matter.
“Law will take its own course,” he said when asked by reporters here to comment on the land deals involving the company of Congress President Sonia Gandhi’s businessman son-in-law.
Asked about other alleged land scams during the previous Congress government in the state, Khattar maintained that the law will take its own course.
A draft CAG report is believed to have found that Vadra had reaped nearly Rs 44 crore in windfall gains in land deals in Haryana during the Bhupinder Singh Hooda regime.
The report also said the Haryana government did not insist on recovering over Rs 40 crore of the profit he made by selling the land to DLF Universal.
Khattar was speaking to reporters after his Minister, Bikram Singh Yadav, assumed charge at the Haryana Civil Secretariat here.
Asked to comment on Vadra reportedly losing his cool and pushing the microphone of a reporter in Delhi when questioned about land deals involving his company, Haryana’s Health Minister Anil Vij told reporters in Ambala that “one only reacts in such a manner and shows anger when one has something to hide”.
Vij said the media was just doing its job as it is its responsibility to ask questions and dig out facts.
He said the way Vadra reportedly behaved showed he has “little respect for the media”.
BJP had alleged irregularities in the land deals involving Vadra and had raked up the issue during campaign in the 2014 Lok Sabha and before last month’s Assembly polls to attack Congress.
Replying to questions, Khattar said the BJP government will strive to give a clean and transparent administration to the people, besides curbing corruption with “an iron hand”.
After taking oath on October 26, Vij and another state minister Capt Abhimanyu had said the new regime will order a thorough probe into the alleged land scams and spare none even if it was Vadra or Hooda.
TAGS: Robert Vadra Robert Vadra Land Deal
More from miscellaneous
Will not allow BJP to gain foothold in TN: CPI CPI's Tamil Nadu unit today said it will not allow Bharatiya Janata Party to exploit the issue of the recent release of five Tamil Nadu fishermen...

Smart city or ghostcityMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
IT’S THE world’s first purpose-built smart city and the largest private real estate development in the world. It’s called Songdo and it is located 40 miles outside South Korea’s capital Seoul. Those who participated in the recent Asian Games in Incheon may have some connection to Songdo. The official name of the smart city is Songdo Business District and it is built on land reclaimed from the sea on the Incheon waterfront. There has been much global interest in Songdo since Seoul itself is already one of the most hi-tech cities in the world, but Songdo is unique, being built as an integrated hi-tech and green city.
Songdo is described as a ‘global business hub’ with a variety of residential and retail developments. But at a cost of over $40 billion, questions are being asked about its viability and whether it can ever fulfill its conceptual ambitions. It sits on 1,500 acres of land and was designed and conceived as part of former president Lee Myung-bak’s drive to promote low-carbon and sustainable growth as the principal avenue for development in South Korea.
That aspect may be achievable since 40% of the area is dedicated to parks and outdoor spaces, including a central park based on the one in New York. Seoul may boast advanced technology in its infrastructure—it is the world’s most well-connected city for the Internet—but it is densely populated with few open-air areas for residents. Songdo offers urban dwellers something they do not have access to: green space for leisure. The district has been heavily promoting its 16 miles of bicycle lanes, its central park and its waterways, again based on Venice’s iconic canals. The district also boasts state-of-the-art urban infrastructure and is the first in Korea to receive Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) accreditation. This means the entire development adheres to the strictest environmental standards for energy consumption and waste.
There is also the hi-tech Northeast Asia Trade Tower, Korea’s tallest building. Indeed, because the district was built from scratch, it has given developers the opportunity to invest in technologies that have yet to debut in conventional cities, like Songdo’s smart rubbish disposal system, futuristic hardware that spans the whole complex. No rubbish trucks will be seen on the tree-lined streets of Songdo. Instead all household and office waste is sucked through a network of underground tubes to vast sorting facilities, where it is processed and treated. Eventually, it will be converted into energy.
It is still a work in progress, but signs of a smart city are clearly visible. The city’s infrastructure contains sensors that monitor and regulate everything from temperature to energy consumption and traffic.
Essentially, the city can interact with residents on a one-to-one basis. These sensors can—in theory—alert you, personally, when your bus is due. Or let the local authority know about any problems via a Skype-like video system. A lot of these innovations are designed with the environment in mind—charging stations for electric cars and a water-recycling system that prevents drinking water being misused. Because it was designed from scratch, Songdo is completely geared towards sustainability. So water pipes are designed to stop clean water—suitable for human consumption—being used in showers and toilets, and all of the district’s water goes through a sophisticated recycling system.
For South Korea, Songdo is more than a hi-tech business district, but a template for future developments. It is the prototype for the green investment the government wants to build the economy on in the future. It is designed to appeal to foreign investors, but its manicured gardens and glassy towers also give it an unmistakable air of luxury.
This is the aspirational South Korea where your mobile phone controls the temperature in your apartment and allows you to monitor any security cameras. The city has been planned around a central park and designed so that every resident can walk or cycle to work in the business district. All that sounds great, but there is one key element still missing: people. Since its official debut in 2009, the district remains under-populated: less than 20% of the commercial space in the district has been occupied.
All the incentives are there. It is very well-connected, close to Incheon International Airport as well as Seoul and has commercial spaces equipped with advanced technology. Companies will have access to tax reductions, estate support and subsidies. No property tax will be levied for 10 years, followed by three years where businesses need only pay 50% of taxes due. Small- and medium-sized companies will qualify for rent reduction and employees of companies with over 30% international investment will be able to claim a variety of perks.
So far, Songdo has mainly been attracting families and young couples from Seoul looking for greener surroundings and a less stressful life, but without surrendering all the hi-tech facilities they are used to. Smart cities are the way of the future and Songdo has all the elements in place, but right now, it resembles a ghost town with most of its smart technology being under utilised.
More from markets
FPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore Overseas investors have pumped in a staggering amount of over Rs 1 lakh crore into the Indian stock market since the beginning of the year...

Manufacturing Surveys Weigh on World MarketsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Man parks plane at pub in AustraliaMan parks plane at pub in Australia
PTI
Tweet
Melbourne, Nov 3:  
An Australian man has been charged by police after driving a light plane down the street and parking it at a pub so he could get a drink.
Residents of Newman, Western Australia, were surprised to see a plane parked outside the Purple Pub after its owner apparently taxied it down the main street so he could get a drink.
Police have charged the 37-year-old plane’s owner with an act likely to endanger the life, health or safety of a person, ‘abc.net.au’ reported.
“When we arrived we found a Beechcraft two seater prop-driven plane parked in one of the bays. There was no-one there. The wings were off the plane,” said Newman police Sergeant Mark Garner.
The incident was being treated very seriously because there were children walking home from school at the time, he said. He said police had CCTV footage and had spoken to the plane’s owner.
He said the fact that the plane did not have a steering wheel made the situation very dangerous, and the propeller could also have caused significant damage.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Euro falls further after data revisionUS dollar surges after strong data
Michael Hunter in London and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d44c9b0-6308-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nissan  Honda US October sales rise on cross...You are here: Home > Collections
Nissan, Honda US October sales rise on crossovers
AP Nov 3, 2014, 06.40PM IST
Tags:
Honda CR-V
(Major automakers in the…)
DETROIT: Chrysler, Nissan and Honda all reported US sales gains last month as falling gas prices and an improving economy boosted sales of pickup trucks and SUVs.
Chrysler said its US sales rose 22 per cent to 170,480 for its best October since 2001, while both Nissan and Honda posted their best October ever. Nissan sales were up 13 per cent over a year ago, while Honda's rose nearly 6 per cent.
The early reports Monday were a strong sign that the auto sales boom would continue at pre-recession levels through the rest of the year. Industry analysts are expecting a 6 per cent sales gain after automakers report their US numbers on Monday.
Nissan said low gas prices and high consumer confidence pushed up sales across most of its model lineup.
``We expect that these factors will continue to boost auto sales for the last two months of 2014.'' said Fred Diaz, Nissan's US sales and marketing chief.
The Japanese automaker said its Nissan and Infiniti brands sold just over 103,000 cars and trucks last month. Nissan sales rose almost 15 per cent while the Infiniti luxury brand was down 1 per cent. Nissan was led by the Rogue small crossover SUV, with sales up almost 14 per cent.
At Chrysler, the red-hot Jeep brand led the way with a 52 per cent increase over a year ago. The company sold nearly 16,000 Cherokees as the small SUV again unseated the Grand Cherokee as the brand's top seller. Ram pickup sales continued to be strong, up 33 per cent for the month.
Honda said its sales rose to 121,172. Honda brand sales were up 5.5 per cent, while luxury Acura brand sales rose 8 per cent on thanks to demand for the new TLX sedan.
Sales of Honda's best-seller, the CR-V small crossover SUV, jumped 30 per cent to 29,257, while sales of the recently redesigned Fit subcompact were up 83 per cent. But sales of the Civic small car dropped 12 per cent as buyers generally sought bigger cars and crossovers. Accord midsize car sales were up 8 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NASA releases over 60 space audio recordings...NASA releases over 60 space audio recordings online
By PTI | 3 Nov, 2014, 06.21PM IST
NASA offers 63 sounds so far. 'A Giant Leap' Neil Armstrong's most famous words when his foot touched the surface of the Moon.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: NASA has released over 60 space audio recordings including sounds of shuttle launching, Saturn's rings, Neptune, Jupiter, Uranus and famous quotes from astronauts for anyone to hear online.
After decades of collecting celestial sounds - from rocket launches and astronaut dialogue to alien lightning and interstellar plasma - NASA recently set up a SoundCloud account, letting it stream the audio clips for anyone to hear.
NASA offers 63 sounds so far. 'A Giant Leap' Neil Armstrong's most famous words when his foot touched the surface of the Moon was the first SoundCloud clip that NASA posted online , 'mother nature network' reported.
'Earthsong' also called 'Chorus' is NASA's most popular feed. It is the noise produced by an electromagnetic phenomenon caused by plasma waves in Earth's radiation belts, which loom at least 8,000 miles (12,874 km) above the surface.
NASA made this recording in 2012 with its EMFISIS probe. Another audio NASA uploaded is 'Saturn Radio'. Saturn is home to dramatic auroras that are a lot like the northern and southern lights that dance around the Earth's poles when solar wind hits the upper atmosphere.
These lights are closely related to the planet's strong radio emissions, first detected by the Cassini spacecraft in 2002.
Another clip 'The Sounds of Interstellar Space' represents data that was recorded outside the heliosphere in 2012 and 2013 by NASA's Voyager 1.
'Lift Off' are the sounds of the first manned-mission to the Moon, Apollo 11. The clip includes lift off, as well as the applause in the space center.

http://usat.ly/1wrBV67SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Your grandmother has probably beaten your mutual fund this year, assuming your grandmother invests in municipal bonds. Munis, normally reserved for the conservative and tax-averse investor, have gained 8.32%, vs. 6.86% for the Dow Jones industrial average.
Despite the end of quantitative easing, the Federal Reserve’s bond-buying program, demand for Treasuries remains brisk: Investors submitted bids for $5.54 trillion in Treasuries this year , three times the amount sold.
AFP/Getty
Last bond item, honest: Apple plans to issue more bonds , probably so it can buy back more stock without repatriating its taxable overseas tax hoard.

http://usat.ly/1qm7RCYFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Covance shares soar on $6.1B LabCorp deal
LabCorp will pay about $6.1B in cash and stock to buy Covance to improve its drug research arm.
Post to Facebook
Covance shares soar on $6.1B LabCorp deal LabCorp will pay about $6.1B in cash and stock to buy Covance to improve its drug research arm. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1x0AUAZ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Covance shares soar on $6.1B LabCorp deal
Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY 4:39 p.m. EST November 3, 2014
Undated company photo shows Covance CEO Joseph Herring.
(Photo: Peter Olson, None)
368 CONNECT 73 TWEET 424 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
Medical testing firm LabCorp ( LH ) plans to pay roughly $6.1 billion in cash and stock to buy medical research firm Covance ( CVD ) in a transaction aimed at creating a healthcare diagnostics giant, the companies said Monday.
The deal marks the latest in a series of healthcare industry transactions designed to help companies capture increased market share in the services they offer.
Covance shares soared nearly 25.9%, closing at $100.57 in Monday afternoon trading. LabCorp shares, meanwhile, closed down nearly 7.4% at $101.23.
Burlington, N.C.-based LabCorp said it would pay $105.12 for each share of Princeton, N.J.-headquartered Covance. That represents a 32% premium to Covance's closing price on Friday.
Approved by the boards of both companies, the deal would pay Covance shareholders $75.76 in cash and 0.2686 LabCorp shares for each Covance share they currently own. That would give Covance investors roughly 15.5% ownership of the new firm.
LabCorp, officially known as Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings, said the new company that emerges from the transaction would improve patient recruitment for trials, make research more efficient and deliver drug data faster. LabCorp provides medical testing services through a network of laboratories. Covance provides drug development services with a focus on nutritional analysis.
The new company will be based in Burlington. LabCorp's new Covance division will have its operating headquarters in Princeton and continue to do business under the Covance brand.
LabCorp Chairman and CEO David King will hold both those posts in the new company, and Glenn Eisenberg, LabCorp's chief financial officer, will keep that title. Covance Chairman and CEO Joseph Herring will lead LabCorp's Covance division and report to King.
The deal is expected to close in the first quarter of 2015, subject to a vote by Covance shareholders and regulatory approvals.
"This transaction provides LabCorp with immediate scale and a comprehensive market-leading platform in the $141 billion biopharmaceutical research and development market, while at the same time achieving the new sources of revenue, broader payor mix and greater international presence we have long pursued," said King.
Herring said the combined companies would have significant growth opportunity.
"Covance generates more safety and efficacy data for the approval of innovative medicines than any other company in the world, and LabCorp has longitudinal diagnostic data from more than 75 million patients," said Herring. "This combination leads the way to more cost-effective healthcare by improving the safety and efficacy of drug therapies, enabling accurate patient diagnostics and advancing evidence-based medicines which will enable our clients to substantiate the value of their products and services to patients and payors."
The deal was announced as Covance also said Monday that it earned $66 million in its third quarter. Adjusted earnings were 98 cents per share, matching the projections of financial analysts surveyed by Thomson Financial Network.
Contributing: Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1x0AUAZ
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Chrysler U.S. sales up 22 percent on pickup truck demandU.S. October auto sales best in several years, GM misses
By Bernie Woodall and Ben Klayman, Reuters
Auto sales rise 6% from October 2013, fueled by SUV and crossover sales.
Up 6 percent from last year, increased October auto sales forecasts an increase in consumer spending.
DETROIT (Reuters) - Automakers reported their strongest U.S. October sales in years on Monday, but top-seller General Motors Co missed expectations.
Monthly U.S. sales of the six largest automakers as measured in U.S. market share rose 6 percent from a year ago, matching analysts' expectations.
Declining gasoline prices helped boost demand for SUVs and crossovers. Ford Motor Co said utility vehicles and trucks accounted for 72 percent of its sales, up from 68.5 percent a year ago.
Seven of the top 10 most reliable automakers are Asian. Only Buick cracked the top 10. ( David Undercoffler )
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles' U.S. October sales rose 22 percent on strong pickup truck and Jeep SUV demand, beating analysts' expectations.
While Ford sales fell 2 percent to 188,654 vehicles, the result beat analysts' expectations by nearly 6,000 vehicles, according to a Reuters poll.
The lower monthly sales by Ford were expected because the company has lowered production of the F-150 pickup in recent months during the transition to an aluminum-bodied model, which goes on sale later this year.
A poll by Thomson Reuters of 29 economists forecast a seasonally adjusted annualized sales rate of 16.5 million vehicles. RBC Capital Markets at midday said October sales will be about 16.4 million on an annualized basis.
Each month, auto sales are an early snapshot of U.S. consumer spending.
"The U.S. economy has steadily improved all year and now we are poised for a stronger expansion backed by an improved job market, higher consumer confidence and lower fuel prices," said Kurt McNeil, GM's U.S. sales chief.
GM's is well-laden with truck inventory which bodes well in the lucrative pickup truck market in the last quarter, when truck sales traditionally rise, said John Krafcik, president of TrueCar.
And GM's average selling price for its vehicles related to incentives that cut costs to consumers is the highest among the three major domestic automakers, which will help the company's bottom line, Krafcik said.
Toyota Motor Corp sales rose 7 percent to 180,580, matching analysts' expectations.
Nissan Motor Co and Honda Motor Co each reported robust sales of crossover models and record October U.S. sales for their core brands. Nissan beat analysts' expectations but Honda missed estimates.
GM sales were 0.2 percent above results from October 2013, at 226,819 vehicles, but missed estimates of analysts by more than 5,000 vehicles. GM said it is taking steps to boost profit at the cost of total sales by lowering fleet sales of large SUVs.
Chrysler's Ram pickup truck sales rose 33 percent. Sales of GM's pickup trucks, including the Chevrolet Silverado and the GMC Sierra, gained 16 percent, to 68,530.
Ford's F-Series sales slipped 0.6 percent in October to 63,410. It was a rare beat by GM's pickup trucks over Ford's F-Series.
Chrysler's sales of 170,480 beat expectations by about 4,000 vehicles.
(Editing by Lisa Von Ahn, Jeffrey Benkoe and Matthew Lewis)

Steel Strips Wheels announces sales figures for October 2014Steel Strips Wheels announces sales figures for October 2014
Full year loan growth target stands at 15-16%: BoIFull year loan growth target stands at 15-16%: BoI
Death toll in Pak suicide attack at Wagah ri...Death toll in Pakistan suicide attack at Wagah Border rises to 61
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 06.16PM IST
Tags:
Al-Qaeda
(10 women, 8 children & 3 security…)
LAHORE: The death toll in the horrific suicide attack that shook Pakistan minutes after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah climbed to 61 today, even as security agencies arrested about 20 suspects from the Indo-Pak border area.
Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among the 61 people who have died in the attack that took place yesterday when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah.
Over 100 people were injured in the incident and are being treated in different Lahore's hospitals where emergency has been declared.
The blast took place when a large number of people were returning after attending the flag lowering ceremony at the main Indo-Pak land border crossing, which is heavily guarded by the Punjab Rangers.
A young suicide-bomber blew himself up near the main exit gate of Parade Avenue at 6.03 pm (local time), causing colossal devastation.
"The death toll of the devastating suicide attack at Wagah border has risen to 61. The condition of some injured is still critical and the doctors are battling to save their lives," Punjab Emergency Services Rescue spokesman Jam Sajjad told PTI.
About 43 bodies have been handed over to the families while the remaining are yet to be recognised, Sajjad said.
"We have sought the help of the National Registration Database Authority (Nadra) for recognition of 18 bodies," he said.
The law enforcement agencies have launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah and taken about 20 suspects into custody, Lahore police spokesman Niyab Haider Naqvi said.
"A joint investigation team of police, rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and rangers along with police will provide security to Muharram processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday's attack," he said. Punjab Interior Minister Col (Retd) Shujah Khanzada said the target of the suicide bomber was the venue of the flag hoisting ceremony.
"The suicide-bomber wanted to reach the Parade Avenue to cause maximum devastation but he blew himself up near the entrance of the main gate after failing to reach the Parade Avenue," he said.
At least three militant factions have claimed the grizzly bombing. Al-Qaeda affiliated militant group Jundullah, a splinter group of the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), was first to claim responsibility of the attack.
Shortly afterwards Jamaat-ul-Ahrar said its bomber Hafiz Hanifullah carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maruti unveils new Alto K10 at a price of Rs...Maruti launches new Alto K10 at a starting price of Rs 3.06 lakh
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 3 Nov, 2014, 02.37PM IST
The new Alto K10 sports a completely new look. The interiors of the new K10 have seen a dramatic transformation as well. The dashboard is all new.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Maruti Suzuki India, country's largest carmaker on Monday launched a new version of its Alto K10 hatchback. The new Alto K10 has been priced between Rs 3.06 lakh to Rs 3.82 lakh.
The new version of the hatchback will come in six versions; Rs 3.06 lakh for LX, Rs 3.22 lakh for LXi, Rs 3.38 lakh for VXi, Rs 3.57 lakh for VXi (O), Rs 3.8 lakh for VXi Automatic and Rs 3.82 lakh for LXi CNG.
"The new Alto K10 sports a completely new look. It still shares it doors and roof with the 800 version but the rest of the panels - the bonnet, the front fenders, the tail gate and even the bumpers are unique to the K10. It has larger, more contemporary looking head lamps; a more aggressive air dam design; and it sits on larger 13 inch wheels," said Zigwheels.com in a review.
"The interiors of the new K10 have seen a dramatic transformation as well. The dashboard is all new. And its dual tone finish, the gloss black centre console and the matte silver highlights almost everywhere like on the steering, the audio buttons, door handles and even the armrest, give it both an airier and richer feel. The design looks appealing too," the review added.
While the petrol version delivers a mileage of 24.07 km per litre, the CNG variant will have a fuel economy of 32.26 km per kg.
"Alto K10 is the third Maruti Suzuki car within few weeks where our suppliers and engineers have improved the fuel efficiency substantially," Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) Managing Director and CEO Kenichi Ayukawa said.
Maruti is positioning the new car as a mass market product equipped with 'futuristic technology' to cater to "very demanding, value for money conscious customers".
It has been developed at a cost of Rs 200 crore on the existing platform of the model by its engineers along with counterparts at parent Suzuki Motor Corp in Japan.
After the Celerio, the Alto K10 will be the second model to be equipped with auto gear shift (ASG) feature.
The new Alto K10 is coming at a time when MSI's sales in the mini segment comprising Alto and WagonR witnessed 1.3 per cent decline in the April-September period this fiscal at 2,01,721 units as against 2,04,335 units in the year-ago period. In September 2014 it stood at 35,547 units as against 41,061 in the same month last year, down 13.4 per cent.
Launched in 2010, the Alto K10 has clocked cumulative sales of 4.3 lakh units in four years. The Alto brand overall, including the Alto 800, has sold 26 lakh units in 14 years since launch.
(With inputs from PTI)

Daredevil Nik Wallenda s crazy  high-wire stuntdaredevil nik wallenda s crazy  high-wire stunt
Stock futures point to slight losses at the openWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Maruti revamps Alto car to counter slow India recoveryMaruti revamps Alto car to counter slow India recovery
Sectoral Deployment of Bank Credit - September 2014Sectoral Deployment of Bank Credit - September 2014
Telangana Irrigation Minister meets Uma BharatiTelangana Irrigation Minister meets Uma Bharati
Intelligence officials avert another dastardly attack; recover huge cache of arms and explosives from WagahIntelligence officials avert another dastardly attack; recover huge cache of arms and explosives from Wagah
GAIL signs MoU with SOCARGAIL signs MoU with SOCAR
Dollar nears 7-year high to yen on US outlookDollar nears 7-year high to yen on US outlook
RICK WILKING / Reutersrick wilking / reuters
Small Business Financing: The Untapped OpportunityYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Small Business Financing: The Untapped Opportunity
Published On:                  October 29, 2014                 | Duration: 22 min, 49 sec
Tweet
SMEs form the backbone of the economy. They account for a large portion of the industrial output and employment. For India to explore its true potential and emerge as an economic superpower, engaging and supporting small businesses has to be at the centre of any government's policies.

Why India Needs to Build a New Financial ArchitectureYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Why India Needs to Build a New Financial Architecture?
Published On:                  October 30, 2014                 | Duration: 22 min, 13 sec
Tweet
Why are the banks so reluctant to lending to the small businesses despite of being in the best position to do so. Small business finance companies can play a much larger role in making sure the credit reaches the small business.

They aren t just suppliers  they re partnersThey aren't just suppliers, they're partners
Supply chain
How to create a supply chain that will never break.
How to create a supply chain that will never break. (anek_s / Getty Images/iStockphoto)
By Scott Leibs, Inc.com
'If you are confident about your growth, choose suppliers who will be optimal for you in the future.'
Arden's Garden had reached a pivotal moment: The Atlanta-based juice company's business was robust enough for it to begin buying fruit in bulk and reaping the advantages of volume discounts. But its move away from local growers came at a price. When the first truckload of oranges arrived from a new supplier on the opposite side of the country, they came in bins stacked three high, and the fruit in the bottom bins was squashed nearly into pulp. CEO Leslie Zinn learned the hard way that any change to your supply-chain strategy can get messy. The company had hired a new shipper to transport the oranges, Zinn says, “and that led to confusion about who was supposed to spell out the packing instructions. It was a costly but very valuable lesson for us.”
0
• Make it a team effort. Chances are, you devote little if any time to thinking strategically about your supply chain. That increases the risk that something will go wrong — and decreases the chance that you will seize on new ways to do things better. An important first step is to, as the experts say, “know your spend.” Calculate the total cost of all your supply-chain activities, from what you order to what you ship. Involve everyone in your company, from purchasing to logistics to IT, ideally before suppliers are chosen. “If you strike a hasty deal with a supplier to satisfy an immediate need,” says Chris Sawchuk, procurement advisory practice leader at the Hackett Group in Boston, “refining or unwinding that relationship can be hard.” Create a team to address supply-chain strategy, because sometimes groupthink can be a good thing. 
• Go up a weight class. Though you may feel comfortable working with suppliers that are about equal in size to your business, it often makes sense to partner with larger companies that will be able to keep up with your needs as you grow. “If you are confident about your growth,” says Mark Haas, COO of gluten-free flour mix maker Cup4Cup and an adviser to food startups, “choose suppliers who will be optimal for you in the future,” even if the cost of using that supplier today is somewhat higher. The last thing you want is to find out you can't meet a big order from a new client because your current supplier is maxed out. Bigger suppliers have a greater breadth of products to offer, and they can often provide useful advice on how to solve some of the supply-chain challenges that come with rapid growth. 
• Work on those relationships. Opinions differ about how best to manage suppliers: Some experts say you should consolidate as much as possible to win volume discounts, while others say there are advantages to spreading your spending among several sources, when possible. Matt Crooks, CEO of Carbi-Tech, a tool-and-die manufacturer in Vandergrift, Pennsylvania, splits the difference; he nurtures relationships with the five metal suppliers his company uses most often, visiting their plants and making time for them when they visit his. “When something goes wrong, having strong ties can get you the extra help you might need,” he says. Ideally, you'll make time not only for your own suppliers but for companies that support them. Creating a supplier map is a great way to visualize the interdependencies your product ultimately relies on.
• Tap into technology. Supply chains are being transformed by new technologies, including RFID (radio frequency identification) systems. As RFID tags become ubiquitous, an era of what Pedro Reyes, associate professor of operations and supply-chain management at Baylor University, calls “smart replenishment” is at hand: As supplies run low, they can be reordered automatically, while back-end systems track delivery times, product quality, and other variables. That data can provide real-time visibility into every aspect of your supply chain, letting you spot problems quickly. Greater use of automation can also allow you to redirect employees' efforts away from routine data-gathering and analysis chores to higher-value work — such as developing those all-important supplier relationships.
 Additional reporting by Alix Stuart and Russ Banham

Percy Harvin and the Three Questions Every Business Leader Must Askreddit
As football fans know, Percy Harvin is a player with tremendous talent for whom the Seattle Seahawks traded multiple high-level draft picks.  On a pure talent level, he is a game-changer.  But on October 17, less than halfway into his second full season with the 'Hawks, he was traded to the lowly Jets for a conditional mid-level draft pick.
His sudden exit raises three key leadership questions for executives of all stripes.
What Game Are You Playing?
Great coaches do more than make locker room speeches.  Masters of their game - men and women like Tony Dungy, Pat Summitt and Phil Jackson - have built their legacies by articulating a winning system.  More than just fielding a football or basketball team, they defined what kind of game they were going to take to their opponents.
CEOs face this same challenge on a regular basis.  As the CEO of a global chemicals business told us as he and his board were wrestling with two very different strategic options, "It's not just about playing offense or defense, it's deciding if we're playing American or Australian-rules football.  Our future depends on being clear about that."
Every organization, whether athletic or a public company, will be filled with opinions and second guessing on what game the organization should play.  But the role of the leader is to articulate a clear choice (starting in the board room), force a decision for the sake of clarity and then hold the organization accountable to executing upon that decision.
Do You Have a System to Win?
Great leaders - whether in team sports or in business - take the complex and make it simple.  Over his career, in addition to successes, Seahawks Head Coach Pete Carroll has endured failures in the NFL and an embarrassing college scandal.  But he took those experiences, drew his own lessons from them, and created a blueprint for winning that was simple, positive and fun - and that requires player buy-in.  Under Carroll, the Seahawks' winning system emphasizes the whole team, finding the right role for each individual and driving a positive attitude about relentless performance.
Effective leaders are consistently clear with their teams about the program they are building.  Two completely different coaches from college sports today offer stand-out examples.  John Calipari recruits some of the best high school basketball players into his program.  A-list talent, these stars will only stay a year or two before jumping to the NBA.  Yet, Calipari is able to blend that mix of egos, skills and youth into a serious contender year after year.
Coach Shaka Smart at Virginia Commonwealth University doesn't have access to the same level of talent that Calipari does, yet his system utilizes constant defensive pressure, maximizing each player's role in creating havoc for opponents.  Smart creates - and demands - a level of buy-in that has turned VCU from "VC who?" to a nationally relevant program.  Both coaches, with very different sets of players, have been clear and consistent in communicating their system.
But for leaders, a "system to win", while necessary, is not solely sufficient.  Calipari and Smart, Carroll or Jackson: these leaders devote equal thought and weight to the behaviors required to be successful within their specific system.
What Holds You Back?
Within organizations that are clear about the game they are playing and their unique system to win, good leaders clarify which behaviors will drive success.  Ebay, for example, is explicit in stating "our shared behaviors".  As important as reinforcing desired actions, however, the most effective leaders take the extra step of clarifying the behaviors that will undermine their system to win.  What's more, they act when those behaviors crop up.
Percy Harvin, it appears, wasn't ready to fully embrace Carroll's philosophy.  Harvin's numbers were an asset, but Carroll had a system to win and every player or assistant coach in the organization is part of that system.  They are either accelerating it or impeding it.  What does a leader do when behaviors undermine the agreed strategy?
That's a leadership call and a tough one.  Often, business leaders are slow to address behaviors.  "It's easy to become enamored of someone's skill sets even though they are a bit of a cancer," Dermott O'Brien, CHRO of ADP, told us recently.  Effective leaders often use a kind of "stress test" to hold themselves and their teams accountable, by asking the question: what specific behaviors hold us back?
To be clear, in athletics just as in business, plenty of organizations fail even to self-administer this test, let alone address it with full candor.  The results of such avoidance (think of Penn State alone) can be devastating.
The Three Questions
Ultimately, history and Seattle's owners will decide whether Pete Carroll's system is the right winning combination for the Seahawks.  Just as a board will hold a CEO accountable to the decisions he or she has made.  As former ABC and Disney executive Bruce Gordon said to us last year about senior-level roles, "You don't own these jobs, you rent them."
There is no single approach to winning.  But great leaders in nearly any complex organization today can cut a path through the fog of possibilities by driving clarity around three questions:
·      What game are we playing?
·      Are we clear on our system to win?
·      What are we doing about the behaviors that hold us back?
Organizations whose leaders address these questions - and whose teams can not only tackle the subjects but also hold themselves accountable to their answers - are the organizations delivering performance that sustains over time.
- Co-authored by Harry Feuerstein of Merryck & Co
Follow David Reimer on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DavidReimer
More:

Study Shows More Choice  Spending For Online Contentreddit
It is no secret that great change is afoot in markets for digital content; inescapable headlines drive that fact home.  The changes have dramatically altered the landscape for content creation, but as a recent study commissioned by my association reflects, these monumental shifts have largely benefited consumers, and the economy.  While a few obsolete gatekeepers might bemoan the changes, claiming the sky is falling, in reality, it is exactly the opposite.
Online video is a whirlwind of new developments, with longtime cable incumbents like HBO and ESPN , and even broadcaster CBS, announcing their own over-the-top video services, even as YouTube reports paying out $1 billion to rights-holders.  Indeed, young YouTube celebrities are crowding the Hollywood regulars off of magazine covers .
The story is similar with respect to books.  Publishers are attempting to cut out vendors like Amazon and Barnes & Noble by selling direct to consumers via their own websites, and many self-publishing authors are making as much or more than those going through the traditional publishing routes.  And so it is in other content sectors as well -- the quantity, availability, and consumption of music and video games, for example, are at or near all time highs.
The means of developing content and the facilities for distributing it have become democratized.  New technology and the Internet allow creators of all sorts to bypass traditional gatekeepers and reach audiences of unprecedented size.  We are experiencing a creative revolution in content creation and distribution.  A revolution that brings great improvements along with great change is not going to be without its opponents.  The beneficiaries of the old order, whose incumbency is threatened by systemic change, cannot necessarily be expected to place the greater social good over the viability of their business.
Consider that the transportation revolution at the turn of the last century may have been a wonderful development -- unless you were the business that was making the buggy whips that nobody needed anymore.  In that case, the revolution doesn't look so good.
While we should not overlook the plight of the buggy whip maker, we shouldn't accede to efforts to slow down technological progress on his behalf either.  Fierce competition produces winners and losers. In a free market, we need to worry about the consumers, and competition in general, not the competitors.  Individual competitors have to get with it, or get out of the way.  Indeed, a New York Times column observed some years ago that a few innovative tack and harness manufacturers like Studebaker in fact managed to retool to meet the demands of the 20th century.
It will be the same with the digital content revolution.  Some of the old gatekeepers, middlemen, and incumbents will be swept away by the tide of change; others will adapt and innovate, however, and prosper.  In the meantime, creators have more powerful platforms at their disposal, and can reach ever broader audiences with little effort.  At the same time, consumers' options for lawful access to content multiply innumerably.  Even if a few disintermediated incumbents complain loudly that the sky is falling, the data tells us a very different story.
Follow Edward J. Black on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ccianet
More:

Brazils problem is Rousseffs pastBrazil’s big problem is Rousseff’s past
By Misha Glenny
Her political style was formed by her life as a revolutionary leftist, writes Misha Glenny
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/439de4fa-6139-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

It is an article of faith for me  will bring back every penny of black money  says PM Narendra ModiPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 12:25 am
Calling the issue of black money an “article of faith” for him, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Sunday said that as per his understanding and the information available to him, the government was on the “right track” in the matter.
“As far as black money is concerned… please believe this pradhan sevak of yours… it is an article of faith for me. It is my commitment that every penny belonging to the poor of India should come back,” Modi said in his second ‘Mann Ki Baat’ address on All India Radio.
Admitting that there may be a “difference of opinion” on the ways and means to deal with this issue, the PM said this was natural in a democracy but the government was progressing in the right direction.
“Nobody knows, not me, not the government, not you, not the previous government, as to how much money is abroad. Everybody gives his own figure depending on own calculations. Main un aankdon mein ulajhna nahin chahta hoon. Meri pratibadhhta yeh hai — do rupaya hai, paanch rupaya hai, crore hai, arab hai ki kharab hai… jo bhi hai, yeh desh ke garibon ka paisa hai, wapas aana chahiye (I don’t want to get caught in the figures. My commitment is that — whether it is Rs 2, 5, a crore or a billion — whatever it is, it is the money of the country’s poor, and must be brought back),” Modi said.
He assured the people that he would leave no stone unturned in the matter. “I will keep on doing whatever I need to do for you, I assure you of that.”
Inviting suggestions on how to tackle drug abuse among youths, the PM said he would talk about this in his next radio address. “I know that I am touching upon subjects that bring the government under a scanner. But for how long will we keep hiding things? For how long will we keep pushing things behind the curtain? We’ll have to take risks at some point for the sake of good endeavours. I am daring to do so… because of your love,” Modi said.
Stating that no one could have imagined that the Swachhta Abhiyaan would become such a “mass movement”, he said that good results were already visible. He also expressed satisfaction that people from all walks of life who come to meet him — from government officers and sportspersons to cine-stars, businessmen and scientists — talk about taking responsibility for social issues ranging from cleanliness to education to social service to how family life was getting destroyed.
The PM said that he was noticing a big change even among businessmen, who could be expected to talk about their self-interest. Now they were talking more about taking responsibilities to improve society, he said.
Modi showered praise on officers of the Ministry of Human Resource Development for coming up with two “innovative” schemes for specially abled children — a thousand scholarships for them to enable them to pursue technical education, and a grant of Rs 1 lakh each continued…

Showman or businessman for VirginShowmanship and business collide in Virgin’s space venture
John Gapper
As both an entrepreneur and adventurer, Richard Branson must choose which persona dominates
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2efcfa04-6279-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nik Wallenda pleases crowd during tightrope actNik Wallenda successfully completes skyscraper walks
Nik Wallenda successfully completes skyscraper walks
Nik Wallenda put on a show for Chicagoans and out-of-state visitors on Sunday night during his tightrope act.
Nik Wallenda put on a show for Chicagoans and out-of-state visitors on Sunday night during his tightrope act.

Flipkart rejigs top management  hands over more responsibility to Myntra founderYou are here: Home > Collections
Flipkart rejigs top management, hands over more responsibility to Myntra founder Mukesh Bansal
Radhika P Nair & Aditi Shrivastava, ET Bureau Nov 3, 2014, 03.37PM IST
Tags:
Ankit Nagori
(Flipkart co-founders Sachin…)
BANGALORE: Flipkart has rejigged its top management, handing over more responsibility to Mukesh Bansal , the founder of fashion portal Myntra which was acquired by India's largest online retailer earlier this year. The reshuffle will also result in a higher profile for Ankit Nagori , the marketplace head who will also now oversee general merchandise and book-retailing, the business Flipkart began life with.
The moves are part of a larger organisational rehaul, according to two people with direct knowledge of the process.
In one of the first moves Mukesh Bansal, who was so far heading fashion, will also head marketing. His role has also expanded and he will take care of additional categories like computers and consumer electronics. Ankit Nagori, senior vice president in-charge of Flipkart's marketplace operations, will have additional responsibility over books and general merchandise. As reported by ET on October 17, the marketplace team is also being expanded and restructured as the number of merchants on the platform grows.
Kalyan Krishnamurthy , interim chief financial officer at Flipkart for over a year, is going back to Tiger Global. Krishnamurthy, who is director of finance for portfolio companies at Tiger, had taken on the interim CFO role after Karandeep Singh quit as head of finance at the company in January last year.
In an email sent out to employees on Monday founders Sachin Bansal and Binny Bansal wrote that Krishnamurthy will be moving back to Tiger Global and will be transitioning out of his current role, as senior vice president of retail, over the next three weeks. In September Flipkart had hired Tata Communications CFO Sanjay Baweja to be its new finance head.
The email sent out states: "Kalyan came on board full-time in Jan 2013 as our interim CFO. We were facing multiple challenges in business and finance at that time and Kalyan has was (sic) instrumental in fundamentally changing the business trajectory for us with his passion and drive."
The email goes on to detail Mukesh Bansal's and Ankit Nagori's additional responsibilities and the senior managers who will now report into them.
Michael Adnani, vice president of retail and head of strategic alliances, will report into Mukesh Bansal, who is also on the board of Flipkart. Adnani has spearheaded Flipkart's exclusive and successful partnerships with Motorola and Xiaomi. Amitesh Jha, who heads electronics and computers at Flipkart, will also report into Mukesh Bansal.
In a related development, Ravi Vora, who was handling marketing, will now take care of development of new in-house brands. "While Flipkart has digital brands like Digiflip, no major marketing initiative has been done around them," said a person with direct knowledge of the development. "The idea is to create new brands especially in the consumer durables space and focus on making large brands out of them."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Are Tax Free Bonds A Good InvestmentAre Tax Free Bonds A Good Investment
LabCorp to Spend $6.1 Billion on CovanceThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Publicis to buy digital ad specialist Sapient for $3.7 bnSebi can withhold info on probe against Reliance Industries: CIC
Publicis, the world’s third-largest advertising agency, has agreed to buy digital ad specialist Sapient for $3.7 billion in cash as it seeks to accelerate growth after a botched merger earlier this year.
Publicis said on Monday the deal values U.S.-based Sapient at $25.00 per share, which represented a 44 percent premium to Friday’s close. It will be financed through existing cash and new debt and will not affect Publicis’ credit rating.
For Publicis Chief Executive Maurice Levy, the deal is part of a push to revitalise the group at a time when its quarterly top-line growth has lagged rivals WPP and Interpublic among others.
Levy has blamed the poor performance on the hangover from Publicis’ failed “merger of equals” with world number 2 ad agency Omnicom, which was announced in August 2013 and abandoned in May over control and cultural clashes.
Levy is betting that Sapient – which earned 63 percent of 2013 sales in the healthy ad market of North America and has 13,000 employees, 8,500 of which are in India – will help Publicis get back on its feet.
“Publicis and Sapient will be a technology leader to help our clients go digital,” said Levy on a conference call.
“The deal will create a foundation for accelerated growth,” he said, by giving it access to new markets and revenue stream
The deal will speed Publicis’ roughly 7-year-old effort to earn more revenue from so-called digital advertising, which includes everything from online marketing to brand building on social networks and automatic ad buying for major customers.
Last year, 38.4 percent of Publicis’ sales came from digital, and it had been aiming to reach 50 percent by 2018, something that the Sapient deal will make happen immediately.
Sapient counts global corporations, including car maker Fiat, consumer products group Unilever, and retailer Marks & Spencer among its customers.
Charles Bedouelle, analyst at Exane BNP Paribas, said the deal was strategically sound but expensive: “It’s a good asset at a steep price, and will likely push back cash return story by two years.”
Publicis did not say when the Sapient acquisition would add to group profits but expects 50 million euros ($63 million) in annual cost savings from the combination.
Publicis’ management and supervisory boards unanimously backed the deal, as did the board of Sapient, which will recommend shareholders tender their shares. As a result, Sapient will be de-listed from the Nasdaq stock exchange.
Sapient boss Alan Herrick will continue to run the company and is to join Publicis’ management team, while Jerry Greenberg, the co-chairman of Sapient’s board will become a board member of Publicis.
The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of next year. Citigroup has committed to financing the bid.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Rothschild advised Publicis, while Goldman Sachs and Blackstone advised Sapient.
TAGS: Publicis Sapient
More from companies

Bajaj Auto motorcycle sales down 3 per cent in OctoberSebi can withhold info on probe against Reliance Industries: CIC
Bajaj Auto today reported 3.27 per cent decline in motorcycle sales at 3,36,923 units in October 2014.
The company had sold 3,48,323 units in the corresponding month of previous year, Bajaj Auto Ltd (BAL) said in a statement.
BAL said exports were up 14.87 per cent during the month at 1,58,547 units as compared to 1,38,022 units in October 2013.
In the commercial vehicles category, its sales stood at 49,094 units, up 32.68 per cent, against 37,000 units in the same month of the previous year.
The total vehicle sales of the company during last month stood at 3,86,017 units, marginally up by 0.18 per cent, against 3,85,323 units in the same month a year-ago, the statement added.
TAGS: Bajaj Auto Bajaj Auto Sales Bajaj Motorcycles Sales
More from companies

DoT asks Bharti Airtel  Vodafone  Idea Cellular  others to collect  Aadhaar  number for issuing new SIMsSebi can withhold info on probe against Reliance Industries: CIC
Department of Telecom (DoT) has asked all mobile operators including Bharti Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular, Reliance to collect ‘Aadhaar’ number along with customer application form for issuing new connections and store the unique identification number in their database.
The DoT has also asked the operators to amend their database in two months for adding the ‘Aadhaar’ number.
“It has been decided to collect Aadhaar number along with customer application form (CAF) of mobile telephone applications and store the same in the database along with other data,” DoT sources said.
Sources added that the directive will be applicable in all cases irrespective of the fact that mobile connection is issued by taking ‘Aadhaar’ card or any other document as proof of identity and proof of address.
The government is also working with all stakeholders in resolving the issue regarding use of ‘Aadhaar’ card as a proof of address for procuring new SIM cards in its proposed online verification system.
“The issue regarding use of Aadhaar card as proof of address for procuring new SIM cards in its proposed online verification will be in place in next two months,” Department of Electronics and IT (DeitY) Secretary R S Sharma said last week.
The Home Ministry had raised multiple concerns over using UIDAI number as an address proof in the DoT’s proposed online verification system, citing possible issues in the supporting Aadhaar data.
The Home Ministry had raised concerns over supporting documents submitted by people as proof of identity and proof of address for getting a ‘Aadhaar’ number, sources had said.
The DoT is working on a concept to use ‘Aadhaar’ number for online verification of people seeking mobile connections along with existing process of customer verification.
‘Aadhaar’ card can be also issued to foreign nationals staying in the country. This had also been questioned by the Home Ministry fearing nationals of neighbouring country could attempt to use it to procure Indian identity documents for infiltration.
The Home Ministry had said that unlike ‘Aadhaar’, other acceptable proof of address documents such as passport, driving licence do not have the status of universality and therefore “even higher levels of error in these documents may not translate into comparable volume of security concerns”.
The Home Ministry had also raised concern over involvement of foreign vendors by UIDAI for storing data and has suggested audit of data security.
TAGS: Aadhaar Bharti Airtel Guidelines For New SIMs Idea Cellular Issuing New Sims New SIMs Vodafone
More from companies

World Bank to cut 500 jobs globally; create new posts in IndiaTata Steel is buying iron ore for 1st time in its history
World Bank plans to slash 500 jobs in the next three years globally, even as it looks to create up to 300 new positions in India to meet business needs.
The global lender’s decision to trim 500 jobs and cancel about 70 existing open vacancies comes after reviewing its “business strategies” for months.
In an internal memo, World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim said some important strategic decisions have been taken regarding staff working for Institutional, Governance and Administrative units (IG&As).
“After several months of analysis that examined our business direction and priorities in the respective IG&As, we decided on a net reduction of around 250 positions for these units,” Kim said in the memo obtained by PTI.
Even as it embarks on trimming its workforce, World Bank expects to create about 250 to 300 new positions, mostly in Chennai, India.
“At the same time, preliminary estimates show 250 to 300 new positions will need to be created, with a large share in Chennai, to meet business needs,” Kim said in the memo.
The World Bank Group has a significant presence in India.
According to the memo, IG&As expect to reduce around 500 positions over the period FY 2015 to end FY17, through attrition, redeployment, and redundancies.
World Bank’s financial year is from July-June period.
The job cuts would be spread across Finance and Technology, Internal Justice and Oversight, among other areas.
Besides, around 70 positions — that are currently open vacancies — would be cancelled.
“Staffing decisions are always challenging. But we feel confident that the changes we are making will help us better align our staffing to our strategy, which is what our clients want and what we must deliver,” the memo said.
Explaining the rationale behind the move, Kim said these staff decisions based on three principles — clarity, impartiality, and sensitivity.
“For staffing decisions, we must have a business rationale that is clearly articulated; we must ensure there are no favourites, no discrimination, and no retaliation,” he said.
Emphasising the need to ensure that all career transitions are as smooth and considerate as possible, the World Bank chief said a Transition Support Unit has been set up.
“Staffing decisions are always challenging. But we feel confident that the changes we are making will help us better align our staffing to our strategy, which is what our clients want and what we must deliver,” Kim said.
Next steps related to the expenditure review and strategic staffing in operations would be unveiled next week.
TAGS: World Bank World Bank Jobs News
More from industry

Skip Check-in; Latest Hotel Room Key Is Your PhoneThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Ashok Leyland sales climb 23% in October 14Ashok Leyland sales climb 23% in October 14
CCI clears Fujitsu--Panasonic--DBJ joint ventureHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
CCI clears Fujitsu--Panasonic--DBJ joint venture
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Fair trade regulator CCI has approved the proposed joint venture between three Japanese entities —— Fujitsu, Panasonic and Development Bank of Japan —— saying that the deal does not raise anti—competition concerns in India.
Fujitsu and Panasonic have presence in India, while Development Bank of Japan, owned by the government of Japan, does not have any operations here.
As per the deal, the proposed joint venture would “specialise in system large—scale integration design and development of certain logic integrated circuit products“.
An agreement in this regard was inked earlier this year between Fujitsu, Fujitsu Semiconductor Ltd (FSL) and Panasonic. Besides, a financing agreement was also executed between Fujitsu, FSL, Panasonic and Development Bank of Japan.
In an order released today, the Competition Commission of India said that “the proposed combination is not likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India“.
The Commission observed that Fujitsu and its subsidiary, FSL, have had no sales of logic IC products in India in the last two financial years.
“As regards Panasonic, as per the information provided in the notice, the only affiliate that sells semiconductor/logic IC products into India is Panasonic Asia Pacific based in Singapore, which has insignificant sales of semiconductor/ logic IC products in India,” CCI noted.
“It is, therefore, observed that there is no horizontal overlap between the Parties in India. Further, as stated in the notice, there is no vertical relationship between the parties in India,” it added.
Further, CCI also noted that there are various other major players present in the semiconductor and IC product market in the country.
Fujitsu, a global IT company, offers a wide range of products, solutions and services including servers, telecom and network infrastructure products, personal computers, mobile phones.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Mauritius ready to help in SITs black money probeMauritius ready to help in SIT’s black money probe
PTI
Tweet
Port Louis, Nov 3:  
Mauritius, often accused of being a route for round—tripping of funds by Indians, today conveyed to Indian government that it was ready to support its Special Investigation Team (SIT) to unearth black money.
This was conveyed to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj by Minister of Foreign Affairs, Regional Integration and International Trade Arvin Boolell during a meeting here, the External Affairs Ministry spokesperson said.
Boolell conveyed that Mauritius will take measures to ensure it remains “jurisdiction of repute”, he said.
Mauritius used to be the biggest gateway for flow of funds into India through FDI as well as FII routes, but its position has come down amid concerns about this island nation being used for round—tripping of funds.
It recently slipped to the second place after the US in terms of quantum of money being brought in by overseas investors into Indian markets.
According to SEBI, Mauritius accounted for Rs 3.31 lakh crore worth ‘assets under custody’ of foreign institutional investors in the Indian equity and debt markets at the end of 2013, as against over Rs 4.37 lakh crore in case of the US.
Fund flows from Mauritius have fallen amid concerns about suspected money—laundering, even though this Indian Ocean island nation has been consistently denying such allegations.
India has concerns that Mauritius, which is one of the top sources of foreign direct investments into the country, is being used for round—tripping of funds. Round—tripping is usually referred to routing of domestic investments through Mauritius to take advantage of the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (DTAA) between the two countries.
The island nation received requests for information in 97 cases from India during one—year period ended August, 2014.
According to a Mauritius government official, 85 per cent of those requests have been resolved and efforts are on to address concerns of Indian authorities in the remaining ones.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related
India assures Mauritius on bilateral tax treaty
TOPICS

Branson says  no explosion  behind spacecraf...Richard Branson says 'no explosion' behind spacecraft crash
By AFP | 3 Nov, 2014, 06.37PM IST
Richard Branson on Monday hit out against "self-proclaimed experts" asserting an explosion was behind the crash of the company's spacecraft last week.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Richard Branson , the British billionaire founder of Virgin Galactic, on Monday hit out against "self-proclaimed experts" asserting an explosion was behind the crash of the company's spacecraft last week.
Evidence showed there was "no explosion" behind the deadly crash last Friday of SpaceShipTwo, he told a private television channel.
"I've never seen such irresponsible innuendo and damaging innuendo," the tycoon said.
Branson also vowed to "push on" with Virgin's passenger travel space programme once the reasons behind the accident, in which one test pilot died, had been worked out and corrected.
Branson stressed that the US National Transportation Safety Board investigating the crash had found that the spacecraft's fuel tanks and engine found in the Mojave Desert in California were not broken apart.
"The fuel tanks and the engine were intact, showing there was no explosion, despite a lot of self-proclaimed experts saying that was the cause," he said.
Branson said sensationalist press reports about the crash had been "incredibly hurtful" adding that some of the journalists "should hang their heads in shame".
The crash of SpaceShipTwo is a major setback to Branson's ambition to start ferrying wealthy customers to the edge of space, charging $250,000 (200,000 euros) per ticket.
But the serial entrepreneur made clear he was unbowed in his ambition. "We must push on," he said. He adding though: "We will not fly members of the public unless we can fly myself and family members."
"I'm absolutely convinced that Virgin Galactic has a great future once the NTSB has made clear exactly what happened," he said.
The investigation into the crash is ongoing and is not expected to conclude for another year.
However a rocket science safety expert on Sunday toild AFP that Virgin Galactic had ignored multiple warnings about the spacecraft's motor and the fuel used since a 2007 incident in which three engineers were killed testing a rocket on the ground.
"I warned them... that the rocket motor was potentially dangerous," said Carolynne Campbell from the Netherlands-based International Association for the Advancement of Space.

Top cos hire over 200 students at NIIT Unive...Top corporates hire over 200 students at NIIT University
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 06.23PM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Leading companies like…)
NEEMRANA: Leading companies like ICICI Bank , Amazon, IBM, PricewaterhouseCoopers and SAP Labs have hired over 200 students from NIIT University here.
During this year's placement season, students were also offered jobs by KPMG, MakemyTrip, Ibibo Group, PayU India, SMU Singapore, Cognizant, Fortis, Innovaccer, NIIT University (NU) said after the students were given degree certificates.
A total of 236 students were awarded degree certificates for successful completion of various programmes at NU.
"Industry linkage is the first of our four core principles... What we need to recognise is building superior choices for the society. It can't be possible unless we have research at the university," said Rajendra S Pawar , chairman, NIIT and founder NU, while addressing the students at the convocation ceremony.
"...industry aligned and research focused training that they (students) have received at NIIT University will help them carve winning careers," said K Ramkumar, Executive Director, ICICI Bank.
The five-year old university has collaborated with organisations such as ICICI Bank, Microsoft Research, IBM Research, Ruckus Wireless, Alcatel-Lucent, Bell-Labs Research, SASKEN Communication Technologies and Research in Motion.
The university runs industry linked courses such as MTech in geographic information system in collaboration with ESRI and MBA in finance and banking in partnership with ICICI Bank.
NU offers BTech in computer science and engineering, biotechnology and electric and communication engineering, MTech in educational technology, embedded solutions and convergence, computing and communication, MTech in GIS, MBA finance and others.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1qm9GzOFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
London to Brighton Veteran Car Run
Frank Gowing drives his 1903 Stevens-Duryea Stanhope car on Westminster Bridge in front of the Houses of Parliament in London as he takes part in the London to Brighton Veteran Car Run.
Post to Facebook
London to Brighton Veteran Car Run Frank Gowing drives his 1903 Stevens-Duryea Stanhope car on Westminster Bridge in front of the Houses of Parliament in London as he takes part in the London to Brighton Veteran Car Run. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wX6fVa
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
London to Brighton Veteran Car Run
Frank Gowing drives his 1903 Stevens-Duryea Stanhope car on Westminster Bridge in front of the Houses of Parliament in London as he takes part in the London to Brighton Veteran Car Run. 
Justin Tallis, AFP/Getty Images
A 1902 Dennis car hits the road. The first Brighton Run was held in 1896 to celebrate the Locomotives on the Highway Act. 
Hannah McKay, European Pressphoto Agency
The first car sets off from Hyde Park. 
Tim Ireland, AP
Participants push a vintage car that broke down.  Generally only cars built before Jan. 1, 1905, are eligible to take part in the annual run. 
Hannah McKaY, European Pressphoto Agency
A 1904 De Dion Bouton and a 1904 Pope-Tribune along were among the participants. 
Hannah McKay, European Pressphoto Agency
Participants get into the spirit with retro costumes. 
Tim Ireland, AP
The drive over Westminster Bridge looks like it's from another time.  
Tim Ireland, AP
A participant pushes his car up to Westminster Bridge. 
Tim Ireland, AP
Partipants in their 1898 Peugeot Double-phaeton car driven by Colin Clarke pass a broken-down 1888c Truchutet Tonneau on the side of the road in front of the Houses of Parliament in London. 
justin Tallis, AFP/Getty Images
Participants try to start their 1901 Durkopp Tonneau. 
Justin Tallis, AFP/Getty Images
Doug Hill in his 1903 Daimler Tonneau look across at a Ferrari sports car overtaking them on Westminster Bridge. 
Justin Tallis, AFP/Getty Images

The Power of Yelp: Pains and Pleasures of Customer ReviewsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

NFL Fan Reaction Throws On-Field Ads for a LossThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

BJP unlikely to form minority government in DelhiBJP unlikely to form minority government in Delhi
Maruti Swift  Datsun GO fail Global NCAP safety testMaruti Swift, Datsun GO fail Global NCAP safety test
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 20:43 IST
In yet another case of popular cars in India not meeting international safety norms, popular hatchbacks Maruti Suzuki Swift and Datsun GO of Nissan have failed crash tests conducted by Global NCAP, showing high risk of life-threatening injuries.
According to the Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing bodies, crash tests of Nissan's Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki 's Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection.
"These risks would be significantly reduced if the cars had to comply with the UN test regulation for frontal and side impact," Global NCAP said in a statement.
When contacted, Nissan said its Datsun GO meets the required local vehicle regulations in India while no comments could be obtained from Maruti Suzuki. Swift is one of the top-selling cars in India.
As per its test, Global NCAP said Maruti Suzuki Swift "scored zero stars for adult occupant protection and just one star for child occupant protection".
"The Swift's vehicle structure showed signs of collapsing in the crash and was rated as unstable. The car's lack of standard-fit airbags meant that the driver's head makes direct contact with the steering wheel-the dummy readings indicate a high probability of life threatening injuries," it said, adding the test was conducted at a speed of 64 km/hr.
The Datsun GO from Nissan also scored zero stars for adult occupant protection and just two stars for child occupant protection.
"The Datsun GO's vehicle structure collapsed in the crash and was rated as unstable. The car's lack of airbags meant that the driver's head makes direct contact with the steering wheel and dashboard-the dummy readings indicate a high probability of life-threatening injuries," it said.
The failure of the body shell makes it redundant to fit an airbag, it said.
However, unlike the GO, in Swift fitting with airbags would improve occupant protection, Global NCAP said.
Global NCAP chairman Max Mosley said: "India has the potential to be a world leader in the automobile industry but Indian consumers are not aware of how unsafe they would be in case of a crash."
He said India is launching an NCAP consumer testing programme, which would be a step forward for safety but regulations based on the UN's minimum crash test standards are also needed.
"If this happens, every new car sold in India would have a proper crash structure and airbags," Mosley said.
Reacting to the crash results, Nissan India Operations President Guillaume Sicard said: "Datsun GO meets the required local vehicle regulations in India...Safety is important and is a key issue in India. Automotive regulation standards in fast-growing countries are constantly evolving and as a global manufacturer, we are willing to adopt as well as help evolve standards in vehicular safety standards."
Sicard said the Datsun GO was developed with a "strong intention to deliver the best adapted solutions to the local conditions, from best in class braking and good visibility to durability, seat comfort and reduced motion sickness-all being taken as a package aim to decrease potential risk of road accidents".
Earlier this year, some of the most popular small cars sold in India, including Maruti Alto 800, Tata Nano, Ford Figo, Hyundai i10 and Volkswagen Polo, had failed Global NCAP crash tests showing high risk of life-threatening injuries in road accidents.
As per the tests done by Global NCAP, these cars received zero star for adult protection ratings in a frontal impact at 64km/hr.
The combined sales of these five cars account for around 20 per cent of all the new cars sold in India last year, Global NCAP said.
As per Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers, total car sales in India stood at 18,07,011 units in 2013.

Mixed Open as US Stocks Come off a Record HighThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Merger Monday: Publicis buys Sapientmerger monday: publicis buys sapient
BoI Net up 26.4 pc at Rs 786 crore on interest incomeHi Guest
BoI Net up 26.4 pc at Rs 786 crore on interest income
Despite a rise in bad loans, Bank of India today reported a 26 per cent jump in net profit at Rs 786 crore for the three months to September 2014, boosted by higher core income which rose 20 per cent.   The public sector bank had posted a net profit ...

New Maruti Alto K10 launched at Rs 3.06 lakh in India; automatic variant priced at Rs 3.80 lakhWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
New Maruti Alto K10 launched at Rs 3.06 lakh in India; automatic variant priced at Rs 3.80 lakh
lhi. The new car is available in six variants and competes with the Datsun Go and Hyundai Eon. Maruti designers have changed the design of the head lamp and the grille. The update of the Alto K10 is more in line with the design language of the 800. A thich ...

Congress expels G K Vasan after he resigns from partyCongress expels G K Vasan after he resigns from party
Congress condemns migration of its MLAs to TRSCongress condemns migration of its MLAs to TRS
India and U.S. expand development cooperation in Asia and AfricaIndia and U.S. expand development cooperation in Asia and Africa
Brazil manufacturing drops for second month in October: Purchasing Managers  IndexBrazil manufacturing drops for second month in October: Purchasing Managers  Index
ICICI Prudential Tax Plan announces dividendICICI Prudential Tax Plan announces dividend
What Can Mandelas Jail Cell Teach Us About Leadershipreddit
I believe that Nelson Mandela was the greatest political leader of the 20th century -- because of his 27 years of spiritual formation in prison. Visiting Mandela's jail cell on Robben Island was the most emotional moment of my visit to South Africa this past summer. How could such a small place so change the world?
I found this quote by Mandela when I visited the Apartheid Museum in Johannesburg on my last day in South Africa. It's about how "the cell" drove him much deeper into his interior life. I think his words are a good reflection for us as we choose our elected leaders next week:
The cell is an ideal place to know yourself. People tend to measure themselves by external accomplishments, but jail allows a person to focus on internal ones, such as honesty, sincerity, simplicity, humility, generosity and an absence of variety. You learn to look into yourself.
Let's reflect on that quote, both personally as leaders in the faith, and politically as we confront a very depressing election.
Know yourself. That is such different advice from what our candidates and other leaders get from their advisers and pollsters and boards of directors who want them to know their audience, their constituency, their potential voters or consumers -- but not so much themselves. Leaders are often being told to "be who they need you to be," and seldom are they invited to go deeper into themselves.
External accomplishments. Leaders' lives are dominated by exteriority -- both in putting yourself and your ideas out there and by the feedback you get in return. That's natural for leading in the public sphere, but it can lead to defining yourself entirely by the outward life -- what you think and what people think of you -- to the great and dangerous neglect of the inward life. And that easily deteriorates into deciding what you think by what others think or want from you -- how their perceptions define your self-projection. The degeneration into "spinning" what leaders say and do is most painfully evident in an election season like this one. Ask yourself if the candidates you are voting for show more than external results, but also what guides their leadership -- what is inside them. Leaders should indeed create external consequences but without being defined by them.
Internal accomplishments. Because exteriority is so dominant for leaders, their interiority can be hard to find. It took jail for Mandela to force the journey to the interior life and define his success by what he could accomplish internally. Both external demands and lack of time are key factors here. Most leaders struggle to find even a little time for quiet space, moments of reflection, or the spiritual disciplines that take our lives to deeper places. The few political leaders that do rigorously carve out private space testify to the enormous difference it makes in their lives and their leadership.
Honesty. What works is more valued by many leaders than what's right. Being honest, especially with oneself, is so hard to do when the demand to be successful is such a daily requirement. Telling the truth -- and more importantly, living truthfully -- is the moral foundation for genuine leadership. Putting the best story forward, telling things in their best light, or interpreting things in the most positive way can so easily lead to deception, even self-deception. Political scandals abound when politicians deceive themselves. For people of faith, knowing that God knows the truth about us is a vital measure of accountability.
Sincerity. Saying what you mean and meaning what you say makes for the kind of leaders that so many are hungry for these days. People don't expect sincerity anymore from leaders, and that political cynicism becomes very dangerous. Deciding what you believe or think, then acting upon that in ways that are very transparent to the people around you, creates necessary transparency in society rather than the insincerity and opacity we have come to expect.
Simplicity. The systems we've constructed are so complicated, so it's easy to lose how simple, direct, and clear true leadership is. Simplicity is not shallowness. On the contrary, being simple means cutting through all the distractions and complexities of life to get to the heart of the matter, the plain truths we need to tell, and the clear choices we have to make. Good leaders understand the depth of the problems we have to solve but keep their purposes, goals, and directions both simple and clear.
Humility. This is absolutely the hardest thing for leaders of all kinds. It's so easy to listen to those warm and excessive introductions before you speak, or to enjoy audience responses too much, or to believe your press clippings. Instead, we need to always be aware of our human limitations, moral shortcomings, and how much we really do need the people around us -- especially those closest to us. Leadership can easily cause us to forget our sins and how much we daily need the forgiveness and grace of a loving God -- which is the reason for our humility.
Generosity. How much we give, not how much we get, should be the test of leadership. There are far too many perks, privileges, and prerogatives for leaders today. The essence of leadership, from a moral and religious perspective, is essentially service -- to our neighbors and to the world that God wants us to take responsibility for. How generous are we with our time, energy, gifts, and resources to all the people and needs that surround us, and how does our generosity create the new opportunities that people are so hungry for?
Variety. We live in a world that loves to offer us a continuous variety of things and experiences to accumulate, all of which command our time and attention. And leaders are offered the most variety of life's attractions, stealing our focus from the things in most need of our attention. Leaders mush push away all of the "stuff" that preoccupies them in order to really lead.
Look into yourself. That is the continual pilgrimage that leaders most need, and whether we continue that journey will determine the quality of our leadership. Interiority must undergird our exteriority. Internal accomplishments must shape the external ones. We saw that in how Mandela was always ready to challenge his allies as well as his adversaries, doing what he thought was right instead of what was easy or attractive, going deeper instead of just going along.
This is a good week to unpack Mandela's succinct description of what his jail cell allowed him to do and of what true leadership really is. Let's examine ourselves by these simple words. And let's ask these questions of both ourselves and of our political leaders -- especially as we go to vote.
Jim Wallis is president of Sojourners . His book, The (Un)Common Good: How the Gospel Brings Hope to a World Divided , the updated and revised paperback version of On God's Side, is available now.
Follow Jim Wallis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jimwallis
More:

Virgin Galactic CrashCause of Fatal Virgin Galactic Crash a Mystery to Designers
Oct 31, 2014, 6:00 PM ET
Virgin Galactica confirmed that there was an "anomaly" with a test flight and wreckage of what appears to be a part of a wing, pictured, was spotted in the Mojave Desert.
KABC
Share
Copy
The crash of the Virgin Galactic spacecraft that killed one pilot and injured another scattered wreckage across a large area of the Mojave desert, but it also clearly rattled the “small” community of test pilots and technicians in the field.
"Space is hard and today was a tough day," said George Whitesides, CEO of Virgin Galactic. He added, "The future rests in many ways on hard days like this."
Rocket Explodes on Launch for Space Station Supply Trip
Stuart Witt, the CEO of Mojave Air and Space Port, said the death of the pilot was keenly felt.
"When we have a mishap from the test community, we find the test community is very small And we are human and it hurts," Witt said.
Mark Greenberg/Virgin Galactic/Getty Images
PHOTO: Virgin Galactic White Knight Two carries SpaceShipTwo for the first rocket powered flight (PF01) since the beginning of the program that began in 2005 in Mojave, Calif., April 29, 2013.
The officials confirmed that both people involved in the incident were test pilots from the Virgina Galactic partner, Scaled Composites. The pilots were not identified.
Sheriff Donnie Younblood said, "I flew around the crash site. It’s a large area. The aircraft is in several different pieces."
Virgin founder Richard Branson is expected to arrive in Mojave by Saturday morning. Also due at the site on Saturday is a team from the National Transportation Safety Board. The NTSB announced that they will send a full team of investigators, led by acting chairman Christopher Hart.
Ken Brown
PHOTO: The Virgin Galactic spacecraft breaks up in midair as it flies over the Mojave desert
Witt said the exact cause of the "anomaly" that caused the crash remains unknown.
"From my eyes and my ears, I detected nothing," Witt said.
"I knew [something was wrong] when other things weren't happening. It wasn't cause something happened, it was something’s not happening," he said.
Ken Brown
PHOTO: The Virgin Galactic spacecraft breaks up in midair as it flies over the Mojave desert
Whitesides said that a new fuel formulation was being used in this test flight, but said that it had been "proven and tested numerous times on the ground."
The craft dubbed SpaceShipTwo was destroyed after it separated from its mother ship, White Knight Two, the company said.
Kevin Mickey, president of Scale Composites, explained that the mother ship flies the spacecraft to 45,000 feet, "then it’s released. It's a glider in free fall. Then the rocket is lit and you are on your way."
Ken Brown
PHOTO: The Virgin Galactic spacecraft breaks up in midair as it flies over the Mojave desert
Thoughts with all @virgingalactic & Scaled, thanks for all your messages of support. I'm flying to Mojave immediately to be with the team.
— Richard Branson (@richardbranson) October 31, 2014
Virgin Galactic, part of Branson's group of companies, has announced plans to operate a fleet of SpaceShipTwo vehicles for private sub-orbital flights.
This is the second private space mission to end catastrophically this week.
On Tuesday, an Antares rocket produced by Orbital Sciences exploded seconds after liftoff in Virginia while on a NASA-contracted supply mission to the International Space Station.
"This hasn't been an easy week. It certainly has been a challenge," Witt said. "But where I’m from this is where you find out your true character."
ABC News' Matt Hosford and Jonah Lustig contributed to this report.
Join the Discussion

How to Elevate Your  Connectworking  SkillsBy Susan Dench, via Muddy Dog Media
By Susan Dench, Founder and President of The Connectworks Academy
Old think: Networking. Want to kick that up into high gear and really get personal? That's connectworking. And it's the number one most important rule for getting ahead.
Connectworking is powerful. It's challenging. It means you have to think differently.
Making personal connections in a digital age is hard. But the people who can talk to each other are the ones who'll succeed. They can ask for and give advice, share information, make a sale, secure an investment.
While communicating has never been easier, connection has never been more difficult. In fact, the great irony is that as we develop new pathways to satisfy our human craving for personal connection, people are starving for it. The very technology created because of our need to connect with others is actually operating to deny us direct, meaningful connection.
Whether you want to own the room, smash glass ceilings or take your business to greater heights, connectworking will help you meet fascinating people doing fascinating things. Get you in the right room with the right people at the right time. Change your life.
As we think about developing lofty goals, taking things to a higher level, going onward and upward and raising the bar, remember to elevate your efforts by using the Chain of Connectworking. Keep in mind that each action is interwoven with the others, and the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. Ready?
Engage: Make a plan based on your goals and personal brand and seek out appropriate connections.
If you don't know where you're going, how are you going to get there? Start with your goals and what it is you want to accomplish.Then think about who it is you need to help you be successful.
Connectworking isn't about meeting lots of random people and throwing business cards at them in an attempt to have something stick. A good plan lets you know why you are going somewhere, who you want to talk with and what you are going to say. If you go at connectworking in a haphazard away, you will probably have less than stellar results.
Also consider what your personal brand conveys. What do you know that others don't? That's where your brand equity will lie.
Listen - Be present and build rapport and relationships based on what you learn.
Turn off your cell phone and give the speaker your undivided attention. Put aside distracting thoughts - don't miss what they are saying by preparing your response. Be aware of the speaker's body language - what are they saying without actually saying it?
If you start to practice active listening, truly hearing what is being said, you will pick up on the needs of the other person, and where you can be of assistance.
Exchange - Share and be generous with your ideas, thoughts and contacts.
Knowledge may be power, but sharing that knowledge makes you more powerful. Don't be stingy with your generosity, because the Law of Reciprocity says that when people have received a favor of some description, they often want to reciprocate and do something in return.
That doesn't mean you enter every conversation with a quid pro quo expectation. Effective connectworking, collaboration, influence, negotiation, and leadership skills have something in common - giving is the secret to getting ahead.
Value - Become indispensable.
Ask yourself: What can I do today to be valuable to my customers (boss / co-workers / community / family / friends / spouse)? Take action. Be of service and add value going above and beyond expectations - without any anticipation of reciprocation. What can you do that no one else can?
Become the connective hub, putting yourself at the center of smart people with great ideas doing amazing things. Look at things from the 30,000' level, becoming a catalyst for bringing people and projects together.You can span boundaries across your different connectworks for the benefit of all involved.
Attitude- Make a choice to be happy, friendly, upbeat, buoyant, optimistic, positive, confident, enthusiastic and sincere at all times.
You may not always be able to choose what happens to you, but you can certainly choose how you react. Take the high road and smile even when you don't feel like it. And there's nothing wrong with faking it 'til you make it - because eventually, you will.
Trusted Advisor - Become the trusted resource your colleagues and clients need to be successful and earn the coveted Trusted Advisor moniker.
Trusted Advisor status is earned by merit, an achievement based on a job well done.
As a Trusted Advisor you are in it for the long haul, not a short term gain. You'll go the extra mile and over-deliver even when an immediate sale isn't involved. Your focus will always be on adding value for your customers.
Extend - Follow up and keep yourself in your connection's awareness.
Connectworking is like any marketing effort - a visible profile will only be achieved when it's made with a sustained, consistent, enthusiastic effort. Think of it as a marathon, not a sprint.
Make notes on the back of a new contact's business card about your conversation, or something you offered to do and make sure to follow up. Organize those business cards digitally with an app like Evernote Hello. Send an article which you know will be of interest, or offer to connect people when appropriate.
What are you committed to? Go and make it happen!
Susan Dench is the founder and president of The Connectworks Academy, which provides communication training, development and advisory services. Her latest book is "Connectworking: The Savvy Woman's Guide To Turning Small Talk Into Big Business." She can be reached at sdench@theconnectworks.com.
Follow Ellevate on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EllevateNtwk
More:

Why a New Credit Card Study Isn t Really About Credit Cardsreddit
My new study out this week from Demos and the National Council of La Raza (NCLR) looks at credit card debt in the Latino community. But it isn't ultimately about credit cards at all.
Instead, it's a look at how our unemployment insurance system has failed to protect out-of-work Americans, how vast sectors of our economy fail to offer employees health coverage, and how wages have failed to keep up with the cost of living. It's an account of how Latinos, who are disproportionately uninsured, disproportionately employed in low-wage jobs, and historically face difficulty in accessing mainstream credit opportunities, are among those bearing the brunt of these trends. And it's a look at how discriminatory treatment and fraud continue to plague Latinos in the United States, even when dealing with large and mainstream financial services companies . Finally, amidst the multiple economic failures described above, the study is a hopeful glimpse at how common-sense regulation can work successfully to help households save money and pay down debt. And okay, maybe it's also about credit cards.
First, consider unemployment.
The study finds that unemployment is a leading contributor to credit card debt among Latino households. Among low- and middle-income Latino households carrying credit card debt, 1 in 3 report that a layoff or other loss of a job contributed to their current credit card debt and one 1 in 5 report job loss was the single greatest contributor to their debt. This isn't the all-too-typical credit card story about the need for more financial literacy or personal responsibility in spending -- instead it speaks to the 2.4 million Latinos who were unemployed, and the additional 2.5 million more who were underemployed in 2012 when the survey data was collected. The National Employment Law Project finds that due to a combination of language barriers, lack of familiarity with the program, and other factors, Latinos are less likely than Americans of other backgrounds both to apply for unemployment benefits and to receive benefits when they do apply. Even when unemployed workers do apply and qualify for benefits, payments may be too low to enable households to make ends meet, and benefits may run out before workers are able to find another job.
The result? For low- and middle-income Latinos -- and many other indebted Americans --credit cards become a privatized "plastic safety net" to pay for groceries and other necessities when the public safety net is insufficient. But unlike unemployment insurance or food stamps, credit card borrowing comes with high interest charges -- at rates that turn out to be significantly higher for Latino and African American borrowers than for whites.
Credit cards are also used to make up for inadequate wages when workers are on the job. In 2012, the median Latino man earned just 67 cents for every dollar paid to a non-Hispanic white man, while the median Latina earned just 59 cents. It's troubling -- but not surprising -- to learn that among low- and middle-income Latino households with credit card debt, 43 percent report using their credit cards to pay for basic living expense s such as rent, mortgage payments, groceries or utilities in the past year because they didn't have enough money in their checking or savings accounts. The Department of Labor notes that 6.8 million Latino workers would benefit if Congress raises the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour, including not just workers earning minimum wage but those paid just above the minimum who would also see their paychecks rise.
For more on how credit card use in the Latino community reflects disparities in health insurance coverage, the growing racial and ethnic wealth gap, and unequal access to credit, see the report itself . And if you're wondering about the impact of credit card debt on other communities, such as African Americans and senior citizens , see the earlier reports in our series.
But if you've been waiting for the good news on Latinos and credit cards, here it is: credit card reform legislation passed in 2009 has succeeded in adding new protections for borrowers and making credit cards a safer, fairer financial product. Latino credit cardholders have especially benefitted, reporting that they are now paying down debt more quickly and saving money by avoiding unfair fees. As a result of new disclosures and reduced fees in the mandated by the CARD Act, 38 percent of low- and middle-income Latino households with credit card debt report that they are paying more toward their credit card balances in a typical month, 41 percent say they are charged late fees less often, and 36 percent report they are charged over-the-limit fees less frequently -- benefits greater than those reported by credit card borrowers as a whole.
While financial services reform alone fails to address the deeper issues of why Latino households find themselves turning to credit cards to make up for larger shortcomings in job quality and the public safety net, it does offer a small indicator of how smart public policy can make a concrete and positive difference on people's lives. If we intelligently regulate credit card fees, borrowers will save more and pay less of them. If we improve the public safety net and improve job quality, households may not have to turn to credit cards and other forms of debt to make ends meet in the first place. 
Follow Amy Traub on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AmyMTraub
More:

The Ethics of Consumers Utilizing Full-Service Retailers for Product Educationreddit
I have posed the following hypothetical to a number of undergraduate and graduate business students:
"You are a customer and go to a retail full-service store to learn about a product. You ask a salesperson many questions about the capabilities and features of the product. You leave without purchasing, telling the salesperson that you will think about it. The salesperson gives you a business card and says to ask for her since part of her compensation package is a commission on sales. You subsequently price check online and purchase the product from a discounter who offers free shipping and a lower price. Have you acted ethically?"
95% + of the students that I have asked see nothing unethical in the conduct described in this situation.
Typical student comments are:
This is free enterprise at work. Everyone does this. No one is obligated to do business with another. It is not illegal. Retail stores know this happens. I like to see a product before purchasing. I am a little uncomfortable but would still do it. The salesperson may be lying to obtain a sale. Full-service businesses will price match if you ask them.
The debate about full-service retail store product education and its typical designation as consumer free-riding goes back to the origin of warehouse stores. Numerous court decisions stated that if the full-service store and the manufacturer agreed not to sell the product to discounters, then this constitutes a group boycott in violation of antitrust law. However, if the manufacturer unilaterally stopped selling to discounters, even after hearing full-service retailers' complaints, then this action does not violate antitrust law. The manufacturer may easily state that it is promoting full-service as part of its marketing strategy. A related antitrust issue is vertical price fixing (resale price maintenance). This is frequently legally judged under "the rule of reason."
Returning to the students, another observation is interesting. Students who see nothing unethical about utilizing a full-service retailer for product education may also cite the Golden Rule as a model for personal conduct. When asked how they would feel if they were the salesperson, the students essentially shrug their shoulders and say that this customer conduct is to be expected. I find it difficult to get students to acknowledge any disconnect between their stated ethical theory and their conduct.
What are some implications of my unscientific observations?
1. It is difficult to see how retail full-service durable goods stores will survive without subsidies from manufacturers if one only considers retail price competition and the cost of doing business. However, there is a fine line between lawful product promotion fees and unlawful price discrimination. Perhaps alternative means of customer education other than a person in a retail store will become prominent. Full-service customers will increasingly be motivated by the convenience of immediate delivery or other personal attention and customized service that cannot be provided online. Retailers of services and consumables such as food have some immunity from this issue.
2. The mom and pop community retailer may have an advantage over the anonymous big box store in creating a personal connection that translates into customer purchasing loyalty and their subsequent ethical concerns about consumer free-riding.
3. Ethical rationalizations are easily created when money is involved.
4. Ethical theory and ethical practice are easily unconsciously disconnected.
So, readers, what are your answers to the hypothetical and its implications?
More:

In pics: Maharashtra gets a BJP govtTweet
Poonam Mahajan clicks a picture of CM Devendra Fadnavis with his mother after the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede Stadium. (HT photo)
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis exchanges greetings with Pankaja Munde at his swearing-in ceremony in Mumbai. (PTI photo)
Senior BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu interacts with Shiv Sena Uddhav Thackeray during the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis greets PM Narendra Modi after the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Devendra Fadnavis along with his wife Amruta (second from left) during his swearing-in ceremony. Fadnavis passed his first key test in Maharashtra Assembly, winning a trust vote. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Devendra Phadnavis takes oath as chief minister of Maharashtra at the swearing-in ceremony at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.  (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi became the first online member of the BJP followed by party president Amit Shah. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Gujarat CM Anandiben Mehta interacts with Andhra Pradesh CM Chandrababu Naidu during the swearing-in ceremony of the news government at Wankhede Stadium. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Former Maharashtra CM Prithivraj Chavan, Rajasthan CM Vasundra Raje and NCP leader Praful Patel attend the swearing-in ceremony of the new government at Wankhede Stadium. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Portraits of BJP leaders Pramod Mahajan and Gopinath Munde installed at Wankhede Stadium during the swearing-in ceremony of new Maharashtra government in Mumbai. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Portraits of BJP leaders Atal Bihari Vajpayee, LK Advani, Narendra Modi and Amit Shah installed at Wankhede Stadium during the swearing-in ceremony of new Maharashtra government in Mumbai. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
People gather at Wankhede Stadium during the swearing-in ceremony of new Maharashtra government in Mumbai. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Advertisement

Wealth of Infosys Founders  Children SoarsGovernment Rules Out Bail-Out Measure for SpiceJet
New Delhi: As the record stock market rally continues, the value of shares directly owned by next-generation business leaders at 20 major corporate houses has soared over 18 per cent to Rs 17,000 crore so far this year.
This includes value of shares owned by the children of top executives and promoters of the listed blue chips such as Infosys, Cipla, Sun Pharma and the Reliance groups, while excluding the family holdings and equity owned through other entities such as trusts.
Collectively, the value of their holdings has risen by Rs 2,600 crore, or 18.2 per cent, from about Rs 14,000 crore at the end of 2013.
Topping the charts, the children of Infosys founders saw the value of their combined shareholding soared 14 per cent to Rs 12,200 crore in the first 10 months this year. Total value of their combined shareholding had soared by over 50 per cent to Rs 10,720 crore during 2013.
Among them, Akshata Murthy and Rohan Murty - children of Infosys co-founder Narayana Murthy - saw the value of their shares topping the Rs 6,500 crore mark. Similarly, the value of shares allotted to former Infosys CEO Nandan Nilekani's children Nihar and Jahnavi rose to nearly Rs 1,350 crore, according to an analysis of data available on the BSE.
The next generation of other Infosys co-promoters like Meghana (Kris Gopalakrishnan), Divya and Deeksha (K Dinesh), Shruti and Shreyas (S D Shibulal) saw their holdings rise to Rs 245 crore, Rs 1,115 crore and Rs 2,978 crore respectively.
The value of holdings by Wipro chairman Azim Premji's sons - Rishad and Tariq, however, at Rs 53.6 crore saw marginal rise, as shares of the IT major were flat from the end of last year.
Among other notable winners, Aalok Shanghvi, son of Sun Pharma founder Dilip Shanghvi, and his sister Vidhi's combined holdings rode on the back of an over 46 per cent uptick in the drug maker's stock price to touch about Rs 485 crore. Aalok is senior general manager of international business at the firm.
There has also been robust rise in wealth of children of Cipla's M K Hameid, Kamil and Samina as value of holdings soared by Rs 550 crore. In 2013, gains were marginal. Siblings Kamil, who is chief strategy officer of Cipla, and Samina hold shares worth about Rs 1,390 crore.
Sons of Wockhardt promoter Habil Khorakiwala - Murtaza (managing director) and Huzaifa (executive director) - saw a 75 per cent increase in holdings at Rs 34 crore.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 15:01 (IST)

Gold and silver extend losses  struggle near 4-year lowsGold and silver extend losses, struggle near 4-year lows
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Nov 3:  
Gold and silver extended their losing streak to a fourth session on Monday to trade near their lowest in more than four years, with a stronger US dollar and possible technical selling likely to keep them under pressure.
Precious metals took a beating on Friday after the Bank of Japan’s surprise decision to boost its already huge bond-buying stimulus prompted the yen to fall to a seven-year low against the dollar.
Dollar hits 4-year high
On Monday, the dollar hit a four-year peak against a basket of major currencies, further hurting the bullion’s appeal as a hedge.
“It's pretty hard to find anything bullish on gold at the moment,’’ said ANZ analyst Victor Thianpiriya, adding that currency movements, weak physical demand and fund outflows were all taking a toll on prices.
“The next support for gold is around $1,155-60 but not much support below that on the charts. If we don’t bounce back soon above $1,180, we are looking at that as a big resistance level.’’
Spot gold dropped 1 per cent on Monday before recovering slightly to trade down 0.6 per cent at $1,166.95 an ounce by 0300 GMT. It fell to its lowest since July 2010 at $1,161.25 on Friday, before closing down 2 per cent.
Among other precious metals, silver tracked gold, falling to $15.72, its lowest since early 2010. Platinum was trading near its lowest in a month. The $1,180 level — which gold broke through on Friday — was seen as a significant one for gold, with chartists now eyeing prices below $1,000 for the first time in five years.
A strong greenback makes gold more expensive for holders of other currencies, while also dimming the yellow metal’s appeal as a hedge. The prospect of higher interest rates in the United States has also hurt gold recently along with strong economic data.
SPDR Gold Trust
Gold is a non-interest-bearing asset and is often seen as a safe-haven asset. Outflows from SPDR Gold Trust — the world’s largest gold-backed exchange-traded fund — accelerated in October, with holdings of the fund now at a six-year low.
Hedge funds and money managers cut their bullish long position in gold in the week up to October 28, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission had said on Friday.
“We suspect that we will likely be heading lower from here given that a number of bearish variables seem to be converging on gold all at once,’’ said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir.
Gold failed to find support from the physical markets in top consuming region Asia. In China, the world’s biggest buyer of gold, local prices had slipped to a discount to the global benchmark from premiums last week — an indication of weak buying interest.
Gold stocks in Australia, the world’s no. 2 producer, also took a hit following the drop in gold prices. Australia’s largest producer, Newcrest Mining Ltd, dropped more than 7 per cent, while St Barbara Mines lost 9 per cent and Evolution Mining was down 6.7 per cent.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Factory output expands at modest pace in OctFactory output expands at modest pace in October
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 13:36 IST
Photo: Reuters
The manufacturing sector output picked up modestly during October, driven by strong demand conditions and rise in new order flows, an HSBC survey said on Monday.
The headline HSBC India Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) - a composite gauge designed to give a single- figure snapshot of manufacturing business conditions - rebounded from September's nine-month low of 51.0 to 51.6 in October.
Amid reports of stronger demand, production at Indian manufacturers rose for the twelfth successive month in October. A figure above 50 indicates the sector is expanding, while a figure below that level means contraction.
"Manufacturing activity picked up modestly amid stronger output and new order flows, particularly from overseas clients," HSBC Co-Head of Asian Economic Research Frederic Neumann said.
New business also increased for the twelfth month in a row in October, largely owing to the general improvements in demand situation.
In addition, export orders received by Indian manufacturers rose in October, extending the current sequence of growth to 13 months.
However, firms continued to trim purchases and refrained from aggressive inventory accumulation, the report said.
On prices, it said that inflationary pressures remained muted in October. While input prices eased further, the improvement in growth allowed firms to raise margins by increasing output prices slightly.
"This trend could strengthen with growth, which is why the RBI will remain cautious about relaxing its grip at this juncture," Neumann said.
In the September policy review, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan had left all key rates unchanged citing continued risks to inflation and difficult external situation, especially on the geopolitical front. This was the fourth consecutive time that the RBI kept key interest rates unaltered.
The short-term lending (repo) rate remained at eight per cent, and the cash reserve requirement of banks at four per cent.

Opto Circuits rallies over 18% on heavy volumesOpto Circuits rallies over 18% on heavy volumes
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 01.11PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Opto Circuits specializes…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Opto Circuits have moved higher for third consecutive session on increased volumes. It has rallied over 18 per cent intraday as sentiment turned bullish after the company recently approved proposal to hike FII limit.
The company approved increasing FII limit to 60 per cent from 49 per cent after market hours on 22 October 2014.
Opto Circuits specializes in developing and manufacturing technologically-advanced medical equipment and devices for modern healthcare practices.
Over 19.39 lakh shares were traded in the counter against two-week average of 5.49 lakh shares.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mamata Banerjee holds strategy meet ahead of municipal pollsThe CM Mamata Banerjee expressed concern over growing popularity of BJP in the state and discussed ways on how to tackle it.
Written by Arshad Ali | Kolkata | Posted: November 3, 2014 3:29 pm
Ahead of the municipal elections next year, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee conducted her first strategy meeting session on Monday at her Kalighat residence with the 12 MMICs, 15 Borough chairmen, in the presence of key cabinet ministers and senior leaders.
Sources said that the in the meeting which lasted for about an hour, the CM had expressed her concern over the growing popularity of the BJP in the state and discussed ways on how to tackle it. “She said, ‘BJP is ahead in 26 wards. What were the councillors and Borough chairmen’s doing, sleeping?’” said a top TMC leader present at the meet.
It has also been decided that the party would counter BJP but would not name it in public as their main opposition, to avoid giving it any publicity. Sources said that senior TMC leaders Saugata Ray and Partha Chatterjee had been handed over the responsibility of taking out a booklet highlighting the achievements of the TMC ward-wise along with facts and figures.
Media management had been another issue discussed. “Everyone has been warned about being controlled while speaking to the media as the CM thought a huge part of the media had been bought over by the BJP,” said another senior TMC leader.
TMC ward presidents were to look into the poll related issues in areas which do not have TMC councillors.
All incomplete works have been instructed to be completed as soon as possible and everyone from the top to the bottom was to ensure that the party is not defamed in any manner with their words and actions. “Didi had also said that it is not the work of the councillors alone. Ministers, MPs, MLAs should all meet councillors regularly and keep a tab on the developmental work,” said a senior TMC leader.

Banks yet to cap free ATM transactions in metrosBanks yet to restrict free ATM transactions in metros
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 16:17 IST
Even as RBI allowed banks to charge ATM transcations beyond five in metros, the lenders are yet to restrict the number of free withdrawals for their own customers at home automated teller machines.
Leading banks like SBI, ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank have not yet announced any cap on free transactions.
The lenders are refraining from putting a cap as restriction on free ATM usage would increase footfall in branches, a senior official of a public sector bank said.
Rise in customer visit to bank branches for withdrawals or other non-financial purposes will increase cost which is much higher than Rs 20, the official added.
Some of the banks are weighing options so that they are able to absorb this and provide more number of free ATM transactions in a month, a senior official of a private bank said.
As per the RBI circular, banks are free to charge Rs 20 for transactions beyond five from November 1 but at the same time it said that banks are free provide more number of transactions to their customers if they desire so.
Bank customers in six metros-Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Bangalore-are allowed to withdraw money or carry out non-financial transactions like mini-statements at ATMs of banks, where they hold saving or current accounts, free of charge only five times a month, the RBI circular said.
Every transaction beyond this threshold will be charged Rs 20 per use. Besides, the number of free transactions at ATMs of non-home banks has been cut to three times a month from five times.
State Bank of India, which has about 43,000 ATMs, is yet to put a cap on free ATM transactions. The bank allows ATM withdrawals of up to Rs 40,000 daily on classic debit card.
Leading private sector banks like ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank have also not put restrictions on free ATM transactions yet.
ICICI Bank, which has 11,739 ATMs, is offering unlimited number of free transactions for its own customers at home ATMs, as per its website. In case of non-home ATMs, there is a cap of 5 financial transactions in a month.

Delhi: BJP may bat for fresh elections as L-G Jung holds talks with partiesComments
Delhi is likely to have elections soon as leaders from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Congress and AAP informed lieutenant governor (L-G) Najeeb Jung on Monday they still did not have the numbers to form a government.
Party leaders met Jung though the day to discuss the possibility of forming a government in Delhi which has been under President’s Rule since the Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) government quit in February after being in office for 49 days.
 
“L-G held consultations with the leaders of the three political parties to explore the possibility of government formation. All the parties expressed their inability to form the government,” said an official statement from the L-G’s office.
Jung announced plans to look at forming a government after the Supreme Court last week slammed the Centre and the L-G over what it termed the “Delhi deadlock”.
Delhi has been gripped by political uncertainty for about eight months, with none of the three parties in a position to form a government. The BJP and its ally Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) have 29 MLAs in the 70-member House, down from 32 after three legislators were elected to the Lok Sabha. The AAP has 27 members, and the Congress eight.
The BJP is likely to have an edge in Delhi following its impressive wins in the Lok Sabha and recent assembly elections.
  
BJP sources said they want to go for fresh elections in February and form a government with a clear majority. A BJP delegation led by its Delhi president, Satish Upadhyay, and senior leader and MLA Jagdish Mukhi were the first to meet Jung on Monday.
“We have made our stand clear to the lieutenant governor. Our party has been maintaining since the beginning that we will not indulge in any kind of manipulation,” said Upadhyay.
Congress legislator Haroon Yusuf also told Jung that his party wanted the Delhi assembly dissolved. “We have been consistent on our stand that no party has numbers to give a stable government in Delhi and this is what we told the L-G also. We recommended that the house should immediately be dissolved and fresh elections be announced in the Capital,” he told reporters after meeting Jung.
While speculation about Congress MLAs breaking away from the party to support the AAP and BJP was rife, the Congress party managed to keep its flock together in the past few months.
 
The AAP, which has repeatedly accused the BJP of trying to poach its legislators to form the government in Delhi, reiterated it was in favour of elections.
“Our stand is what it was eight months ago. We want the Delhi assembly to be dissolved,” said AAP leader Manish Sisodia  after meeting Jung along with Kejriwal.

National Herald case: Stay on summons against Sonia  Rahul till Dec 2Print
Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Rahul had moved the High Court on July 30 against the trial court order summoning them in the case. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 4:43 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 4:48 pm
The Delhi High Court on Monday extended till December 2 the stay on the trial court order summoning Congress President Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi and three others in the National Herald case.
Justice V P Vaish extended the interim order after lawyers appearing for the Gandhis and others said their arguments cannot be concluded on Monday.
The High Court, while listing the matter for further hearing on December 2, said the pleas before it require a regular hearing over two-three days and it can’t hear arguments in the next few days due to holidays and a lot of transfer cases listed before it.
BJP leader Subramanian Swamy said that arguments need to be concluded before the next date of hearing in the matter before the trial court, which is scheduled to hear it on December 9.
Swamy, in his complaint before the trial court, had alleged cheating and misappropriation of funds by the Congress leaders in the acquisition of the daily by Young Indian (YI).
Besides Sonia and Rahul, Congress Treasurer Moti Lal Vora, General Secretary Oscar Fernandes and Suman Dubey had moved the High Court on July 30 against the trial court order summoning them in the case.
The trial court had on June 26 summoned Sonia, Rahul, Vora, Fernandes, Suman Dubey and Sam Pitroda to appear before it on August 7.

Airline stocks fly upto 11% on ATF cut | Sensex on track to hit 30 000Airlines surge upto 10% as ATF prices slashed by 7.3 per cent
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 05.14PM IST
Tags:
Crude oil
(The oil companies have also…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Jet Airways and Spicejet surged in trade today after Aviation Turbine Fuel (ATF) rates were cut by a steep 7.3 per cent on November 1, 2014.
This is the fourth straight reduction in prices since August on back of falling international oil prices. The oil companies have also lowered retail petrol and diesel prices as international crude oil prices are hovering near $85 per dollar level.
The ATF price was cut by Rs 4,987.7 per kilolitre, or 7.3 per cent, to Rs 62,537.93 per kilolitre.
Jet fuel constitutes over 40 per cent of an airline's operating costs and the price cut will ease the financial burden of cash-strapped carriers.
The highly leveraged airline companies are unlikely to cut fares and pass on the benefit to flyers.
"We have some of the lowest fares and highest fuel costs in the world. 7.3% ATF cut welcome relief, will help reduce bleeding. That's all," said SpiceJet COO Sanjiv Kapoor to TNN.
According to Sudip Bandyopadhyay, President, Destimoney Securities the airline stocks have been under significant pressure predominately and investors should be cautious entering these companies due to debt problems.
"I am still not sure whether one should buy SpiceJet even at current levels considering the fact that ATF prices have come down and the benefit of that may not be passed on and maybe retained at SpiceJet. The problems are much bigger than simple small reduction of ATF. ATF price reduction of course helps them but still quite some distance away from coming out of all their problems," he told ET Now.
At 02:35 p.m.; Spicejet was at 14.97, up 7.47 per cent, on the BSE. It surged 10.7 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 15.42.
Jet Airways was at Rs 241.20, up 3.94 per cent, on the BSE. It gained 6.3 per cent to touch intraday high of Rs 247.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Happy birthday! Nifty turns 20  on track to make 9000 in next 12 months  say expertsYou are here: Home > Collections > Bse
Nifty turns 20, on track to hit 9000 in next 12 months
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 3, 2014, 05.12PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(The reward-to-risk ratio…)
NEW DELHI: The National Stock Exchange , which was set up by the government to break the BSE's ( Bombay Stock Exchange ) monopoly in the stock market, went live with its capital market (equities) segment on 03 November 1994.
The CNX Nifty index is a well-diversified 50 stock index compared to BSE's 30-stock index, Sensex , which accurately reflects overall market conditions.
The reward-to-risk ratio of CNX Nifty is higher than other leading indices, making it a more attractive portfolio and offering similar returns, but at lesser risk, says an IISL report.
The index, which has already rallied nearly 32 per cent so far in the year 2014 to a new record high of 8350.60 in trade on Monday, is well on track to track to hit the levels of around 9,000 in the next 12 month and a level of 18,000 in the next four years, say analysts.
"We are bullish on the market for the next few years. In fact, our view is that the markets will double over the next four years. In between that, of course, we will get a lot of corrections," says Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
"Most people think that India is the place to be over the next one year, over the next four years. There is a general agreement with a bullish view that the earnings could go up and double over the next four years probably and the markets may follow suit," he adds.
Jaipuria is of the view that we will also keep on having these minor dips, but every dip is like an opportunity to buy in this market.
Most analysts across the Street firmly believe that the index, which is today amongst the top 10 exchanges globally, is firmly in a multi-year bull run and with macros in place, the Indian markets have a long way to go.
NSE, which overtook BSE as India's largest exchange in October 1995, has far wider economic representation than the Sensex. CNX Nifty is based upon solid economic research and is well respected internationally as a pioneering effort in better understanding how to make a stock market index.
"The Nifty is on a multiyear bull run with a strong government in place, which is expected to remove bottlenecks from the system and bring strong reforms to turn the tide on the ground and bring back high earning growth," says Siddharth Sedani, Vice President - Portfolio Management Service at Microsec Capital Ltd.
"Earning accretion would be the next pivot point for the Nifty to move ahead in the coming quarters. Equity weightage is bound to increase multi fold in India among the other asset classes, which would be a differentiating factor in the 20th anniversary of the Nifty," he adds.
Expectations are running high from the Indian markets given the fact that are macros are stabilised and growth has bottomed out. With the rate cycle set to reverse and more reforms getting implemented, the Indian markets may well be on top of list of FIIs despite global concerns.
Analysts say that the correction is more of a short-term phenomenon and long-term investors should look at buying on dips as the Nifty is set to hit levels of around 9000.
"We have rallied broadly 2000 points on the Nifty, from 6000 odd levels to the levels of over 8000. So even if we correct to 7500-7600 levels on global uncertainty, investors should use the opportunity to go long in the markets," says Ashwani Gujral , fund manager at ashwanigujral.com .
"So, once the global markets recover and more reforms gets implemented, chances are that we will have the next leg of the rally, which may push the index to the levels around 9000 and 7500 is a very good support for the index," he adds.
Analysts are of the view that such drawdowns are common, even in bull markets. Rising volatility is a key characteristic of this market and as far as India is concerned, investors should not be worried too much as the long-term trend still remains intact.
According to an ET Now survey of 15 brokerage firms recorded last month, 80 per cent of the respondents surveyed by ET Now see the Nifty index trading above the 8500 levels by next Diwali, while 13 per cent see the index hovering in the range of 8000-8500. Only 7 per cent of the respondents see the index moving in the range of 7500-8000.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Would Sensex s recurring highs trip up investors!You are here: Home > Collections
Will Sensex's recurring highs trip up investors?
Nov 3, 2014, 12.51PM IST
(India’s benchmark index…)
By Dhirendra Kumar CEO, Value Research
The Sensex is registering a new all-time high every few days. Can you stay cool and keep making the right choices? Nothing indicates a more exciting time on the equity market than headlines stating the Sensex has touched an all-time high. There is a lot of such excitement nowadays.
Last Friday, India's benchmark index hit a new record of 27,865.83. Since the beginning of June this year, the Sensex has hit a new crest 22 times in barely 100 trading days. Over its 35year history, the index has hit new highs on 499 out of a total of 8,110 trading days. Thus, on an average, about 1 in 20 trading days, the index closes at an all time high. Going by that, this does not appear to be a particularly rare event.
However, the distribution of these highs is hardly uniform. They tend to come in clusters when the markets are rising rapidly and then don't come around for a long time when the equities retreat.
One such cluster was during 1981 when the Sensex registered 30 all-time highs in a matter of 60 trading days, rising from 152 to 186 over the period. Still, this couldn't have caused any excitement then because the Sensex did not actually exist at the time. The index was launched only in 1986 but calculated back to 1979 to give it a history.
The biggest cluster of all-time highs was in recent memory, from a time we all remember well. In the 60 trading days from February 10, 2006 to May 10, 2006, the Sensex closed at an all time high on 32 days, rising 25.5% from 10,045 to 12,612. The dry stretches are all much, much longer. No all-time high was recorded over the five years from August 1994 to July 1999, or for the four years to January 2004, nor for three years ending in October 2013, when the current cycle started.
This pattern is not just of academic interest to those who like crunching numbers. The skewed manner in which the markets generate excitement plays a large role in how people think about equity investments. There are long periods when there is nothing in particular to encourage new investors to start thinking of equities, or indeed, to encourage all but the most committed ones to invest. Then comes the boom times, when the near-daily news of new records being set create the impression in investors that every rupee not invested in equities is an opportunity missed.
That's exactly the situation that we find ourselves in now. It's always said that the many more bad investment decisions are taken in good times than bad. The reason is self-evident. These are times when it's easy to mistake a monkey for a goat. Or, to ignore the goats because the monkeys look so much more promising. I refer to the investing parable of the two villages that I have written about elsewhere.
It's about two villages that are fooled into buying very expensive animals by a clever salesman who gets them excited about the future value of the animals. One village buys monkeys and the other goats. They are all over-priced but the goats at least provide milk, meat and produce more goats that do the same. The monkeys are just a nuisance and prove to be worthless.
And that story really holds the most important thing that investors need to keep in mind about investing in these heady times. We could be heading for a time when the practically every stock looks overpriced. However, as history shows, such estimations have a way of falling by the wayside. As long as one takes care to buy an overpriced goat, instead of an overpriced monkey, it will eventually work out.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi Court to hear arguments on charges against Bhatkal on Nov29Print
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 3, 2014 5:59 pm
A Delhi court today fixed November 29 for hearing arguments on framing of charges against suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives, including its co-founder Yasin Bhatkal who were arrested by NIA for their alleged role in a conspiracy to carry out terror activities across the country.
Additional Sessions Judge Neena Bansal Krishna, to whom the case has been transferred, would hear afresh arguments on framing of charges which were earlier being heard by District Judge I S Mehta.
National Investigation Agency (NIA) had earlier filed a supplementary chargesheet in the court against 20 suspected IM in which it had said that IM’s Pakistan-based founder Riyaz Bhatkal had suggested adopting tactics used in the 2013 Maoist
strike in Chhattisgarh on Congress leaders for eliminating politicians.
Before that, the agency had filed two chargesheets in the case against nine suspected IM operatives, including Yasin Bhatkal and his close aide Asadullah Akhtar alias Haddi who were arrested by NIA on August 28, 2013 in the case. Yasin Bhatkal and Asadullah Akhtar are in judicial custody.
NIA, in its recent supplementary chargesheet filed in September this year, has named suspected top IM men Riyaz Bhatkal, Iqbal Bhatkal, Tahseen Akhtar, Ariz Khan, Md Sajid, Shahnawaz Alam, Mirza Shadab Beg, Amir Reza Khan, Md Khalid, Mohsin Choudhary, Haider Ali, Md Saleem Ishaqui and Afif Jailani as accused in the case.
Besides them, alleged IM men Abu Rashid, Zia-ur-Rehman, Abdul Khadir Sultan Armar, Md Shafi Armar, Md Hussain Farhan, Md Rashid and Anwar Hussain were also named in the chargesheet by NIA.
It, however, did not find enough evidence to chargesheet suspected SIMI operative Abu Faisal in the case.

China s economy must sustain healthy growth: Li KeqiangChina s economy must sustain healthy growth: Li Keqiang
Nabard assigns Rs 1 000 cr for creation of cold chainsNabard assigns Rs 1,000 cr for creation of cold chains
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
Government—run farm lender Nabard today said it has set up a Rs 1,000—crore corpus for lending to cold chains which will ensure creation of the necessary infrastructure for the agriculture and allied sectors.
Players in the public, private and cooperative sectors besides farmer producers organisations (FPOs) can avail of the direct credit window at competitive interest rates, it said.
“We want to give a fillip to the much required cold storages with this specific earmarking of Rs 1,000 crore to begin with,” National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) Chairman Harsh Bhanwala said.
The facility has been created out of the Rs 5,000—crore warehouse infrastructure fund created through a budgetary announcement, Nabard said in a statement.
Horticulture, dairy, meat and meat products, fish and fish produce and other agriculture goods players stand to benefit from this arrangement.
Nabard held a meeting with sector participants, policymakers and other stakeholders for operationalisation of the facility, it added.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

21 arrested after Wagah blast as toll mounts to 61; high alert sounded inPakistanPrint
International Indo-Pak, Attari border closed after bomb blast at Wagah (Pakistan) on Sunday. (Source: PTI Photo)
By: Press Trust of India | Lahore | Posted: November 3, 2014 6:23 pm | Updated: November 4, 2014 8:43 am
At least 21 people, including a suspected bomber, were arrested on Monday and explosives and a suicide vest recovered from Wagah border area as entire Pakistan was put on red alert after 61 people were killed in a deadly terror attack at the Indo-Pak land border crossing.
A Punjab Rangers official said that explosives and a suicide jacket had been found during a search operation in the area.
“The suicide vest stuffed with explosives and ball bearings has been defused by the bomb disposal squad,” he said.
The law enforcement agencies arrested 20 ‘suspects’ from the Wagah border areas during the search operation.
A Punjab Rangers official said that explosives and a suicide jacket had been found during a search operation at Wagah border. (source: IE photo by Rana Simranjit Singh)
Lahore police spokesman Niyab Haider Naqvi told PTI that the law enforcement agencies launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah after the attack and taken 20 suspects into custody.
“A joint investigation team of police, rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and rangers along with police will provide security to Muharram processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday’s attack,” he said.
They also arrested a suspected suicide-bomber from Multan district, some 350 kilometres from Lahore.
The Lahore police yesterday issued a sketch of 17-year-old Abdul Rehman who had gone missing from a seminary in old city of Lahore for a month.
“The police along with an intelligence agency have raided a house in Multan district and arrested Abdul Rehman,” Naqvi said, adding Rehman has been shifted to unknown place for interrogation.
At least 61 people, including 10 women, eight children and three security personnel, have died in the attack that took place yesterday when a suicide attacker detonated a powerful bomb at Wagah. Over 100 injured are being treated in different hospitals in Lahore.
Three militant factions, including splinter groups of the  Taliban, have separately claimed responsibility for the suicide attack that took place after the popular flag-lowering ceremony at Wagah.
Al-Qaeda affiliated militant group Jundullah (Soldiers of Allah), a splinter group of the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP), was the first to claim the attack.
Shortly afterwards Jamaat-ul-Ahrar said its bomber Hafiz Hanifullah carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
Hours after cancelling the beating retreat ceremony at Wagah following a deadly suicide attack, Pakistan today allowed general public to view the popular ceremony.
“We have decided in a meeting this afternoon to allow the general public to come and watch the flag-lowering ceremony,” Punjab Rangers spokesman Major continued…

Expect markets to double over next four years: BofA-MLJyotivardhan Jaipuria
(We are bullish on the market…)
In a chat with ET Now, Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, shares his views on the market as well as the earnings growth. Excerpts:
ET Now: We are very close to the opening. Are you bullish on the markets at the current levels? Do you think 8500 comes in first or do you believe there will be a correction?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: We are bullish on the market for the next few years. In fact, our view is that the markets will double over the next four years. In between that, of course, we will get a lot of corrections. We will keep having these minor dips, but every dip is like an opportunity to buy in this market.
ET Now: I was reading your India equity strategy report as of October 21st. I do not think too much would have changed since then. Your report suggested that India is a consensus overweight amongst the EMs, probably one of the favourites as well. What does this take a 12-month rolling target for your house and how soon could we actually hit that target considering the kind of space that we have exhibited in the strength over the last few days?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Yes, most people are overweight India. Most people have played India for the last one year. In fact, even the aggregate data shows that emerging market funds are on an average overweight India by 400 bps. So versus the index of around 7%, they have 11% in India.
Most people think that India is the place to be over the next one year, over the next four years. There is a general agreement with a bullish view that the earnings could go up and double over the next four years probably and the markets may follow suit.
ET Now: Do you see the earnings revival coming in soon?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: We think earnings will double over the next four years because of two factors. One is macro and the other is micro.
In macro, if you see, corporate profits as a percentage of GDP are the lowest in 10 years. So, typically that will start to pick up from these levels.
Second, if you look at the micro, then corporate margins are the lowest in the last 18 years. So from these levels it is likely that these margins will again revert to mean. If they revert to mean over the next four years, we probably are going to see the earnings double.
So, probably, you are heading for another strong spell of earnings growth now.
ET Now: Part of the market is already pricing in a rate cut ahead of the rest of analyst expectations from the market or the RBI in fact. What is the sense that you are getting? Do you think the move in the Bank Nifty and the way the entire banking pack and the market is moving could also run a little bit into a risk because the market seems to be moving ahead of the fundamentals right now purely in terms of a rate expectation cut from the RBI?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Yes, we actually have been more optimistic on the rate cut than most of the consensus.
Our view is that the rate would cut in the early part of next year. So February is where we have a first rate cut built in, which is like ahead of what the street was expecting. The view was essentially linked to inflation. Like, if we see Indian inflation, it has a good correlation with the global commodity prices. Global commodity prices are coming down. So the chances are that the inflation will keep surprising on the downside.
The RBI has this 6% target for FY16 and at least for this year, we will probably see the inflation coming in below 6% before the end of this calendar year. So to that extent, the pressure will be on the RBI. They may choose to delay the rate cuts a bit. But if you see the G-Sec market, it is already building in a rate cut coming in. So if you see, some banks have already started cutting rates. To that extent, the interest rate cycle is headed down. Now, it has become a question of when does the RBI cut.
  ET Now: Is that the principle reason for the bullishness on the auto pack?
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria: Over the last four-five years, sectors like pharma and software have play out very well. Our view is that we are now at a stage where we are going to start having the sector rotation come through.
There are two reasons why we are bullish on the auto pack. One, we think that the GDP growth is close to bottoming out. So probably, FY16 will be stronger than FY15, and FY17 will be stronger than FY16. So you have a GDP which after four-five years of downtrend is really going to go on uptrend.
Second is the interest rate. Basically you have seen 300 bps increases in interest rates in the last five years. The next few years will see interest rates getting cut. Autos is probably one of the best things we have been playing because when we do our cycle analysis, autos is the first one to start doing well when this sort of scenario builds up.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Wagah bombing: 3 militant groups claim responsibility  20 suspects heldprint
Relatives gather beside the covered bodies of victims who were killed in suicide bomb attack in Wagah border near Lahore. (Reuters Photo)
Three militant groups have separately claimed responsibility for the suicide attack at the Wagah checkpoint near Lahore that killed at least 61 people including 10 women, eight children and three securitymen on Sunday evening.
Pakistan, however, held the beating retreat ceremony on Monday evening amid reports that the daily military ritual would not be organised at Wagah after Sunday's bombing, which took place on the Pakistani side some 500 meters from the international border at 6.12pm. 
Border Security Force (BSF) chief DK Pathak had said on Sunday that Pakistan had requested India not to conduct the ceremony for three days. If this had happened, it would have been for the first time since the two countries went to war in 1971.
Every day before sunset, soldiers from Pakistan and India gather at Wagah, the only road border crossing between Amritsar and Lahore, to simultaneously lower the two nations' flags.
Most of the people who died in the suicide bomber attack were returning from the ceremony.
Officials said the changed plan to allow the ceremony on Monday had been communicated to the BSF by the Pakistani Rangers, a PTI report filed from Lahore said.
The gallery on the Indian side was empty, while a large number of people gathered in the Pakistan gallery and raised slogans.
BSF officers said visitors on the Indian side were turned back earlier in the day after Pakistan's request that the ceremony be suspended for three days.
Meanwhile, Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif vowed strong military operations against militants in the wake of the deadliest attack to hit the country in six months.
Pakistan has been wracked by a homegrown Taliban insurgency that has killed thousands of people in recent years, but attacks have tailed off since the army launched a major anti-militant offensive in the northwest in June.
Sharif and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi both condemned the latest strike.
Sharif ordered an inquiry into the attack and sought a report from Punjab chief minister, Shahbaz Sharif. Punjab law minister Mujtaba Shujaur Rehman claimed that the suicide bomber managed to cross four security checkposts on GT Road.
No Indian troops were hurt on Sunday, but the blast left windows and doors of the BSF post shaking on the Indian side.
IED found near parking area
An improvised explosive device (IED) was found from the parking area of the Wagah border on Monday. The Bomb Disposal Squad (BDS) was called to the site for inspection after the recovery. The BDS then launched search operations surrounding Wagah border, The Nation newspaper reported. Pakistani security forces also began search operation in nearby villages and areas and rounded up several suspects.
High alert sounded, trade halted
BSF chief Pathak said the BSF had received some inputs a fortnight ago that terror groups may try to carry out a possible strike during the beating retreat ceremony.
A home ministry official too said there were alarms about a possible strike.
"India's external intelligence agency, Research and Analysis Wing, had got intelligence inputs some 15 days back indicating that the flag-lowering might be targeted by the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP)," he said on condition of anonymity.
Land border trade between India and Pakistan came to a halt on Monday in the aftermath of the suicide bomb attack.
Customs officials in Attari, Punjab, said there was no trade activity from either side. They added the trading activity was likely to remain suspended for another two days.
Hundreds of trucks from both countries carry products, including fruits and vegetables, through the land border trade.
Bereaved relatives at a hospital in Lahore where people injured in Sunday's blast are being treated.  (AFP photo)
Who's responsible?
Al Qaeda-affiliated militant group Jundullah (Soldiers of Allah), a splinter group of the TTP, was the first to claim the responsibility for the attack.
Taliban splinter group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar too said its bomber, Hafiz Hanifullah, carried out the attack. Later, a lesser-known Mahar Mehsud group also claimed responsibility for the bombing.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar said on its Twitter page the attack was a warning to both Pakistan and India and that such an assault could also happen across the border. It refuted claims of other groups owning the attack.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar also criticised Jundullah as a "fake" Iranian group.
Jamaat-ul-Ahrar had recently separated from the TTP after the army launched an operation in North Waziristan in mid-June. Led by Omer Khalid Khurasani, it is believed to be capable of lethal attacks.
Jundullah was also part of the TTP until last year when Hakimullah Mehsud, now slain, led the militants.
It had been involved in several high-profile attacks, including the strike on Crops Commander of Karachi in 2004, murder of 10 climbers in Gilgit-Baltisitan in 2013 and Peshawar Church bombing of last year.
This group also claimed responsibility of last month's attack at Maulana Fazlur Rehman who survived the suicide bombing.
The conflicting claims show the ongoing war among various militant outfits trying to replace the TTP which has been weakened by military operations and defections.
Last month, six important Taliban commanders joined the West Asian group the Islamic State (IS), also known as the ISIS or the ISIL.
Death toll 61
The overnight death toll in the suicide attack mounted to 61 on Monday afternoon. Security agencies have arrested about 20 suspects from the Indo-Pak border area.
Ten women, eight children and three security personnel were among the 61 people who have died in the attack.
Over 100 people were injured in the incident and are being treated in different Lahore's hospitals where emergency has been declared.
"The death toll of the devastating suicide attack at Wagah border has risen to 61. The condition of some injured is still critical and the doctors are battling to save their lives," Punjab Emergency Services Rescue spokesperson Jam Sajjad told PTI.
About 43 bodies have been handed over to the families, while the remaining are yet to be recognised, Sajjad said.
Lahore police spokesperson Niyab Haider Naqvi said, "The law enforcement agencies have launched operation in the residential areas in Wagah and taken about 20 suspects into custody."
"A joint investigation team of police, Rangers and intelligence agencies have started its probe into the incident. The army and Rangers along with police will provide security to Ashura processions in Lahore and they have been put on high alert in the wake of Sunday's attack."
According to a preliminary investigation report submitted to the inspector general (IG) of Punjab police, Mushtaq Ahmed Sukhera, the suicide bomber, believed to be in his early 20s, had been staying in the Wagah border area since many days.
"It is also suspected that the handlers of the suicide-bomber were also present near the blast site to ensure the execution of their plan," the report says.
At least 15 to 20kg of explosives were used in the blast with some of the explosives in the attacker's suicide jacket and the remaining being carried by him.
Pak offers security to Sikh pilgrims
Pakistan will provide complete security to more than 2,000 Sikh pilgrims from India arriving in Lahore on Tuesday for the three-day birth anniversary celebrations of Guru Nanak, an official has said, in the wake of the Wagah border suicide attack.
"We will ensure this (Wagah border-like bombing) does not happen again, particularly when over 2,000 Sikh pilgrims arrive at Wagah Railway Station," Evacuee Trust Property Board (ETPB) chairman Siddiqul Farooq had said on Sunday.
Watch: India beefs up security

Infrastructure  BFSI  IT to drive growth in India: DeloitteInfrastructure, BFSI, IT to drive growth in India: Deloitte
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
India is poised for “improved prosperity” as the reforms initiated by the new government are taking shape and sectors, including infrastructure, will be the key drivers of growth, says global consultancy Deloitte.
Riding on the back of economic reforms and demographic dividend, Deloitte today said that Information and Communication technology, BFSI (Banking, financial services and insurance), Retail as well as Infrastructure and Construction are among the sectors which are poised to drive growth in the country over the next 30 years.
According to the latest competitiveness report by Deloitte, with a new government in place, solid growth projected, and a flourishing middle class, “investors appear increasingly willing to back India”.
“India is poised for improved prosperity as new government reforms begin to take shape,” Deloitte Global Managing Director for Industries Gary Coleman said.
“To fully realise its potential, India must continue to invest in infrastructure, particularly transport networks and power systems, as well as work to enhance the employability of its working population,” he added.
According to the report, infrastructure and construction sector is forecasted to become the world’s third-largest construction market by 2025.
“With the government’s three-pronged strategy aimed at modifying the regulatory framework, removing bottlenecks for existing projects, and reviving the capital-expenditure cycle, India could lead growth among emerging economies in the infrastructure and construction sector,” the report said.
“However, rapid economic growth and a rising population have placed immense pressure on India’s infrastructure in the near term,” it added.
It also noted that government’s strategy to promote financial inclusion in India, along with the country’s rising middle class is likely to drive up the BFSI industry.
Similarly, rising incomes, growing middle class and young population, brand conscious consumers, technological advancements, among others would strengthen the retail sector, the report said.
For the information and communication technology sector, the report noted that with economic expansion, IT spending by both businesses and consumers is likely to increase.
“This will aid the wider ICT sector, which will also benefit from greater penetration of computing technology, smartphones, and the Internet in both urban and rural areas,” it added.
Deloitte India senior director Anis Chakravarty said: “As policies start to take shape, it will be critical to take advantage of the demographic dividend, not just through the creation of jobs and employment, but also by developing a clear roadmap to navigate tough economic reforms”.
Automobile and Pharmaceuticals would be other key sectors to drive growth, the consultancy said.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Gold dips further on renewed selling; silver extends lossesGold dips further on renewed selling; silver extends losses
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
After a modest rebound over the weekend, gold prices dropped again at the domestic bullion market today following fresh bouts of profit—taking as well as poor local buying support in the face of bearish overseas sentiment.
Silver, on the other hand, continued its uninterrupted downtrend amid sluggish industrial demand.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) declined by Rs 80 to end at Rs 25,985 per 10 grams from last Saturday’s closing level of Rs 26,065.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) shed by Rs 85 to finish at Rs 26,130 per 10 grams compared to Rs 26,215 previously.
Silver (.999 fineness) dropped by Rs 120 to conclude at Rs 36,850 per kg against the weekend level of Rs 36,970.
Last week, the yellow metal lost over 4.58 per cent to hit a 15—month low, while silver slumped more than 6 per cent.
Globally, the shiny metal remained under intense selling pressure, stretching its losing streak to a fourth session on the back of upbeat US macro data as well as stronger dollar which hit a four—year peak against major currencies, hurting bullion’s appeal as a hedge.
Spot gold was bid lower at $1,172.26 an ounce during the European morning trade, while silver was bid at $16.09 an ounce.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

At least 24 migrants die as boat capsizesNovember 3, 2014 1:02 pm
At least 24 migrants killed as boat capsizes near Istanbul
Daniel Dombey – Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/30b65fa2-6355-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rajasthan University V-Cs resignation accepted  but students want him tostayPrint
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: November 3, 2014 8:00 pm
Rajasthan University Vice-Chancellor Dev Swarup’s resignation was on Monday afternoon accepted by Governor Kalyan Singh. The Governor directed the Vasundhara Raje government to appoint Divisional Commissioner Hanuman Singh Bhati to take charge of the university till a new V-C is selected. Minutes after the resignation was accepted, massive demonstrations were held on the university campus by students protesting against the move. The students demanded Swarup’s retention and threatened bigger protests if he vacates the post.
Swarup had met Singh on Sunday and offered to resign citing Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh pressure and lack of cooperation by the government nominees in the Syndicate in the working of the university. Swarup had alleged that the Syndicate members, mostly RSS pracharaks, had held up the budget, thereby paralysing the disbursement of salaries and pensions.
Responding to the allegations, faculty and Syndicate member Anil Bansal told The Indian Express, “We have been opposing the V-C because he has blatantly flouted rules be it in the appointments made by him, the affiliations to new colleges granted by him or the allotment of new examination centers. He made all the appointments in such haste and did not even wait for the government’s approval. We want to know what was the tearing hurry? We have demanded an investigation by the Anti-Corruption Bureau or the Central Bureau of Investigation. If the V-C is honest, he should be able to come out clean in the inquiries. He was appointed by the previous Congress government and as long as the Syndicate members were Congress nominees who alllowed him a free hand, he was happy.”
Bansal alleged that Swarup did not wait for the budget to be approved by the finance committee and instead used his casting vote to draw funds. Asked if he belonged to the RSS cadre, Bansal admitted that he is a worker but not a ‘pracharak’. “Pracharaks are full-time dedicated workers. I teach in the university. Even if I do belong to the RSS what difference does it make? The RSS never gets involved in such things. I can pledge that the RSS did not build any pressure or interfere in the working of the university. As conscious individuals we are concerned at the irregularities committed by the V-C.”
Swarup retorted, “The said teacher has no moral authority and credibility to make such statements. He has no contribution to the university and has been a destructive element. He is one of those who does not turn up for his own classes and instead runs a coaching center.”
Sources in the university said that all the six government nominees in the Syndicate are RSS pracharaks and active designated members. The slugfest between Swarup and the Syndicate has embarassed the Vasundhara Raje government that has been aiming to maintain a fair public image and not get associated with the RSS.
Swarup, who was appointed to the post in July last year, had over 20 months of tenure left. Ever since he took up the responsibility last year, the university has seen the appointment of 241 teachers continued…

http://usat.ly/1qmbvwCStocks retreat from record territory; oil drops
Market indexes are retreating from record territory Monday.
Post to Facebook
Stocks retreat from record territory; oil drops Market indexes are retreating from record territory Monday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1x1gAPX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
8
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Stocks retreat from record territory; oil drops
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve winter weather Black Friday the Fed Gas prices IMac Zynga Alibaba discretionary industrials OPEC's Activision USA today key stocks Biotech France Capitol Hill Europe China's America's
November is the start of the what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  November is here those three words are music to investors'
00:04  ears. IMac France I USA today. November the arrival means that
00:12  gut wrenching right of October's finally over. They'll never kicks off
00:16  with historically. A very post time for the US stock market.
00:20  November is the second best performing month the past twenty years
00:24  the eleventh month. Also starts the sixth best six month period
00:28  going back in 1950. Expect another interest in November the Dow
00:33  and SP 500 are back at record highs and the month
00:37  hasn't even started yet. Here are five things investors need to
00:41  know about November. Number one risks remain. Never ever has lots
00:46  of things going for it but investors still have to contend
00:49  with risks. This is the first month in two years that
00:52  the Federal Reserve won't be pumping billions of dollars into the
00:56  markets. Now there's a chance the Fed might even raise rates
00:59  next year the congressional elections in the impact on Capitol Hill
01:03  could sway markets do. Economic conditions in Europe also remained weak
01:08  and then there's the uncertainty surrounding the Islamic state in domestic
01:11  terrorism. It looks shoppers show up for the kick after the
01:14  holiday shopping season on Thanksgiving. Number two. Positioning is key stocks
01:21  and sectors closely linked to an economy that is consumer discretionary
01:25  industrials and materials. Are poised to win in November. These stocks
01:29  and do best as investors stop thinking about protecting their portfolios
01:33  from downside it's shift to look for growth. The fact it's
01:37  an election year could make the Russian this cyclical stocks even
01:40  stronger. Three tech stock funds should stay high. Tech stocks have
01:45  traditionally they're well in winter weather the old rule of thumb
01:48  mr. Biotech stocks in November in Salant. Consumers intend to buy
01:53  electronics during the holidays and companies opera buy new equipment in
01:57  the first and second quarters but this winter could be different.
02:00  Well because the tech sector already done so well. Number four
02:06  hourly baba singles day key for attack. Alibaba grabbed headlines of
02:10  this IPO in mid September but now's the time for it
02:13  to deliver the Chinese e-commerce companies face in the big. Pass
02:17  on Wall Street and the rubber for as its first public
02:20  earnings call for the second quarter. Listen for what the company
02:24  says about China's version of Black Friday November 11. Activision. And
02:29  Zynga are there tax in the spotlight as they report earnings.
02:33  Five lower energy prices likely to stay. Gas prices have slipped
02:37  off warrior hello and are down 17%. From June levels. So
02:41  why is OPEC's though fine with that. Columnist rich Regan says
02:45  OPEC will likely not this production when it meets this month
02:49  and the reason is simple. America's energy alternatives are becoming far
02:53  to go. You're gonna get a feel of market moving news
02:56  in November iMac France and USA today.
William Cummings , USA TODAY 7:48 p.m. EST November 3, 2014
Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Photo: Richard Drew, AP)
39 CONNECT 89 TWEET 11 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks pulled back slightly from record territory Monday as oil prices tumbled more than 2% to below $79 a barrel.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 24.28, or 0.1% to 17,366.24 and the S&P  500 dipped 0.24, or less than 0.1%, to 2017.81 -- both ducking below respective closing highs set Friday.
The Nasdaq composite rose 8.17 points, or 0.2% to 4638.91, staying at a 14½-year high.
The energy sector took a hit as the price of oil continued to drop. Benchmark U.S. crude fell $1.76 to $78.78 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
The mixed performance Monday came as investors take a wait-and-see approach on economic news set for later this week, including the latest government report on monthly job gains and the unemployment rate.
The midterm congressional vote -- just a day away -- may be causing more suspense as well. Wall Street is watching to see if the Republicans can take back the Senate from the Democrats and gain full control of Congress. That would produce a Pennsylvania Avenue power equation -- a Republican-led Congress dealing with a Democratic president -- that's historically favorable for investors, says Sam Stovall of S&P Capital IQ.

HSBC Sets Aside $378 Million for Currency ProbeThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Basketball  Flopping  Put To The Test By Researchers OverseasThe NBA's regular season kicked off Tuesday night, and already players are being accused of "flopping"  -- with fingers pointing at Charlotte Hornets' Lance Stephenson , San Antonio Spurs' Tim Duncan and Indiana Pacers' Roy Hibbert , among others.
What's flopping? That's when a player exaggerates the effects of physical contact from an opposing player in an attempt to trick the referee into calling a foul . (Just check out the slideshow at the bottom of this article.)
But does flopping pay off? Not if you believe the results of a new study conducted in Israel. It suggests that most flops fail to fool the referee . What's more, it seems that players who flop actually harm their teams' chances of winning.
For the study, the researchers gathered 501 video-recorded incidents of flopping in Israeli Basketball Super League games and showed them to dozens of professional coaches and referees. Some of the experts were asked whether each incident of physical contact was intentional or not while others were asked to determine how a referee should respond. The researchers then compared how the experts called each play to what actually happened in the game.
What did the researchers find? When it came to flopping, not many of the referees in the actual game nor the experts in the study were fooled.
"Overall, the player is barely able to mislead the official and draw the offensive foul with a flop successfully in less than 10 percent of the time," Elia Morgulev, a Ph.D. candidate at the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev and the study's lead author, said in a written statement. "In the other 90 percent, the flopping player is simply left lying on the ground, leaving his team with four active defenders instead of five while the game goes on. Our methodical analyses of game outcomes in those cases reveal that flopping does more harm than good from the defending team perspective."
The NBA has acknowledged that flopping is a problem. In 2012 the league enacted an anti-flopping rule , and Stu Jackson, the NBA's executive vice president of basketball operations at the time, said in a written statement that "flops have no place in our game -- they either fool referees into calling undeserved fouls or fool fans into thinking the referees missed a foul call."
The study was published in the June 2014 edition of the Journal of Economic Behavior and Organization .
Also on HuffPost:

US becomes partner for Vibrant GujaratSummitPrint
By: Express News Service | Gandhinagar | Posted: November 3, 2014 8:28 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 8:32 pm
The United States on Monday became the 8th partner country for Vibrant Gujarat Global Investor Summit 2015. So far it had refrained itself from previous editions of biennial business event given the diplomatic visa ban on former CM Narendra Modi invoked in 2005 for alleged violation of religious rights during 2002 communal riots.
The Gujarat Government has taken the economical giant on board when only two months are to go for seventh edition of three-day event to be inaugurated on January 11 by Modi, now PM at Gandhinagar.
“We are a partner country now”, said a senior official from US commercial service department that is handling the issue from its Ahmedabad office.
Chief Minister Anandiben Patel also on Monday in a letter to US Ambassador Kathleen Stephens accepted their expression of interest to become a partner. Last week, Stephens had in an official email to Patel tendered apologies for delay in joining as partner country and formally expressed intention in this regard. That was first official correspondence by US.
Stephen was extended an invitation by Patel in August during her maiden visit to Gujarat. Besides, her predecessor Nancy Powell was also extended a similar invitation by then CM Modi in February 2014. Powell had paid a courtesy visit to Modi after he was selected Prime Ministerial candidate by the BJP. The first official correspondence came two weeks after US consular general Thomas Vajda during his Gujarat visit had made an announcement in this regard while talking to media. .
Japan, Australia, Canada, Great Britain, Netherlands, Singapore and South Africa are already on board.,
“US is the eighth country to join VGGIS as partner”, said Gujarat Government spokesperson and health minister Nitin Patel. It will have a booth in Vibrant Gujarat Trade Show and will present a country seminar in the summit.
The members of US India Business and CEOs of Fortune 500 companies will also be taking part, said spokesperson.
Stephens in her letter last week had also expressed possibility of strengthening business ties by inviting Indian and Gujarat government officials for training in labour workforce and skill development with Manufacturing Extension Partnership under department of Commerce.
Modi, who following visa ban could not make a US trip during his 13-year-long tenure as Gujarat CM, in September made a first tour as PM. There he had also met CEOs of fortune 500 countries. These CEOs are expected to attend the summit, which so far has seen participation by captains of India Inc in big number.

http://usat.ly/1A4J67Q14 stocks are gold mines this month
By: Matt Krantz November 3, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Credit: Matt Stroshane, Disney
So you sold in May and stayed away: Now it’s November. It’s time to say yes to stocks, according to market historians. There’s even a group of stocks that especially tend to flourish during November.
There are 14 stocks in the Standard & Poors’ 500, including Rockwell Automation (ROK) , Monsanto (MON) and Walt Disney (DIS) that have beaten the market each and every November the past five years straight, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ.
November is one of the months that put investors in the buying mood. Typically, the month of November kicks off what’s a bullish period for stocks. Last November stocks rose 2.8%, setting them up for what was a strong first few months of the year in 2014. True, assuming you can just buy stocks in November and turn a profit is a mistake. The S&P 500 inched higher by 0.3% in November 2012, but lost 0.5% in November 2011 and 0.2% in November 2010.
But there are some stocks that have been big-time champs in November five years going. And get this: 13 of the 14 stocks still have some upside before hitting their 18-month average analyst price targets.
The biggest November winner is Rockwell Automation. Shares of the company, which makes a variety of industrial automation gear, has soared by 7.5% on average over the past five Novembers. Investors are perhaps reacting to the company’s historically strongest quarter of the year for profit: The third quarter, which Rockwell reports in November. Rockwell is due to report results for its third quarter on Nov. 12.
Here’s a stock that wins in November and anlysts see upside: Agilent Technologies (A) . The life-sciences research firm, has gained 6.1% on average over the past five Novembers. And analysts see 15.3% upside before the stock hits its 18-month price target of $63.67. The stock closed Friday at $55.23.
Disney, too, reports the results of its traditionally strong summer quarter in November. The company is due to report its results on Thursday. And the company has been easily topping estimates lately.
Who knows if these favorite stocks of November can keep their streak going? But the big gains these stocks have generated in the past are a reminder of what’s a stake for investors who sold in May and are looking to get back in.
S&P 500 STOCKS THAT BEAT THE MARKET IN EACH AND EVERY OF THE PAST FIVE NOVEMBERS
Company

US Construction Spending Falls 0.4 Percent in September  Second Straight Monthly DropThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

US Stocks Open Little Changed After Record RunThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Pisani s market open: Gold stocks higherpisani s market open: gold stocks higher
Tribune Publishing names former WSJ executive as chief revenue officerFormer WSJ exec to head Tribune sales efforts
Michael Rooney
Michael Rooney, Tribune Publishing's chief revenue officer.
Michael Rooney, Tribune Publishing's chief revenue officer. (Kreg Holt)
Newspapers Media Industry Tribune Publishing Jack Griffin ESPN Tribune Media
Tribune Publishing hires former WSJ exec Michael Rooney as first chief revenue officer
Tribune Publishing has named veteran media sales executive Michael Rooney to the newly created position of chief revenue officer, the company announced Monday.
Rooney, who most recently served as chief revenue officer for The Wall Street Journal, will head up national sales and marketing efforts for Tribune Publishing beginning Nov. 10. He will be based out of New York and will report to Tribune Publishing CEO Jack Griffin.
  Open link
"We are privileged to have someone of Michael's expertise and stature join the company as our first-ever chief revenue officer," Griffin said in a statement. "Michael is a proven and well-recognized leader with a significant track record of helping companies diversify their portfolio and grow their revenue base."
The appointment of Rooney fills the void left by Bob Fleck, Tribune Publishing's former executive vice president of advertising, who shifted last week to become publisher and general manager of 38 suburban Chicago newspapers bought for the Chicago Tribune Media Group from the rival Sun-Times Media.
The new position of chief revenue officer reflects Rooney's broader responsibilities, and the importance of developing and diversifying revenue under Griffin. Rooney will look to boost declining national advertising revenues for Chicago-based Tribune Publishing, which includes the Chicago Tribune, Los Angeles Times and eight other daily newspapers. Tribune Publishing spun off from Tribune Media in August as a stand-alone, publicly traded company.
The legacy media is dying.
Duke71
1
"These wonderful assets that are part of Tribune Publishing have very local opportunities obviously, but national opportunities as well," said Rooney, 61. "Let's roll all these up and see what the potential is for us to serve advertisers — that's my responsibility — across multiple platforms."
Last year, national advertising fell 14 percent to about $214 million across Tribune Publishing, according to financial statements. National advertising is down nearly 10 percent through the first six months of 2014, with third quarter earnings due to be reported Wednesday.
As chief revenue officer for The Wall Street Journal, Rooney oversaw advertising sales development across multiple platforms during his seven-year tenure. He left last year to travel across North America with his wife in a camper van, earning a bon voyage tweet of gratitude from Rupert Murdoch, executive chairman of Wall Street Journal publisher News Corp.
Before arriving at The Wall Street Journal in 2007, Rooney held various sales and marketing positions with ESPN, where he helped to launch ESPN The Magazine. Previously, he was magazine publisher at Field & Stream, Outdoor Life, Discover and Men's Health.
While acknowledging the challenges of marketing Tribune Publishing's portfolio of regional newspapers, Rooney said "adding them all up" gives you a national footprint with significant advertising upside.
"It's more challenging because it's under different brands, but it has the advantage of being stronger in specific markets," Rooney said. "I look at this and see as great an opportunity as anything I've had to sell nationally before, with concentrations in different markets."
Last week's acquisition of suburban Chicago newspapers opened the door to Rooney's arrival. He is hoping more such acquisitions will broaden the footprint and strengthen Tribune Publishing's national advertising sales prospects going forward.
"I think these are exciting times," Rooney said. "I look forward to working with what we've got, and trying to plan on future ones that help this company grow as well."

India condemns Wagah terror attackIndia condemns Wagah terror attack
Now  inherited Swiss bank accounts come under lensHi Guest
Now, inherited Swiss bank accounts come under lens
Accounts inherited from family members as also from previously-constituted trusts or companies have come to the fore in a big way, as India seeks further details from Switzerland about those suspected to have 'unaccounted' wealth parked in the Swiss banks. Hundreds of individuals and entities, including 627 names mentioned in a list submitted by the government to the Supreme Court, are facing probe for allegedly having black money in foreign banks including in a Swiss branch of HSBC bank. While ...

India  US to work for Asia  Africa developmentIndia  US to work for Asia  Africa development
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh to attend third Interpol Ministerial Meeting and General AssemblyUnion Home Minister Rajnath Singh to attend third Interpol Ministerial Meeting and General Assembly
A2Z Maintenance and Engineering ServicesCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Yuya Shino / Reutersyuya shino / reuters
Twitter reactions to Apple s CEO Tim Cook coming outTwitter reactions to Apple's CEO Tim Cook coming out
Caption Slate
See more galleries
Apple CEO Tim Cook came out as gay on Thursday in an article he wrote in Bloomberg Businessweek. "I'm proud to be gay, and I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me," Cook said. The accompanying tweets are only a handful making their rounds in the Twitterverse. Twitter
This photo gallery is featured in these articles:

How SpendOut aims to support customers in the sharing economyHow SpendOut aims to support customers in the sharing economy
How SpendOut aims to support customers in the sharing economy
Mihir Patel, product manager at SpendOut, an expense-tracking tool for users of Uber, Airbnb and similar platforms, discusses the company's name change from Texthog. He also discusses rebranding and customer support.
Mihir Patel, product manager at SpendOut, an expense-tracking tool for users of Uber, Airbnb and similar platforms, discusses the company's name change from Texthog. He also discusses rebranding and customer support.

How to Max Your Halloween Candy HaulHow to max your Halloween candy haul
Molly Blake TODAY contributor
Email
Laura Greene / AP
Jayden White, left, and Breshahn White are greeted by High Point University freshmen Taylor Crimi and Emily Venditt as they go door to door trick-or- treating at the Wanek Center on the campus of High Point University Thursday, Oct. 30, 3014.
To come home with the biggest bag of candy this Halloween, you've got to be willing to be a little devil.
Ava Ramsdale has a game plan in place for Halloween’s main event.  Never mind that her mom was still hunting for her costume accessories at the 11th hour, 10-year old Ramsdale knows exactly which Palo Alto, California doorbell she will ring first.
“There’s a lady who works for Yahoo,” said Ramsdale, a 4th grader. “She gives out the full size boxes of candy.”
“Like the ones you get at the movies,” said Ramsdale, holding her hands up to show exactly how big.
NextDoor
NextDoor's trick-or-treat-mapping app.
“I need to go there,” said her friend Helen, her eyes widening. “Seriously.”
Besides targeting high-powered executives in this day and age there must be a high-tech trick or treating tactic to ensure an overflowing pillowcase.
Lynn Felter, a mother of three boys, says no.
“There’s actually a trick or treating app,” said Felter referring to Nextdoor’s Neighborhood Treat app that shows whether a home is offering candy or not, “but my boys are too busy sprinting from house to house to stop and look at their phones.”
Kimberly Toppel‘s daughter is going for speed as well. Dressed as a zombie, she plans on running from house to house in her Louisville, KY neighborhood in order to gather the most candy. Connecticut mom Molly Smith says her boys, who are dressing as two bananas and a grim reaper, swear by zigzagging. “They cover more ground that way,” she said.
Others, like Amy Cronan, mother of two, take the trick part a tad more literally.
Molly Smith
Connecticut Boys Carter and Hayden Smith sort and graph their Halloween candy haul in this photo from 2013.
As a child growing up in North Carolina, Cronan would periodically dump her candy in her brother’s treat bag making it appear, to unsuspecting neighbors, that the pig-tailed, pink unicorn’s bag was frightfully empty.
“They felt sorry for me,” said Cronan, who, along with her accomplice, hauled in gobs of candy year after year. She also sheepishly admits to returning home and changing into a California Raisin costume, “because it covered my face,” and hitting the streets for round two.
“I only did that once,” said the Marine Corps spouse.
Urban candy hunters must get crafty too.
Mike Avila, a TV producer in New York City, carefully selects a favorable apartment building, “typically one with a doorman and at least 25 floors.”
Because of the sheer numbers of doors to knock on, “the odds are in your favor to score a huge haul,” said Avila.
From there, Avila and his two daughters, 15-month old Talia and 4-year old Alexia, head home and ride the elevator up to the top floor of their Upper West Side building and work their way down.
“We take the stairs to get ahead of the crowds,” said Avila.
In any case, the real winners are, of course, the parents. Especially when they add a touch of the mischievous spirit of the season.
Stephanie Himel-Nelson hopes her neighbors will fall in love with her “adorable 10-month old dressed as a turtle,” and hand out candy proportionate to the toothless turtle’s cuteness.
“I plan on raiding his bag after I put him to bed,” said Himel-Nelson.
If that’s not bad enough, Vishwa Chandra, aSan Francisco-based consultant, takes his two fluffy white dogs, dressed as Batman and Robin, trick or treating. Just he, his wife and their dogs hit the streets. 
When they return, loot in hand, Chandra said, “I take one for the team and polish off their haul.” It's okay, he said, because "dogs can't eat candy."
(Don't know what to do with all that candy once you've got it? Here's 7 ways to turn your leftover goodies into over-the-top treats .)
Molly Blake is a California-based freelance writer. Find her online at  mollyblake.com .
Tags:

Potato farming: India makes a hash of itDespite the toil Lack of inputs has taken its toll on potato farming KAMAL NARANG
Output data is unreliable, which leaves us unprepared for shortages. And, farming practices are primitive
The price of potatoes is once again moving up, largely due to the demand-supply gap in the market-place. The National Agricultural Cooperative Marketing Federation of India (Nafed) that was asked by the Ministry of Civil Supplies to explore the possibility of importing potatoes from Russia, China and Egypt, procured 3,500 tonnes of potatoes for Orissa in July. It is now is in the process of importing more potatoes, especially for the eastern States, after West Bengal’s Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee started restricting potato trucks bound for Orissa, Andhra Pradesh, Jharkhand and Assam.
How did India, which has been a net exporter of potatoes to neighbouring countries such as Pakistan and Sri Lanka, turn into an importer with a shortage of potatoes?
Faulty figures
Government estimates of supplies especially during the last two seasons are faulty, according to those in the trade. As agricultural commodities grow into modern supply-chain driven mass consumption products, the lack of authentic supply data can be crippling, leading to price volatility that hurts large bulk consumers as well as households. The problem could worsen with more food processing centres, proposed by the Government, because the capacity to process agricultural produce would improve without supplies being reliable.
National Horticulture Board (NHB) data says India produced 45 million tonnes of potatoes in 2012-13 — nearly 10 per cent more than what it produced last year. According to Prakash Lohia, a chemical engineer from IIT-Delhi who manages Vegit Foods, one of India’s largest farm-to-retail potato businesses, the key culprit could be the lack of authentic data.
“There is no scientific method of proving the authenticity of this data,” says Lohia who has invested in tissue culture of the crop, warehousing, food processing and retail. The current method of collecting data is through the horticulture department officers right down to the block level who estimate the crop yield in a very rudimentary and unscientific way and collate it manually. The data is obtained from different States; there is no common, certified, standardised procedure of data gathering.
Traders say production of potatoes has dropped in Uttar Pradesh by 10 per cent and in West Bengal by 20 per cent, which contradicts government data.
NHB data shows that Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal have historically produced nearly two-thirds of India’s potato crop, and Bihar around 15 per cent. NHB reported increased potato crop in Uttar Pradesh over the past two years and a sharp drop in West Bengal during 2011-12, although that was partially reversed in 2012-13.
Surprisingly its data shows potato arrivals at Kolkata mandi from January to December 2013 at only 37,626 mt — just a tenth of the arrivals at Delhi and Mumbai and less than a fifth of the arrivals at Bangalore and Pune. How did the populous cities in the Gangetic belt manage during the later months? The absence of proper data, and hence the lack of preparedness, could lead to a major potato shortfall this year, affecting prices to the retail consumer and the B2B segment.
Insufficient information
Apart from data there is a huge lack of know-how, technology and resource inputs in the area of potato culture which accounts for nearly 28 per cent of India’s vegetable crop. All over the world, potato is grown in multiple varieties in at least three categories: one for the consumer, one for industrial use and one for commercial use by snack producers. Only in India is the same variety used for all three purposes. And, it is not only the USDA that accurately measures its potato crop annually; developing countries such as Peru and Brazil which are major producers of the Canchan variety of the tuber, popular for French fries, have also perfected their data outputs for use-based production.
Apart from data management there are other areas where India must improve its solutions to ensure low prices for retail consumers and food processing.
India lacks the right appliances for mass farming (though India’s manufacturing sector is adequately advanced) probably because farm sizes are small. Tractor manufacturers are not investing enough in bringing to India the latest agricultural tools commonly used for automation in farming.
Our current agronomic practices are also pretty primitive and yield is low. Large-scale investment is needed in drip irrigation systems for farming, especially in tubular crops like potato which need less water to grow.
Without these improvements the country will have to depend on sporadic imports that often have fungal issues like black dot, brown rot and other defects that are not visible. So the cost to consumer and the nation’s import bill keeps rising.
The writer is a freelance journalist
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

How to read the Dow Jones ups and downsNovember 3, 2014 5:57 am
How to read the Dow Jones ups and downs
Mohamed El-Erian
Three possible explanations have differing market implications
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3aad5a1c-5f7f-11e4-a882-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No foreign countries filed amicus briefs in ZivotofskyWith Zivotofsky v. Kerry being argued today — a case allegedly freighted with great foreign policy consequences — it is useful to consider what foreign countries are actually saying about it. Peter Spiro has noted how little amicus support the government’s position ha s, particularly the absence of briefs from former diplomats. (I co-authored an amicus brief supporting the petitioner.)
What is even more surprising is the absence of amicus briefs by foreign governments. F oreign countries regularly file amicus briefs in cases in which they have a direct interest, or even a more general interest . Such briefs have featured in several important recent foreign affairs ( Medellin v. Texas ) and constitutional cases (like Roper v. Simmons ).
If the government’s framing of the issue is correct, one would think Zivotofsky would occasion such a brief. It ostensibly involves authority over recognizing sovereigns, with an underlying dispute about sovereignty over Jerusalem. If thus understood as being in part about sovereignty ( which it should not be ), one would think interested parties – the Palestinian National Authority, the Hashemite Kingdom, the Organization of Islamic States, or the Arab League, individually or collectively, would file an amicus brief insisting on their position. Indeed, the Executive’s assertions of negative foreign policy consequences seem fanciful given — ginned up to resist legitimate legislation that he (sort of) disagrees with — given that no foreign entity could be found to write an amicus brief.
Perhaps foreign countries understand that this is not actually a case about the international legal status of Jerusalem, but rather about technical internal arrangements of the U.S. government . Also, they may wish to not overstate the issue’s importance ex ante, in case Zivotofsky wins. In such an event, Arab states are unlikely to cry foul, because they would have to acknowledge that a major power recognizes Jerusalem as part of Israel. Rather, they would prefer to say the ruling means nothing about the status of Jerusalem, and will continue to hold up the Executive’s formal position as being that of the U.S. That way they can continue to claim that even the U.S. does not recognize Western Jerusalem as part of Israel.
To be sure, the Court should not read too much into amicus briefs, let alone their absence. But to the extent it has noted the filings of interested foreign governments in the past, it is worthwhile noting their absence here.
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

Market surge: More Rs 1 lakh crore giants created in India Inc; Maruti Suzuki biggest gainerMarket Outlook: Mkts may see profit-booking; inflation, IIP data eyed
With its shares rising 3 per cent on Friday, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd (MSIL) became the 20th company to join the Rs 1 lakh crore market capitalisation club.
Amidst the market surge of 24 per cent over the last six months, four companies — Axis Bank, NTPC, HCL Technologies and MSIL — have witnessed their market capitalisation cross the Rs 1 lakh crore mark during the period.
During the same period, four other companies — Infosys, HDFC Bank, State Bank of India and Coal India — hit the Rs 2 lakh crore market cap mark.
TCS, meanwhile, became the first company in India to cross the Rs 5 lakh crore mark.
In the list of 20 stocks, Maruti Suzuki India Ltd has been the biggest gainer in the six month period as its stock has jumped 74 per cent while its market cap stood at Rs 1,00,845 crore as on Friday.
The second biggest gainer was Axis Bank which witnessed a jump of 45 per cent in its stock price during the same period.
Market capitalisation

Giving RTI info the e-way: Supreme Court asks Centre  states to decideelectronic
(The plea has referred to…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today asked the Centre and all the states to take a decision on a plea seeking setting up of a mechanism to provide information under the Right to Information (RTI) Act through "electronic" means.
"It appears the petitioner has filed the representations with the authorities. It seems, as of now, no decision has been taken. We direct the respondents (states and UTs) to take a decision within three weeks," a bench comprising Chief Justice H L Dattu and Justice A K Sikri said.
Disposing of a PIL filed by Madhya Pradesh-based lawyer Rajeev Agrawal in his personal capacity, the bench said the plea be treated as a representation by the states and Union Territories and a decision be taken within three weeks.
The plea, filed through lawyer Amit Kumar, had sought a direction to all the states and the UTs to create "centralised RTI websites for submission of RTI requests" and allow online filing of appeals and payment of fees by using Internet in respect of every public authority of the government under the transparency law.
It had also sought directions to the states and others for constituting "call centre as voice facilitation centre for filing RTI applications and appeals over the phone" on the lines of action taken by Bihar government.
The plea has referred to certain provisions of the RTI Act which provides that a person can make a request "in writing or through electronic means" for getting information from the authorities under the Act.
"The non-implementation of mandatory provisions of the RTI Act is resulting in violation of fundamental rights of the citizens guaranteed under Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution of India," the plea said.
In most of the states, UTs and State Information Commission, there is no provision of receiving the application through electronic means, it said.
"It is unfortunate that even after nine (9) years of enactment of the RTI Act, the mandate contained in section 6(1) read with section 4 and 26(3)(c) has not yet seen the light of day till date in almost all of the states of India," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Homelands best episode in yearsClaire Danes plays Carrie Mathison in “Homeland.” (Didier Baverel/Showtime)
This post discusses the Nov. 2 episode of “Homeland”: “From A to B and Back Again.”
“You have a real gift for this,” Tasneem (Nimrat Kaur), the Pakistani agent who is blackmailing Dennis Boyd (Mark Moses), tells him when he turns over the evidence that Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes), the new CIA station chief in Pakistan, is using psychiatric medication. “I guess everybody’s good at something,” Dennis tells her.
The reason Dennis is good at stealing information from desks and snooping through trash is that he is desperate and more than a little bit destroyed himself. And “Homeland” has always had at its core the idea that what makes a person useful in the covert, often nasty world of intelligence are also the things that risk destroying not only operations but also the asset’s life. For Carrie, that has been her mental illness and her ability to forge profound connections to sources; these help her see and learn things that no one else can but also render her emotionally vulnerable and unable to pull back.
“From A to B and Back Again,” in which Carrie’s hope that she can both use Aayan (Suraj Sharma) and protect him is violently disappointed, is the strongest, clearest explication of this idea that “Homeland” has put in a long time, maybe ever.
The episode reveals that, much like Carrie’s feigning of a resurgence of mental illness with a dedication that landed her in the hospital last season, her affair with Aayan has been marked by clear strategic thinking as well as a genuine emotional attachment that enabled her to get valuable information from him. After giving him a passport and walking-around money, she staged the watcher at Aayan’s university housing and an attack on the safe house so he would run to his uncle.
Carrie’s lecture to Fara (Nazanin Boniadi) after Carrie sets Aayan on the run may be unfair, but she is not entirely wrong.
“You know what I’d like to hear from you for once? I’d like to hear how you can help our effort, our collective f—— effort to make our country safe. Do you think you could manage that?” she demands of the younger woman, who may disapprove of Carrie’s methods but has not found a more effective alternative to them or taken on the ugly work herself. “You know what else, actually, while we’re on the subject? If you, or Quinn, or you and Quinn have problems with what I’ve done with the boy, none of it would have been necessary if you’d just done your job. You were supposed to recruit him. I had to go in after you f—– that up.”
Fara and Quinn (Rupert Friend) find Carrie’s methods distasteful, yet those methods produce a closeness that allows her to ask sources to do risky things and enables her to make good operational calls that would be impossible for others.
“No way he’s prepped for this,” Redmond (Michael O’Keefe) tells Carrie as they watch via drone as Aayan faces an unexpected checkpoint. “No. But I know him. He’s resourceful,” Carrie tells him. And she is right. Aayan bribes his way out of the potential disaster and continues on to his uncle. Later, after Carrie has to tell Aayan she loves him to keep him on the line, she wants to know what Redmond, a reluctant convert to her leadership, thinks.
“When you came back from DC, we all thought Hassiam Haqqani was dead,” Redmond tells her. “Now we’re about to get him for real. You made that happen. I guess that’s what I think. Mostly, anyway.”
When Haqqani (Numan Acar) evades them again, it is not because of Carrie but rather because of Haqqani’s cleverness: He uses Saul (Mandy Patinkin) as a human shield and, knowing the CIA is watching, shoots Aayan. Carrie, who tried to call in a drone strike even at the cost of Saul and Aayan’s lives, and Haqqani, in executing his nephew, show a clarity and unsentimentality that “Homeland” itself failed to exhibit in the show’s first season, when the showrunners decided to keep Nicholas Brody (Damian Lewis) alive.
“Homeland” has a structural problem: At the beginning of each season, it must undermine our faith in Carrie and diminish our pleasure in her company so that we, along with her colleagues, will be surprised by her latest gambit. But for the first time in a long time, “Homeland” pulled off a reveal that made the irritation seem worth it, one that explored the benefits and dreadful potential costs of Carrie’s approach to her job with a clarity that is both terrible and terribly exciting.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

New mobile technology for higher securityNew mobile technology for higher security
Venkatesh Ganesh
Tweet
Bangalore, Oct 3:  
ConsulSys India has brought a new mobile technology to India that aims to bring in higher security to your mobile devices.
Called M.A.D or mobile active defence, it will offer a feature or a smartphone access to security to enterprises or individuals. The solution intends to make using security on mbile phones simpler without bogging down phone speeds, according to Consulsys officials. If a company is looking to implement this solution within its enterprise, it can use this solution, without having to redesign new sets of rules or throwing away existing security solutions. “Researchers have shown that all major commercial anti virus vendors can be easily bypassed with simple changes in code,” said Sundaram Prabhu, Chairman and CEO, ConsulSys India. With M.A.D, a user cannot bypass the security put in the mobile device as the solution is implemented centrally - either on the cloud or in company premise. “If a person changes their mobile device, M.A.D deactivates everything and gets him back into the system as and when needed,” added Prabhu.
Solutions like this are coming up due to a number of cyber security attacks that are happening globally. A spate of recent data breaches at companies such as JPMorgan Chase, Home Depot, and Target has caused concerns regarding the effectiveness of information security. According to recent survey by the Ponemon Institute showed the average cost of cyber crime for US retail stores more than doubled from 2013 to $8.6 million per company in 2014. Further, the annual average cost per company of successful cyber attacks increased to $20.8 million in financial services, $14.5 million in the technology sector, and $12.7 million in communications industries, added the report.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Telangana firms up supply of 1000 MW from ChhattisgarhTelangana firms up supply of 1000 MW from Chhattisgarh
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 3:  
The Telangana Government has made arrangement for supply of 1000 MW of power from the power-surplus State of Chhattisgarh.
A memorandum of understanding was entered into between by S.K.Joshi and Aman Singh, Principal Secretary Energy of Telangana and Chhattisgarh governments in the presence of Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao and his Chhattisgarh counterpart Raman Singh in Raipur today.
As per the memorandum, Chhattisgarh is expected to supply power from Madwa Thermal power project located in Janjgir-Champa district now under construction and expected to be commissioned by March next.
It was also decided that a power purchase agreement would be entered into between the two states and the tariff for purchase is likely to be fixed by the Electricity Regulatory Commission.
While the memorandum provides for supply of 1000 MW to Telangana, the State is hoping to seek more power from Chhattisgarh.
The Power Grid Corporation of India Limited is making necessary arrangement to set up an evacuation line from Chhatisgarh to Telangana. Till such time the new line to evacuate power is developed, it is proposed to get power via Maharashtra line.
During the meeting, Rao, while thanking his counterpart sought his support in providing another 1000 MW of power to the State, which is currently faced with huge demand-supply mismatch.
The Chief Minister said that a letter has been written to the Union Power Minister Piyush Goyal requesting the Centre to develop a new transmission line to facilitate supply of power to Telangana.
During the meeting, both the Chief Ministers also decided to cooperate in irrigation projects, including Inchampalli project on Godavari river on the border between the two States.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Brittany Maynard: Unusual but not uniqueBy Ariana Eunjung Cha November 3 Follow @arianaeunjung
FILE - This undated file photo provided by the Maynard family shows Brittany Maynard. (AP Photo/Maynard Family, File)
Brittany Maynard, the 29-year-old whose viral video reignited the national debate over patients' right to die, ended her own life on Saturday. She's one of more than 750 people who have died from a lethal dose of drugs prescribed under Oregon's Death with Dignity law since it was enacted in 1998. Time magazine has a very smart "by-the-numbers" graphic with information about how these laws work in the five states that have passed them and who chooses to use them.
Brittany Maynard, a 29-year-old terminally ill woman suffering from brain cancer, ended her life Sunday in Oregon. Maynard was diagnosed in January with a brain tumor and said she planned to take prescribed medication to die when her pain became unbearable. A nonprofit group called Compassion and Choices posted a message on Facebook that said Maynard passed peacefully in her bed surrounded by family and loved ones. (Reuters)
Here's how Maynard's case compares with others:
AGE:  Maynard was 29. The median age of those who died was 71 with the bulk of people between 55 and 84. Only 3 percent were under 44.
ILLNESS: Maynard was diagnosed with stage 4 glioblastoma, a particularly aggressive and hard to treat type of brain cancer. 79 percent of those who died also had a malignant tumor. Another 7 percent suffered from ALS, 5 percent from chronic respiratory disease, 2 percent from heart disease and 1 percent from AIDS.
QUALITY OF LIFE: When Maynard first made a decision to end her own life she said she had seizures but was otherwise able to enjoy an active life with her family.  In an essay for CNN , she described being afraid of what her life would be like if she sought treatment to slow down the progression of the cancer. With full brain radiation, she said, "The hair on my scalp would have been singed off. My scalp would be left covered with first-degree burns. My quality of life, as I knew it, would be gone." She also said she ruled out passing away in hospice care at her home in the San Francisco Bay Area. "But even with palliative medication, I could develop potentially morphine-resistant pain and suffer personality changes and verbal, cognitive and motor loss of virtually any kind." Nationally, 91 percent of people who seek lethal prescriptions said they were doing so because they were losing autonomy, 89 percent because they were less able to engage in activities, 81 percent because of loss of dignity, and 50 percent because of a loss of bodily functions.
LETHAL MEDICATION: Maynard obtained a prescription for a lethal dose of barbiturates, which is the most common method used.
LOCATION OF DEATH: Maynard chose to die at her home in Portland. 95 percent of patients die at their own home or that of a family member or friend while 4 percent die in a long-term care facility.
 

Maruti Swift  Datsun GO fail Global NCAP saf...Maruti Swift, Datsun GO fail Global NCAP safety test
By ET Bureau | 4 Nov, 2014, 06.45AM IST
According to the Global NCAP, crash tests of Nissan's Datsun GO and Maruti-Suzuki's Swift demonstrated a high risk of life-threatening injuries with both cars receiving zero-star safety rating for their adult occupant protection
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
NEW DELHI: Popular car models Maruti Suzuki Swift and Nissan Datsun Go failed the recently held independent impact tests, a global car safety watchdog has claimed.
Global NCAP, an umbrella body of consumer car safety testing, conducted these tests and claimed that both these cars failed miserably on this critical safety count. It added that while India is now the fifth-largest producer of passenger cars, these tests prove the country should adopt internationally-accepted safety norms.
"India has the potential to be a world leader in the automobile industry,but Indian consumers are not aware of how unsafe they are in case of a crash. It is critical for the safety of the passenger. We are pleased that India is launching an NCAP consumer testing programme. If this happens, every new car sold in India would have a proper crash structure and airbags," Global NCAP chairman Max Mosley said.
The Maruti Swift received a zero star rating in the 64 km/h frontal collision test. While the Datsun Go also failed, it fared slightly better with a two-star rating. The testing agency said that both the cars showed the crash-test dummies received near-fatal injuries,and the shells of their bodies disintegrated.
This comes in the wake of some Indian small cars—Tata Nano, Maruti Suzuki's Alto 800 and theHyundaii10—failed to clear Globa lNCAP's crash tests in January this year. Auto manufacturers, however, argued that cars sold here fully conform to all safety standards currently applicable in India. And it's the same with cars that are manufactured and exported from here.
Meanwhile, under the proposed new legislation on road safety, Road Transport and Safety Bill, the ministry of road transport and highways has called for setting up of an all-India NCAP and adoption of safety standards to make cars more safe and pave the way for adopting global crash safety norms.

CESC Ltds qualified institutional placement oversubscribedCESC Ltds qualified institutional placement oversubscribed
Cameron must stand firm on Europe© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95fce346-62aa-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bharti Airtel to hike post-paid rentals from DecBharti Airtel to hike post-paid rentals by 12 per cent from December
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 21:24 IST
Country's biggest telecom operator  Bharti Airtel has announced an increase in its post-paid monthly charges by about 12 per cent in select plans, effective December.
"Effective 3-Dec 2014, bill plan rental for your airtel mobile will be revised from Rs 199 per month to Rs 224 per month," Airtel said in a message to its customers.
Industry sources said Bharti Airtel has increased rates across low rental plans.
Queries send to Airtel did not elicit any immediate reply.
Airtel has a mobile subscriber base of over 20 crore customers, which include both pre-paid and post-paid users.
Last week, Bharti Airtel reported nearly three-fold jump in consolidated net profit at Rs 1,383 crore for the September quarter on growth in mobile data revenues.
This is the second hike in rates of telecom services by the company within a period of three months. In September, the company had increased mobile internet rates by up to 33 per cent and reduced benefit under plans for its pre-paid customers.
An increase in telecom services rates has become more frequent since the last two years after a number of players in the market came down following cancellation of mobile licences by the Supreme Court in 2G spectrum case.

Why power sector exposure worries SBIAnand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 12:00 IST
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya.
Anand Adhikari
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya has previously said the bank's exposure to coal blocks that have been cancelled by the Supreme Court is only about Rs 4,100 crore. This limited exposure of the country's largest bank is like a drop in the ocean (just 0.40 per cent) if one compares it with the bank's total domestic advances of Rs 10,08,530 crore as on June 30, 2014.
The larger worry, bankers say, is of the total power exposure in the books of the domestic lender . Given this background, Bhattacharya has requested the RBI to allow a 25-year scheme with a refinancing option after five years, which offers longer repayment tenures for new infrastructure projects, to be extended to existing power projects. This new scheme was announced by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Budget 2014/15.
SBI has a power sector exposure of Rs 92,919 crore, which represents close to 10 per cent of the total loan portfolio. The power sector exposure is dangerously placed within the overall infrastructure portfolio. Out of the total infrastructure loan of Rs 1,53,136 crore, the power sector has a share of a whopping 61 per cent at Rs 92,919 crore.
"This is a worrying factor as there is no support from other infrastructure loans like roads, which too are facing problems," says a banker on condition of anonymity.
There is not much positive development in the coal shortage scenario. The situation has, in fact, aggravated after the Supreme Court cancelled the coal blocks. The other big issues many power producers are fighting out with State Electricity boards (SEBs) is the tariff relaxation in view of high imported coal prices.
Two major power players-Adani  Power  and Tata Power-have already invoked  force majeure clauses with SEBs for revising the power purchase agreements (PPAs).
Many banks would benefit if they are allowed to transfer loans to other banks and institutions.
The coal block auction is expected by December. There is also a proposal of allowing Coal India as a nodal agency to buy imported coal, blend it with its domestic coal and supply it to power plants by pooling both the prices. The proposal is to make available this pooled coal to power plants commissioned after 2009.
Bankers say if nothing happens, they have the option to go to corporate debt restructuring mechanism, where they have to take a cut by sacrificing interest and allow longer repayment schedules.

Why SBI is worried over its power sector exposureAnand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Last Updated: November 4, 2014  | 12:00 IST
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya.
Anand Adhikari
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya has previously said the bank's exposure to coal blocks that have been cancelled by the Supreme Court is only about Rs 4,100 crore. This limited exposure of the country's largest bank is like a drop in the ocean (just 0.40 per cent) if one compares it with the bank's total domestic advances of Rs 10,08,530 crore as on June 30, 2014.
The larger worry, bankers say, is of the total power exposure in the books of the domestic lender . Given this background, Bhattacharya has requested the RBI to allow a 25-year scheme with a refinancing option after five years, which offers longer repayment tenures for new infrastructure projects, to be extended to existing power projects. This new scheme was announced by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Budget 2014/15.
SBI has a power sector exposure of Rs 92,919 crore, which represents close to 10 per cent of the total loan portfolio. The power sector exposure is dangerously placed within the overall infrastructure portfolio. Out of the total infrastructure loan of Rs 1,53,136 crore, the power sector has a share of a whopping 61 per cent at Rs 92,919 crore.
"This is a worrying factor as there is no support from other infrastructure loans like roads, which too are facing problems," says a banker on condition of anonymity.
There is not much positive development in the coal shortage scenario. The situation has, in fact, aggravated after the Supreme Court cancelled the coal blocks. The other big issues many power producers are fighting out with State Electricity boards (SEBs) is the tariff relaxation in view of high imported coal prices.
Two major power players-Adani  Power  and Tata Power-have already invoked  force majeure clauses with SEBs for revising the power purchase agreements (PPAs).
Many banks would benefit if they are allowed to transfer loans to other banks and institutions.
The coal block auction is expected by December. There is also a proposal of allowing Coal India as a nodal agency to buy imported coal, blend it with its domestic coal and supply it to power plants by pooling both the prices. The proposal is to make available this pooled coal to power plants commissioned after 2009.
Bankers say if nothing happens, they have the option to go to corporate debt restructuring mechanism, where they have to take a cut by sacrificing interest and allow longer repayment schedules.

Rajasthan University V-Cs resignation accepted  but students want him to stayPrint
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: November 3, 2014 8:00 pm
Rajasthan University Vice-Chancellor Dev Swarup’s resignation was on Monday afternoon accepted by Governor Kalyan Singh. The Governor directed the Vasundhara Raje government to appoint Divisional Commissioner Hanuman Singh Bhati to take charge of the university till a new V-C is selected. Minutes after the resignation was accepted, massive demonstrations were held on the university campus by students protesting against the move. The students demanded Swarup’s retention and threatened bigger protests if he vacates the post.
Swarup had met Singh on Sunday and offered to resign citing Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh pressure and lack of cooperation by the government nominees in the Syndicate in the working of the university. Swarup had alleged that the Syndicate members, mostly RSS pracharaks, had held up the budget, thereby paralysing the disbursement of salaries and pensions.
Responding to the allegations, faculty and Syndicate member Anil Bansal told The Indian Express, “We have been opposing the V-C because he has blatantly flouted rules be it in the appointments made by him, the affiliations to new colleges granted by him or the allotment of new examination centers. He made all the appointments in such haste and did not even wait for the government’s approval. We want to know what was the tearing hurry? We have demanded an investigation by the Anti-Corruption Bureau or the Central Bureau of Investigation. If the V-C is honest, he should be able to come out clean in the inquiries. He was appointed by the previous Congress government and as long as the Syndicate members were Congress nominees who alllowed him a free hand, he was happy.”
Bansal alleged that Swarup did not wait for the budget to be approved by the finance committee and instead used his casting vote to draw funds. Asked if he belonged to the RSS cadre, Bansal admitted that he is a worker but not a ‘pracharak’. “Pracharaks are full-time dedicated workers. I teach in the university. Even if I do belong to the RSS what difference does it make? The RSS never gets involved in such things. I can pledge that the RSS did not build any pressure or interfere in the working of the university. As conscious individuals we are concerned at the irregularities committed by the V-C.”
Swarup retorted, “The said teacher has no moral authority and credibility to make such statements. He has no contribution to the university and has been a destructive element. He is one of those who does not turn up for his own classes and instead runs a coaching center.”
Sources in the university said that all the six government nominees in the Syndicate are RSS pracharaks and active designated members. The slugfest between Swarup and the Syndicate has embarassed the Vasundhara Raje government that has been aiming to maintain a fair public image and not get associated with the RSS.
Swarup, who was appointed to the post in July last year, had over 20 months of tenure left. Ever since he took up the responsibility last year, the university has seen the appointment of 241 teachers continued…

http://usat.ly/1qmeLYO5 things investors need to know about November
USA TODAY Special Report 11:59 a.m. EST November 3, 2014
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve winter weather Black Friday the Fed Gas prices IMac Zynga Alibaba discretionary industrials OPEC's Activision USA today key stocks Biotech France Capitol Hill Europe China's America's
November is the start of the what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  November is here those three words are music to investors'
00:04  ears. IMac France I USA today. November the arrival means that
00:12  gut wrenching right of October's finally over. They'll never kicks off
00:16  with historically. A very post time for the US stock market.
00:20  November is the second best performing month the past twenty years
00:24  the eleventh month. Also starts the sixth best six month period
00:28  going back in 1950. Expect another interest in November the Dow
00:33  and SP 500 are back at record highs and the month
00:37  hasn't even started yet. Here are five things investors need to
00:41  know about November. Number one risks remain. Never ever has lots
00:46  of things going for it but investors still have to contend
00:49  with risks. This is the first month in two years that
00:52  the Federal Reserve won't be pumping billions of dollars into the
00:56  markets. Now there's a chance the Fed might even raise rates
00:59  next year the congressional elections in the impact on Capitol Hill
01:03  could sway markets do. Economic conditions in Europe also remained weak
01:08  and then there's the uncertainty surrounding the Islamic state in domestic
01:11  terrorism. It looks shoppers show up for the kick after the
01:14  holiday shopping season on Thanksgiving. Number two. Positioning is key stocks
01:21  and sectors closely linked to an economy that is consumer discretionary
01:25  industrials and materials. Are poised to win in November. These stocks
01:29  and do best as investors stop thinking about protecting their portfolios
01:33  from downside it's shift to look for growth. The fact it's
01:37  an election year could make the Russian this cyclical stocks even
01:40  stronger. Three tech stock funds should stay high. Tech stocks have
01:45  traditionally they're well in winter weather the old rule of thumb
01:48  mr. Biotech stocks in November in Salant. Consumers intend to buy
01:53  electronics during the holidays and companies opera buy new equipment in
01:57  the first and second quarters but this winter could be different.
02:00  Well because the tech sector already done so well. Number four
02:06  hourly baba singles day key for attack. Alibaba grabbed headlines of
02:10  this IPO in mid September but now's the time for it
02:13  to deliver the Chinese e-commerce companies face in the big. Pass
02:17  on Wall Street and the rubber for as its first public
02:20  earnings call for the second quarter. Listen for what the company
02:24  says about China's version of Black Friday November 11. Activision. And
02:29  Zynga are there tax in the spotlight as they report earnings.
02:33  Five lower energy prices likely to stay. Gas prices have slipped
02:37  off warrior hello and are down 17%. From June levels. So
02:41  why is OPEC's though fine with that. Columnist rich Regan says
02:45  OPEC will likely not this production when it meets this month
02:49  and the reason is simple. America's energy alternatives are becoming far
02:53  to go. You're gonna get a feel of market moving news
02:56  in November iMac France and USA today.
A statue of George Washington looks out over the New York Stock Exchange building in New York City.
(Photo: Getty Images)
57 CONNECT 110 TWEET 21 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
November is here.
Those three words are music to investors' ears because it means the gut-wrenching ride of October is over and that we're entering what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market.
Two quick November facts:
• It is the second-best performing month the past 20 years.
• It starts the best six-month period going back to 1950.
And after the stock market's stunning rebound the past two weeks, November starts with both the Dow Jones industrial average and Standard & Poor's 500 index back at record highs.
In the latest in USA TODAY's Monthly Markets Checkup, here are five things investors need to know about November:
1. Risks remain.
Even with all the seasonal factors weighing in its favor , investors will still have to contend with risks. This is the first month in two years that the Federal Reserve won't be pumping billions of dollars into the financial markets through asset purchases. And now investors will start looking ahead to the likelihood that the Fed will raise interest rates next year. The outcome of the Congressional elections and the impact on the balance of power on Capitol Hill could sway markets. Also having the potential to give pause, economic conditions in Europe remain weak, uncertainty surrounds the Islamic State and domestic terrorism, and the holiday shopping season kicks off on Thanksgiving.

http://usat.ly/1x1uMZ9November ushers in seasonal sweet spot
By: Adam Shell November 3, 2014 6:18 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
(Photo: Andrew Burton/Getty Images)
The stock market survived a roller coaster ride in historically spooky October, with stocks finishing the month at record highs.
November arrives with a much more investor-friendly reputation, as it’s been the Dow Jones industrial average’s second-best performing month the past 20 years and kicks off what historically has been the best six-month stretch for stocks.
The stock market looked like it was on the brink of a major breakdown during the trading session on Oct. 15, when the benchmark Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index was down as much as 9.5% from its then-all-time high. But in a matter of two weeks, the market’s major worries, such as the Ebola crisis and a global growth scare, have given way to fresh optimism, thanks to a strong third-quarter earnings season, a U.S. economy that is suddenly growing above the 3% clip considered healthy and fading fears related to the Ebola virus, which has not spread like wildfire in the U.S. as feared.
Stocks got another boost from afar on Friday, when the Bank of Japan surprised global investors by announcing a new wave of stimulus programs designed to fend off the dangerous financial world illness known as deflation.
So November kicks off with the Dow and S&P 500 at fresh record highs and the Nasdaq composite at its highest level since March 2000. The debate over whether the good times can last begins anew when trading resumes Monday and the curtain rises on market-friendly November.
In pre-market trading at around 6:25 a.m. ET, the stock market was basically flat, with the S&P 500 down less than 2 points.

http://usat.ly/1wrNkTwA faster pace for National Geographic magazine
National Geographic pursues speedier, newsier approach to stories as print subscription shrinks
Post to Facebook
A faster pace for National Geographic magazine National Geographic pursues speedier, newsier approach to stories as print subscription shrinks Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tPaz8Z
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
6
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
A faster pace for National Geographic magazine
Roger Yu , USA TODAY 12:32 p.m. EST November 2, 2014
"National Geographic" magazine Editor in chief Susan Goldberg and her staff at the National Geographic's office in Washington, D.C.
(Photo: Rebecca Hale, National Geographic)
191 CONNECT 131 TWEET 151 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
National Geographic journalists on their lunch breaks run into daily reminders of their singular place in science journalism.
A life-size spinosaurus, recently installed in  the courtyard of its  headquarters, stares at pedestrians walking by in downtown Washington, D.C. There's a popular museum in the lobby. A Mars Rover replica occupies a good chunk of the space near the elevators.
Its business model seems just as particular and exclusive. Revenue pours in from diverse sources — contributions, advertising, books, video production, merchandise licensing and a lucrative cable-TV relationship with 21st Century Fox. Operating as a non-profit organization, the National Geographic Society, which publishes the magazine and funds expeditions and research, is immune to some of the harsh realities bedeviling other traditional news outlets, such as Wall Street pressure or impatient shareholders.
But change is in the air at the venerable publication. The National Geographic Society poached its new CEO , Gary Knell, last year from NPR. And there's a mandate to revitalize the yellow-frame magazine and its digital operations to court new and younger readers who are not going to wait for a month to find out the latest in science and discovery.
The magazine's subscription base is shrinking as few now bother to collect and stack old issues in their basements, and kids increasingly turn to their iPads for maps. Its domestic circulation totals about 4 million (international editions bring this up to 6.8 million), down from 10.8 million at its peak in 1989. It's still the eighth-largest magazine in the U.S., according to Alliance for Audited Media.
The magazine didn't reveal its revenue or profitability. But the National Geographic Society had about $569 million in revenue in 2013, including some for-profit ventures like its TV production group. (Its 30% stake in the for-profit cable channel that bears its name is not recognized in the revenue figure.)
National Geographic's Web traffic is escalating, and several apps target students and nature enthusiasts. The site's September traffic grew 6% from a year ago to 11.4 million unique visitors (41 million page views) across all platforms, according to comScore. But its website also competes with many start-up sites focused on specific niches such as photos, discoveries and anthropology. Like so many other legacy print publications, it finds itself needing to be snappier in execution for both print and online.
"Its relevance is that it's still standing. The brand is very powerful," says Phil Hilts, a science writer and former director of Knight Science Journalism program at MIT. "It's familiar and trusted. But the readership has been largely middle age and male. Now you have to convince younger people to come back."
The task of steering the newsroom falls to Susan Goldberg, who was recruited from Bloomberg News and was named the magazine's first female editor in chief in April. (She also worked as an editor at USA TODAY).
Goldberg also worked as the top editor at the San Jose Mercury News and Cleveland's Plain Dealer, and brings daily newspaper and wire service sensibilities to a place accustomed to a more languid pace. "I think we can be more nimble across all our platforms," she says.
To break down the wall between the magazine and its Web operations, the magazine's writers, editors and photo editors were required to give up their individual offices and move to a new newsroom and sit in cubicles along with online staffers. "It was very Mad Men," Goldberg says. "You look around and you couldn't find anybody."
The magazine's production schedule was tightened up so that longer feature stories, which used to be planned months in advance, can be swapped out for newsier developments.
Deeply reported features that aren't time-sensitive — an explainer on genetically modified foods, for example — are still an integral component in the editorial mix. But plenty of room in the magazine will be devoted to stories that arise from the more immediate coverage that starts online at NGNews.com .
Goldberg cites coverage of the Mount Everest avalanche in April as a manifestation of National Geographic's amped-up metabolism. The story was covered initially online with multiple breaking news posts about the deaths of 16 Nepalese mountaineers, and soon after, a related story on the Sherpa culture that had been in the works was also posted. A writer returned to Nepal to retrace the tragedy and the resulting story ran in the November issue, accompanied by a typically rich array of graphics and maps.
"I just think we can do a better job putting stories in the magazine while people are still discussing the issues," Goldberg says, "When you put your mind to it, you can do things a lot more quickly."
Goldberg says she  wants long stories to more clearly spell out the "why now" element. "Even stories that are evergreen should have a reason that they're done," she says. "Stories that are road trips to some weird place -- that's not my favorite kind of story."
Meanwhile, online writers — about half of the digital output is by freelancers — are tasked to cover news and post follow-ups on several topical blogs, including ones about evolution , human biology and general science . Editors who once worked only on print articles now handle digital stories as well.
A redesign of the main website is in the works, with better navigation and a more intuitive access to some of National Geographic's best content, such as photos and video. The magazine would also like to add features that encourage community discussions centered around its main topics, says Keith Jenkins, National Geographic's general manager of digital.
With 40% of its traffic now on mobile devices, material will have to be optimized for display on smaller screens, he says. The site "is a bit long in the tooth. A lot of (our content) is there. But it's hard to find it if you come through the front door."
The magazine's covers and layout have gotten punchier, too.
"Real Zombies" — a story about parasitic organisms — is the November cover headline. The magazine now has an animal sex column, a scientific look at how birds and bees do it. There's a new Q&A feature, interviews with people, not necessarily scientists, who are passionate about science. Financier David Rubenstein was featured recently, explaining why he bought the Magna Carta.
Editorial changes in the magazine and websites are merely extensions of the broader call by Knell for improved coordination and urgency throughout the organization, where the  disparate elements don't always work in tandem. But the need to stir its scholarly soul and keep up with fast-changing digital media is most palpable in its signature franchise, the magazine.
"These are new muscles for us," Goldberg says. "We need to work on getting the word out that you can come to us anytime. You don't have to wait for the magazine."
191 CONNECT 131 TWEET 151 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tPaz8Z
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Hotel Chain Lets You Unlock Room Door With CellphoneHotel Chain Lets You Unlock Room Door With Cellphone
 
Nov 3, 2014 10:17am
Morning Money Memo…
Hotel guests could soon be heading to their rooms without ever seeing the front desk. New programs are helping speed up the check-in process for busy travelers or, in at least one case, letting them go straight to their rooms by using their smartphone to unlock doors.
Starwood Hotels and Resorts today became the first chain to let guests unlock doors with their phones.
Hilton is the only other hotel chain to publicly acknowledge plans for mobile room keys.
Marriott launched the ability to check in through its app at 330 North American hotels last year. By the end of this year, the program will be live at all 4,000 Marriott hotels worldwide.
Auto Industry Numbers
The auto industry reports October numbers today, with analysts forecasting more gains.
So far, Chrysler is the star performer with a 22 percent rise in October. Jeep has been the firm’s hottest brand recently.
Nissan’s U.S. sales rose more than 13 percent, a sign that auto sales continue to be strong.
The Japanese automaker says high consumer confidence and low gas prices raised sales of everything from small cars to SUVs. Marketing chief Fred Diaz says he expects the same factors to boost sales in November and December.
Gas Prices Keep Falling?
Another drop in gas prices is expected when The Energy Department releases its latest weekly report this afternoon. Several surveys say the average price of regular gas is at or below $3 in most states. Pump prices are now at their lowest in nearly four years.
Stocks – Election Effect
Wall Street stocks begin November trading on a positive note. Last month ended with record highs and a rebound from the deepest slump in years. The S&P 500 rose 7 percent in October, helped by a strong quarterly profits season and expectations that a Republican takeover in the Senate would be a boost for energy, banking and medical equipment device firms.

How hedge funds fared in Octoberhow hedge funds fared in october
Ebola causing air travelers to wash hands  not cancel flights0
However, a new poll set to be released this week by Chicago transportation company Go Airport Express suggests consumers are changing behavior, if not their flight plans.
Of 802 respondents who said they were taking precautions, 57 percent noted they were washing hands more frequently,  while 27 percent said were using hand sanitizer. Some respondents said they would pay more attention to their surroundings and the health of fellow travelers, and some indicated they would stay home if they felt ill or had a fever.
Just 3 percent were canceling travel plans altogether, while less than 1 percent noted they planned on wearing protective gloves or face masks.
Meanwhile, 46 percent said they were taking no extra precautions.
Last month, the Global Business Travel Association released a poll that found nearly 80 percent of business-travel managers said international business travel had either not been affected or not been affected much in the past month.
However, a Reuters/Ipsos poll found nearly 80 percent of travelers in general were concerned about the Ebola outbreak. Asked which precautions they were taking in light of the epidemic, almost half said they were avoiding international air travel.
Chicago-based United Airlines and other carriers said during their quarterly earnings conference calls late last month that ongoing Ebola concerns were not affecting bookings.
The most deadly outbreak of Ebola on record has killed nearly 5,000 people, all but a handful of them in Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone.
Cases of the virus, which can cause fever, bleeding, vomiting and diarrhea, have been limited in the United States and Europe.

Gold struggles near 4-year low as dollar shinesGold struggles near 4-year low as dollar shines
IRDA imposes fine on Sahara Life Aviva Life for norm violationIRDA imposes fine on Sahara Life Aviva Life for norm violation
Wockhardt net profit falls 97 per cent in Q2Wockhardt net profit falls 97 per cent in Q2
Suicide bomber kills 2 in northeast Nigerian citySuicide bomber kills 2 in northeast Nigerian city
The Nifty call: Go shortThe Nifty call: Go short
Gurumurthy K
Tweet
BL Research Bureau:  
The Nifty futures contract is trading weak. It opened gap down at 7,870 and then recorded a high of 7,909.9.
However, the contract failed to sustain the up move and reversed lower. Key intra-day resistances are at 7,900 and 7,935. The outlook for the Nifty contract is bearish and it is likely to trade below 7,900 today.
Traders can go short at current levels, with a stop-loss at 7,920 for the target of 7,830.
Immediate support for the contract is at 7,845. But the sharp reversal from the day’s high at 7,909 has increased the probability of a fall below this support level. Such a break can take the contract lower to its next support at 7,822.
The downtrend will reverse only on a strong move above 7,900. The contract can then target 7,935. But such an up move looks unlikely.
Strategy: Go short with a stop-loss at 7,920
Supports: 7,845, 7822
(This article was published on October 8, 2014)
Related

Wife Carrying: She Ain t Heavy  She s My Lover ...Email
Forget carrying your bride over the threshold. Consider, instead, hauling her over a 278-yard obstacle course and you’ve got not just a true test of connubial commitment but also the essence of the North American Wife Carrying Championship , taking place at the Sunday River Resort in Newry, Maine, on Oct. 11.
Considering the winning couple takes home the wife’s weight in beer and five times her weight in cash, the event may also represent the one time it’s OK to suggest the love of your life put on a few extra pounds. 
Nick Lambert
Competitors at the 2008 North American Wife Carrying Championship at Sunday River Resort in Newry, Maine.
Now in its 15th year, the event pits couples against each other on a hillside obstacle course featuring log hurdles, sand traps and a water hazard known as the "widow maker." Contestants can carry their partners any way they want — piggyback, chicken fight, fireman’s carry — but most opt for the so-called Estonian carry, which looks like a cross between an upside-down piggyback ride and a move by Duane “The Rock” Johnson.
“It’s a surprisingly competitive event,” said Nick Lambert, the resort’s vice president of sales and marketing. “Some enter as part of their honeymoon or a proposal but others train for months.”
The latter, in fact, may actually be honoring the event’s roots, which legend says date back to 19th-century Finland, where Herkko Rosvo-Ronkainen, aka “Ronkainen the Robber” would lead his henchmen on raids of neighboring towns. The raiders trained by carrying heavy sacks, then actually hauled off prospective brides. The raids were recast as races with the debut of the Wife Carrying World Championships in Sonkajarvi, Finland, in 1992.
Today, the event has evolved to include prizes for the fastest time and awards for greatest combined weight and greatest combined age. In Maine, during Sunday River’s Fall Festival, it all culminates when the winning wife is placed on one end of a seesaw and cases of beer are stacked at the other until they reach equilibrium.
North American Wife Carrying Championship
“It’s the perfect event for Maine,” said Jesse Wall, a five-time competitor who cites the state’s propensity for attracting “eccentric types.” For Wall, who works as a strength and conditioning coach, the event is more than a physical test. Being of Finnish descent, he also sees it as an expression of “sisu,” which translates roughly as determination, resilience and downright stubbornness.
For other contestants, it’s more about having fun, trying something different and crossing the finish line as a team. At which point, every guy who enters is clearly entitled to say, without incrimination, “Honey, get off my back.”
Tags:

Bungled Air Bag Alerts Leave Car Owners Scramblingbungled air bag alerts leave car owners scrambling
Holiday season is just around the corner.In fact, since airline fares are notoriously difficult to understand , often the better question to ask is what not to do when you’re booking Thanksgiving flights.
Here are a few tips that travel search engines all agree on:
Don’t book a departure flight on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving (Nov. 26), or a return flight on the Sunday after Thanksgiving (Nov. 30).
Airfares increase as flights get fuller, and the Wednesday and Sunday flanking the Thanksgiving holiday are when the most people are traveling. A simple airfare search shows just how much more expensive it is to book travel on one of these days. In some cases, fares are up to twice as high.
If you have to book for Wednesday or Sunday, then book your tickets as early as possible.
If you’re locked into a Wednesday departure flight, aim for a Friday or Tuesday return flight, which is around 25% cheaper than returning on Saturday, Sunday or Monday, according to an analysis by Cheapair.
Booking a return flight on Sunday results in the most dramatic airfare spike, and there’s not really much you can do to save money other than to book your departure flight on Thanksgiving Day. But the tradeoff of sacrificing a chunk of your holiday is a discount of only about 10%, so it may make more sense to pick a different day—even if it’s Wednesday. In general, having a Sunday return flight means you’re stuck with a sky-high ticket price.
Consider booking a departure flight or return flight on Thanksgiving Day—or both.
If you depart and return on Thanksgiving Day, your fare may be up to 30% cheaper than the average price, according to Kayak . And even if you only depart (and not return) on Thanksgiving, those savings are particularly meaningful when applied to longer, more expensive flights. For example, flying the JFK-LAX route departing on Thanksgiving instead of the day before can save you nearly $100.
Don’t book flights in groups.
If you’re booking as a family and there are only a few flights left in the lowest fare category, it’s possible the airline will bump the entire party up to the next fare category, according to Cheapair . That doesn’t mean you can’t travel as a family, though: you just might have to book each person’s ticket individually.
Check other smaller airports nearby.
There’s often regional and even international airports near the ORDs, JFKs and LAXs of major U.S. cities. If you’re in Chicago, for example, consider Chicago Midway Airport instead of O’Hare; if you’re in Los Angeles, consider Long Beach Airport instead of LAX. Both are cheaper airports than their neighboring giants, according to Cheapflights.com, which ranked the nation’s 101 most affordable airports.
Check smaller airlines.
The five biggest U.S. airlines—American, United, Delta, Southwest and JetBlue—all increased their base fares slightly despite lower fuel prices and a worldwide fear of Ebola. While the effect on consumers is not yet clear, it’s also worth checking out smaller airlines like Spirit, Frontier and Virgin.

Skoda India begins putting its house in orderSkoda India begins putting its house in order
Murali Gopalan
In a little over two years since Sudhir Rao took charge at Skoda, there has been a lot of change with the culture evolving towards becoming more customer-centric and oriented towards greater efficiency.
Sudhir Rao, CMD, wants to create an Indian and Czech fusion for product planning.
When Skoda entered the Indian market a little over a decade ago, not many people had heard of the company. Yet, it just took a single brand like the Octavia to establish the Czech automaker as the first mover in the premium sedan segment.
After this dream start, a lot was expected from Skoda especially when parent company Volkswagen also decided to set up shop in the country.
The two went in for a common platform strategy at a new facility near Pune which resulted in the rollout of premium hatchbacks (Polo/Fabia) and sedans (Rapid/Vento). On paper, it was the perfect script, except reality was a different ballgame. Today, Skoda is a marginal player in India’s car industry despite being around for many years.
Sudhir Rao, Chairman and Managing Director of the Indian operations, is, however, upbeat about the road ahead. “We have re-evaluated our strategy based on our strengths and future ambitions. In 2002, we established the premium value-for-money European product category and somewhere along the way, we perhaps diluted this USP,” he says.
Revisiting roots
The priority now is getting a fix on the future and, going forward, Skoda has decided that it is important to get back to its heritage. The company believes it has strong products in terms of technology, practicality and value.
Rao believes that it also imperative to be present in a certain segment which will give growth but calibrate it in a gradual and measured way. “After discontinuing the Fabia six months before the global transition to the new car, we are taking a deep breath to analyse our (small car) strategy,” he says.
Fine line
For the moment, Skoda has the Rapid platform to work on and has acknowledged the need to approach it with a “little more Indian/Asian strategy” in investments and costs. It is here that Mahindra Engineering Services has been roped in to help ‘Indianise’ the overall thought process.
The goal now is to find the sweet spot which boils down to “how low you can take the cost without compromising on brand character”.
It is an interesting initiative in fusion of cultures where the best mix of Indian and Czech inputs will be the basis for the future.
This is precisely what Skoda is doing with the Rapid facelift in tandem with Mahindra Engineering Services. Once things are in place by the year-end, the company will look closely at taking these lessons beyond the Rapid to the small segment.
Premium hatchbacks
According to Rao, premium hatchbacks will gradually become more popular in India. “The market will move towards a Skoda kind of product. Perhaps we were a tad early with the Fabia family but now we are ready to be a little more patient and wait,” he says. A timeframe of 3-4 years would now seem realistic from the company’s point of view.
The other important task on hand is to address the issue of customer satisfaction and ownership experience. Rao says rapid progress is happening here and there is clearly a distinct “upward trend” of improvement.
“There is a strong emphasis on India and Skoda is keen to grow here but a few things will have to come together in place,” he adds. One is the company’s internal capability in terms of developing products the right way. A more solid and robust ownership experience is the next task on hand “where we are already there”.
Strategic orientation
Rao believes things are moving in the perfect direction for Skoda and it will soon be ready with the next phase of “strategic orientation” when all factors come together. “We will create a plan which will help us become a five per cent player as we are clearly not content with our present position. We do not want to be rash and invest before we are ready,” he reiterates.
In a little over two years since Rao took charge at Skoda, there has been a lot of change with the culture clearly evolving towards becoming more customer-centric and oriented towards greater efficiency. A whole lot of non-value added activities have also been eliminated. And while the company has turned leaner and meaner on the manpower front, Rao maintains it has become more humane too.
Keeping employees happy
“Our employee engagement index has gone up consistently in the last two years despite tough measures. People find the job more interesting and are learning a lot more. They are feeling good about themselves. These bitter medicines have actually been very productive,” he says.
Today, Skoda is hiring people from engineering/management colleges and bringing talent from across the country. There is a deliberate focus on diversity which has also led to the company having its first woman on the shopfloor of the Aurangabad plant.
“These youngsters view Skoda positively from a product/brand perspective but are keen on it being better. It is good they see areas for improvement and along with experienced people, the combination is working well. We are blending idealism with experience,” Rao says.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

The difference between a chain  belt and shaft driveThe difference between a chain, belt and shaft drive
Sabyasachi Biswas
Tweet
Belt drives are easier to maintain and offer hassle-free ride.
If you’ve ever taken a closer look at big, burly cruisers of today, you must have seen a belt driving the rear wheel, instead of a chain that you see on your everyday motorcycles. In case you haven’t managed a peek yet, we’re talking about a belt-drive. So how different are these belt drives from the usual chains that you see on other motorcycles?
To be honest, not much. The mechanism is more or less the same – the belt or the chain are the bike’s ‘final drive’. It is essentially the assembly that delivers the engine’s power, after it has passed through everything, including the gearbox. In short, the final drive turns the rear wheel with whatever power the engine generates.
The main difference, between a belt and chain drive is that of what the motorcycle is intended for.
Chain drives just happen to be the most economical ones, and they also lose the least amount of power (the actual power that reaches the wheel is always lesser than the power generated by the engine). They are indeed stronger and can take a lot of stress (that’s why you’ll always see chain drives on dirt-bikes), but they have their set of drawbacks in terms of maintenance. Chains are essentially rings of metal linked together, hence they need to be lubricated properly at all times. If you don’t take good care of them, they’ll get mangled up, break under high tension or even damage the sprockets. Chains may also develop slack over time, so you’ll need to adjust them periodically.
Belt drives, on the other hand, are usually seen in cruisers because they require less maintenance. Made for longevity, these rubber belts are reinforced with metal wires inside them for durability, hence they’re quite strong too. Although they’re expensive than chain drives, belt drives also offer a smoother ride, and don’t create the mess that flying chain lube can cause. But while we’re on the topic of smoothness, the best in terms of a hassle-free ride is probably the shaft drive.
It is essentially the same technology that’s used in cars – the engine makes some power, and a turning shaft delivers the same to the wheels. Of the three, shaft drives require the least amount of maintenance – all you need to do is check that the oil reservoir has optimum levels of lube.
Since you don’t have a dangling component like a belt or a chain, shaft-drives are used in adventure-touring motorcycles, which benefit from the added ground clearance. But they have their drawbacks too – because there are a lot of gears involved in power delivery, the power loss is the highest.
Also, the assembly is heavier, adding bulk to your ride.
(This article was published on October 30, 2014)
Related

Smartphones: Second-place blues© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/66eca29c-60e5-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bank of Japan: crazy wisdom© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/43d15faa-60e5-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dear Corporate America: Stop Whining and Give Millennials What They Wantreddit
Let me start off by saying even as a Millennial myself, I am sick of hearing about Millennials. It seems like it is almost impossible these days to pick up a newspaper, read a blog or even watch the news without hearing about the loved and hated Generation Y: what they want, what they don't want, why they suck, why they are awesome, and why their yoga class is more important than your business meeting. You get my drift.
I also understand that the majority of articles (including this one) tend to stereotype a vastly varied group of people.  However, as a member of the Millennial generation who has spoken to audiences and worked with groups across the country, I think it is fair to say that many of the stereotypes are there for a reason. That includes both the good and the bad.
Regardless of your feelings about this so-called "Me Generation," there are irrefutable statistics that show if you want your business to be successful in the next decade, or even to stay in business, you better not only take notice, but take action. According to the 2014 Deloitte Millennial Survey , Generation Y will comprise 75 percent of the global workforce by 2025.  Data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics showed that in 2012 there were approximately 60 million Baby Boomers in the U.S. workforce, but only 50 million Generation X'ers. It doesn't take a math whiz to see that in a few short years when those Baby Boomers start to retire, there will be a 10 million worker deficit that will need to be filled by us Millennials. So, love us or hate us, you are going to need us.
Although there are a lot of changes Millennials would ideally like to see in the workplace, I have narrowed it down to the top three that I think would be easy to implement and extremely beneficial for both your organization and your emerging Millennial leaders.
What We Want
Continued Professional Development -  For the first 18 to 25 years of our life, Millennials were surrounded by structure, coaching and learning. We are the most formally educated generation to enter the workforce. Sadly, for many Millennials, when we entered the workforce that training and structured continuous learning stopped.  Studies have shown that many Millennials are willing to trade other previously revered perks such as high salary for factors including opportunity for career progression and top notch training and development programs. The PwC Millennials at Work survey showed that the third highest quality that made an organization attractive to Millennials was having an excellent development program. When ranking the top three benefits that they found to be most valuable, training and development came in first, followed by flexible work hours and cash bonuses.  Despite these findings, many employers are reluctant to spend top dollar to train these emerging leaders in fear that they will take the knowledge and shortly leave for another organization.  I think there are two points to bring up against this argument. First, if your organization doesn't provide high quality, structured training, in the very near future your organization won't even come close to being in the running to attract young talent, let alone retain them. Second, there is a popular cartoon that shows a manager saying "What if we train them and they leave?!" and another manager saying, "What if we don't and they stay?!" Ultimately, choice is yours, but my bet is that although top performing Millennials might not stay with your organization for their entire career, if you help train and develop them the return to your organization will be much more than your investment.
Positive Social Impact - According to the 2014 Deloitte Millennial Survey, 63 percent of Millennial respondents donated to charities, 43 percent actively volunteered or were a member of a community organization and 52 percent signed petitions to support local causes. We are looking to be a part of organizations that also value making a positive social impact. Millennials believe that business success should be measured by more than just financials, but also by the businesses' focus on improving society and giving back to good causes.  Not only do Millennials want to work for organizations that are making a positive impact, it is also where we are investing our money.  The term "Impact Investing" was coined in 2007 and is the idea that private capital can be used to help contribute to causes like access to clean water, preventative healthcare and affordable housing, all while returning a financial profit.  According to the Harvard Business Review , "Millennials consistently cite social impact as one of the most important roles of business."  Sixty-seven percent of Millennials agreed that their investment decisions are a way to express their social, political and environmental values.  In summary, ensuring your business does all it can to make a positive impact on local and global causes will pay back returns in the form of top talent recruitment and retention, additional interest from future investors and of course the goodwill that doing the right thing provides.
A Flexible Work Schedule -  A common stereotype of Millennials is that we aren't willing to work hard for what we want and that we have a sense of entitlement.  I could go on a rant of a possible source of where that entitlement came from (cough... Baby Boomer parents), but instead I'll tell you why I think the stereotype of being lazy is wrong.  Some of the most hardworking people I know are Millennials. They are driven and motivated to succeed, even after graduating into one of the worst job markets in history.  However, according to the PwC 2013 Global Generational Study , 64 percent of Millennials would like to occasionally work from home and 66 percent said they would like to be able to adjust their work hours.  Notice, they didn't say they wanted to work less, they wanted to shift how and when they work to be most successful and happy in their work and life. Surprisingly, the same study found that a significant number of employees from all generations were interested in moving to a more flexible work schedule and were willing to give up pay and delay promotions in order to get it.  Overall, Millennials surveyed believed that productivity should not be measured by and rewarded based on number of hours in the office, but rather the actual output and quality of work performed. Sounds like a pretty reasonable request to me!
Don't give us these things just because we want them. Make these changes to have a more successful business, to create a more positive culture and empower your employees to live their best life all while making them effective staff members and advocates for your company.  Create a culture that accepts this new generation and provides a work environment that allows them to be happy, make a difference in the world and, of course, do work that makes your business more successful than ever.  Let's face it - you need us. But, we also need you.  Find ways to create mutually beneficial relationships. Coach us on how to have a difficult conversation with a co-worker and we will show you how to create a killer social media strategy.  If we find ways to work together maybe we can change the headlines. Instead of "Millennials Love Selfies and Baby Boomers Hate Them" we can start to see things like "Collaboration between Generations Leads to Wildly Successful Businesses." I like the sound of that. Don't you? It doesn't have to be about what generations way is "right" or "better". Times are changing and so should the way businesses work -- regardless of whose idea it was.
Try out our views that work life balance isn't just possible, it is a priority and that having a purpose is just as important as making a profit. Who knows... you (and your bottom line) might just like it.
I'd love to hear from you.  Shoot me an email at Jenna@JennaAtkinsonConsulting.com to let me know what your business doing to embrace the values of the next generation of workers? How has it affected your business?
About Jenna: Jenna is the President of Jenna Atkinson Consulting , a firm that specializes in creating actionable strategies for organizations to develop and engage their emerging leaders.  She was recognized as one of InBusiness magazine's 40 Under 40 in 2014. She speaks, trains and consults with a wide range of organizations to help their employees reach the next level of success. For more tips on success, check out JennaAtkinsonConsulting.com.
More:

Work and Family Month  Shouldn t Need To Existreddit
During the floor debate for Rhode Island's paid family leave legislation -- which would ultimately pass both houses and would be signed into law on July 11 by Governor Chafee -- State Representative Grace Diaz had this to say:
"Most people work to support their families. In difficult times, we need to be with the ones we love. Families come first."
No one will deny that we, as a nation, buy into this value. Family comes first. Every worker has a life and loved ones beyond the workplace. Attending to their needs requires time, and it requires money.
We overwhelmingly believe these things -- from our CEOs to our local leaders to our elected representatives. And yet, the actual policies on our books as a nation don't reflect those values.
So this October, as we celebrate "work and family month" -- nationally recognized by members of Congress, businesses, academic institutions, advocacy groups, and anyone who wants to succeed both at home and on the job -- here's a somewhat controversial statement: I'd like us to get to a place where "work and family month" doesn't need to exist.
I'd like us to get to a place where every month is "work and family month," because policies that help families succeed at both work and home are the law of the land. Because truly, who wants to choose? Too often people are forced to choose and that is why nearly half of all parents have turned down a job offer because of the sacrifice it would have meant for their family. What business owner or investor wants to lose talented workers because they forced them to choose?
The challenge is removing the stigma from those who sometimes put their family first, who have to take their child or aging parent to a doctor's appointment, or attend a parent-teacher conference. Programs that help people balance work and family are no longer "nice to haves" for a few workers, but are increasingly important, as most kids live in families where all parents work and most workers have personal responsibilities beyond their job.
The challenge is rolling back misconceptions about increased costs without recognizing the benefits in terms of recruitment, morale, and retention. The challenge is making it clear to every lawmaker, business owner, and state leader that the livelihoods of our workers, the strength of our businesses, and our competitiveness on the world stage stands to improve if we choose to give our workplace policies a national update.
Let's look at California for a moment. When the state enacted paid family leave back in 2002, businesses were initially concerned. The worry was that the law would create an administrative burden, would increase costs, and minimize their ability to expand hiring.
Several years later, what ended up happening? In a recent survey, more than 90 percent reported no negative effect or a positive effect of the law on profitability, turnover, productivity, and morale. And women with young kids are working more today because of this benefit, which helps both families and the economy.
Still more studies have shown that flexibility can lead to improved productivity and is correlated with well-managed businesses. Research shows these policies can help to recruit talented workers, lower worker turnover, and boost morale, worker productivity, and profits. In fact, studies show that investors see these kinds of workplace updates as good for profitability as stock prices tend to increase on the news of a business's new family-friendly policies.
And here's the thing: At a time when more than one in five kids under five with a working mom has a dad as a primary caregiver, these policies don't just help women succeed. They help the whole family succeed.
Equal pay means female breadwinners are bringing home more. If there are dual breadwinners in a given family, everyone benefits. Paid leave and workplace flexibility help both moms and dads better balance the competing demands of work and caregiving.
Real, meaningful policy change -- as is always the case -- has come slowly, in fits and starts. Connecticut and California, along with a handful of municipalities in other states require private-sector employers to provide paid sick leave. And a handful of states -- fewer than 10 -- allow parents to take a limited number of hours for parents to attend their children's activities. Only three states -- California, New Jersey, and Rhode Island -- offer paid family and medical leave.
Last month, the Department of Labor awarded $500,000 in grants to assist Massachusetts, Montana, Rhode Island and the District of Columbia in funding feasibility studies on paid leave. Those studies will inform the development or implementation of paid family and medical leave programs at the state level -- seeking solutions that work for their unique communities.
But the fact is that we're already behind, and we simply need to move faster to catch up.
I'm not exaggerating or being dramatic when I talk about "the world stage," by the way. Because when we limit the career options of our most talented workers, we're failing to build an economy that can operate at its full potential. As the only developed country in the world that does not offer paid maternity leave, and one of the few that does not guarantee workers paid sick leave, we're jeopardizing our ability to keep up with other nations. If we want to keep making the sort of economic progress we've seen in the past century, we've got to reshape today's and tomorrow's workplaces. Other countries have already figured this out.
Australia offers up to 18 weeks of parental leave with financial support. Brazil  gives its women 120 days of maternity leave at full pay. Japan offers up to 14 weeks of paid maternity leave with slightly reduced salary and benefits. In fact, Prime Minister Abe has made "womenomics" -- or, increasing their GDP by boosting female labor force participation -- a key item on his governing agenda and realizes that increasing policies to support working families needs to be a key part of that agenda.
A couple months ago, the White House held its very first "Working Families Summit." In it, we brought together business leaders, educators, researchers, advocates, members of Congress, state and local government representatives, workers, and really anyone who wanted to participate, to talk about how we make sure the economy is working as well as it can for American families.
I'd like to see us arrive at a place where "Summits" dedicated to figuring this out are no longer necessary. When the common-sense, cultural statements we know to be true at home also ring true in our workplaces.
Because we can't say we stand for family values when so many women in the United States have to jeopardize their financial security just to take a few weeks off from work after giving birth.
We can't say we're for middle-class stability when a man has to sacrifice his economic security to care for his sick mother or wife.
Call it "womenomics," call it the "women's economic agenda," call it whatever you like. But don't make the mistake of assuming that women are the only ones who stand to benefit from these policies. Because by making our workplaces make sense for the long-standing realities of today's working women, men, and their families, our entire economy will benefit.
And the sooner we figure this out, the sooner each and every one of us will feel those benefits.
Follow Betsey Stevenson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CEABetsey
More:

Watch Out for Third Party Auto Repair Scamsreddit
The auto repair service industry is a huge one, with about 160,000 establishments with a combined annual revenue of $90 billion a year according to one estimate by First Research .  About 260,000 businesses employ over 550,000 auto mechanics with annual revenues of $60 billion a year according to IBISWorld . Whatever the exact numbers, this is a huge industry to service the millions of cars on the road from different manufacture, and it is characterized by being highly fragmented, with the 50 largest companies only bringing less than 10% of the revenue, according to First Research.  Among the largest are Bridgestone, Jiffy Lube, Midas, and Pep Boys, but an estimated 70% of out of-warranty cars are repaired at independent shops, according to the Automotive Service Association . Plus many mechanics operate through other independent venues that provide automotive services, such as some gas stations and chain stores.
Thus drivers have many options when they want to maintain or repair their cars. Some advantages of the independent services is they can often inspect and fix cars at a lower cost than at a dealer's service bay.   Additionally, they provide the convenience of a nearby location for a great many drivers, since there are fewer dealerships.
However, the trade-off for a lower price and convenience is that the service managers and mechanics at some of these independent services can easily take advantage of motorists, especially since many know little about cars.  Some of the ways, which I described in another HuffPost blog post on "Avoiding Auto Repair Scams" , including recommending unnecessary repairs, overcharging, or not doing the work.
Another big problem is that the independent auto repair company may seem to be expert in repairs for a particular make of car or even appear to be an authorized or certified service center for a manufacturer, when they are not.  And manufacturers can do little about this, as long as the auto repair service isn't using the manufacturer's logo and claiming to be a certified dealer or service center when they are not.
I discovered this myself when I had problems with a local service center that did not warn me about the risks of taking my old car to Las Vegas, although I specifically came to them to check my car to see if it would be okay to drive there.  After they said it was fine, I agreed to fix the air conditioner, though otherwise I wouldn't have fixed it and would have flown and rented a car.  But then the car broke down when the radiator overheated due to a leak and a local car repair chin advised me there was a 50-50 chance the gasket and engine could blow, resulting in my getting a new car because of the risk of another breakdown on the desert even if I repaired the car, which could be deadly.  But when I went to the service center to at least get a refund for the repairs I otherwise wouldn't have gotten, they wouldn't take any responsibility for the breakdown.  And when I called Toyota to see if there was anything they could do, since I had been a loyal Toyota customer for over 30 years, a customer rep said the company could do nothing because I had gone to a third party repair center.  So though the auto repair center listed the company name on its wall, which gave the impression it was authorized to represent the manufacturer, it wasn't.  And I never knew enough at the time to ask if the service center was an official or authorized representative of the company, though if it wasn't, I would have taken my car elsewhere for an inspection.  So my only recourse was to complain to the company service manager and owner, and once they denied any responsibility I was on my own, with little recourse but seeking refund from my credit card provider or going to court, which could be costly and time-consuming.
This problem with resolving problems when repairs go wrong or are unnecessary is pervasive through the auto repair industry.  For example, in an article " Confessions from the Dealership Service Department: How Consumers Are Often Overcharged for services ," Phil Reed describes how on his first job at a specialty car company as their national service manager, his bosses always wanted him "to sell more, to recommend service that wasn't needed and to overcharge for the work being done."
Such problems are even worse when one goes to an independent auto repair shop, although most may be quite reputable and professional.  Then, if you are dissatisfied with a repair and can't work things out with the local mechanic or owner, you don't have any appeal to the larger corporate entity as you do at most chain garages or dealerships, since according to a One Cent at a Time article, "many corporations are willing to concede the cost of a repair in the interest of preserving good customer relationships."
But with an independent service center or small private garage, you can't do much if the owner or manager, who often may be the person who repaired your car, refuses to budge.
So what can you do?  Probably the best thing, recommended by the Federal Trade Commission's Consumer Information Department , is to be very careful in choosing a repair shop.  Don't just look at the signs of a local shop and choose that for convenience as I did.  Instead, ask for recommendations from friends, family, business associates, and others you trust, and check on consumer review sites, like Yelp.  If the company has a low rating, especially if there are a number of complaints, that's a good sign to stay away.
Other recommendations from the Consumer Information Department are these.  Shop around by phone and online for the best deals and compare warranty policies on repairs.  Ask to see current licenses if repair shops are supposed to be licensed or registered.  Check with your state Attorney General's office or local consumer protection agency to see if there is a record of complaints about a particular auto repair shop.  Additionally, get a signed written estimate about the repair to be done, the parts needed, the anticipated charge, and an agreement that the shop will contact you for your approval before they do any work beyond a specific amount of time or money.
Follow Gini Graham Scott on Twitter: www.twitter.com/giniscott
More:

When Experts Are A Waste Of Moneyreddit
Corporations have always relied on industry analysts, management consultants and in-house gurus for advice on strategy and competitiveness. Since these experts understand the products, markets and industry trends, they also get paid the big bucks.
But what experts do is analyze historical trends, extrapolate forward on a linear basis and protect the status quo -- their field of expertise. And technologies are not progressing linearly anymore; they are advancing exponentially. Technology is advancing so rapidly that listening to people who just have domain knowledge and vested interests will put a company on the fastest path to failure. Experts are no longer the right people to turn to; they are a waste of money.
Just as the processing power of our computers doubles every 18 months, with prices falling and devices becoming smaller, fields such as medicine, robotics, artificial intelligence and synthetic biology are seeing accelerated change. Competition now comes from the places you least expect it to. The health-care industry, for example, is about to be disrupted by advances in sensors and artificial intelligence; lodging and transportation, by mobile apps; communications, by Wi-Fi and the Internet; and manufacturing, by robotics and 3-D printing.
To see the competition coming and develop strategies for survival, companies now need armies of people, not experts. The best knowledge comes from employees, customers and outside observers who aren't constrained by their expertise or personal agendas. It is they who can best identify the new opportunities. The collective insight of large numbers of individuals is superior because of the diversity of ideas and breadth of knowledge that they bring. Companies need to learn from people with different skills and backgrounds -- not from those confined to a department.
When used properly, crowdsourcing can be the most effective, least expensive way of solving problems.
Crowdsourcing can be as simple as asking employees to submit ideas via email or via online discussion boards, or it can assemble cross-disciplinary groups to exchange ideas and brainstorm. Internet platforms such as Zoho Connect, IdeaScale and GroupTie can facilitate group ideation by providing the ability to pose questions to a large number of people and having them discuss responses with each other.
Many of the ideas proposed by the crowd as well as the discussions will seem outlandish -- especially if anonymity is allowed on discussion forums. And companies will surely hear things they won't like. But this is exactly the input and out-of-the-box thinking that they need in order to survive and thrive in this era of exponential technologies.
I tried such an experiment myself, crowdsourcing a book on women in innovation. After researching the exclusion of women from the technology industry, I wanted to propose ideas to fix the problems. It was unlikely that I, as a male, would be able to understand the depth of the problem that women face; to articulate painful stories of sexism and abuse; or to propose meaningful solutions. So I asked the crowd. I enlisted Columbia School of Journalism professor Farai Chideya as my coauthor, and we hired a project manager, Neesha Bapat. Together, we brainstormed questions we wanted to ask and problems we wanted to solve. We placed these on an online discussion forum. Then we approached our women friends and armies of social media followers to ask them to join the discussion. By the end, more than 500 women had come together to share ideas and propose solutions. Within six weeks, we were able to perform research that would have taken years, and developed a consensus on what needed doing. Women documented their own heart-wrenching stories and told the secrets of their success. The result of this effort is a book, Innovating Women , which dozens of women have told me has helped, motivated and inspired them.
Another way of harnessing the power of the crowd is to hold incentive competitions. These can solve problems, foster innovation and even create industries -- just as the first XPRIZE did. Sponsored by the Ansari family, it offered a prize of $10 million to any team that could build a spacecraft capable of carrying three people to 100 kilometers above the earth's surface, twice within two weeks. It was won by Burt Rutan in 2004, who launched a spacecraft called SpaceShipOne. Twenty-six teams, from seven countries, spent more than $100 million in competing. Since then, more than $1.5 billion has been invested in private space flight by companies such as Virgin Galactic, Armadillo Aerospace and Blue Origin, according to the XPRIZE Foundation.
Heritage Provider Network's CEO, Dr. Richard Merkin, wanted to decrease the number of avoidable hospitalizations -- which cost the country more than $40 billion every year. So, in 2011, he offered $3 million to the team that could best predict how many days a patient would spend in the hospital, and 4,500 teams, from 41 countries, provided more than 39,000 entries. The best entries were seven times as accurate as any health-care organization's predictions. "Health care has become an information science, and health-care organizations that embrace the status quo will become the Kodaks and the Blockbusters of the second decade of the 21st century," Merkin wrote in an email to me.
Competitions needn't be so grand. InnoCentive and HeroX, a spinoff from the XPRIZE Foundation, for example, allow prizes as small as a few thousand dollars for solving problems. A company or an individual can specify a problem and offer prizes for whoever comes up with the best idea to solve it. InnoCentive has already run thousands of public and inter-company competitions. The solutions they have crowdsourced have ranged from the development of biomarkers for Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis disease to dual-purpose solar lights for African villages.
Not long ago, success in business came from hoarding knowledge. Whether in departments, in groups, or in individual experts, the motivations were to keep information confidential and use it to gain an edge. Today, it is all about sharing. When an idea is shared, one plus one equals three, because the parties learn from each another and develop new ideas. In this way, crowdsourcing harnesses the creative and competitive spirit of people all over the world, enabling them to solve big problems as well as small and bypassing the knowledge-hoarders we once depended on.
Follow Vivek Wadhwa on Twitter: www.twitter.com/wadhwa
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

SEC investigates CAT s accounting of BucyrusSEC investigates CAT's accounting of Bucyrus
Caterpillar Posts Strong Third Quarter Earnings
Justin Sullivan, Getty Images
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
SEC investigates CAT's accounting of Bucyrus acquisition
Peoria-based Caterpillar on Friday said the Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating its accounting treatment of its purchase of a mining equipment maker.
Caterpillar said the federal agency issued a subpoena on Sept. 10 seeking information concerning the accounting of its $8.8 billion acquisition of Bucyrus International in 2011 and relating matters.
0
The investigation focuses on Caterpillar's accounting for the "goodwill," or the difference between the book value of Bucyrus and the amount Caterpillar paid for it. Goodwill is not tangible, as it puts a dollar value on things like brand name and patents.
"The company is cooperating with the SEC in its investigation and believes that its accounting treatment of the Bucyrus acquisition was appropriate," Caterpillar said in a statement.

Space tourism set back by accident  industry still sees lift offSpace tourism set back by accident, industry still sees lift off
Caption Virgin Galactic resumes work after crash
Work has resumed at Virgin Galactic's assembly hanager in California's Mojave Desert. Employees have returned to the task of building the company's second space plane.
Work has resumed at Virgin Galactic's assembly hanager in California's Mojave Desert. Employees have returned to the task of building the company's second space plane.
Caption Virgin Galactic resumes work after crash
Work has resumed at Virgin Galactic's assembly hanager in California's Mojave Desert. Employees have returned to the task of building the company's second space plane.
Work has resumed at Virgin Galactic's assembly hanager in California's Mojave Desert. Employees have returned to the task of building the company's second space plane.
Caption Will Virgin crash ground space tourism?
It's an industry that's barely off the ground. But the limits of space tourism have been brought sharply into focus with the crash of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo.
It's an industry that's barely off the ground. But the limits of space tourism have been brought sharply into focus with the crash of Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo.
Caption NTSB details timeline of spacecraft crash
Federal accident investigators have an early sense of what went wrong before an experimental spaceship broke apart during a test flight. But they still don't know why the craft prematurely shifted its shape prior to the deadly crash.
Federal accident investigators have an early sense of what went wrong before an experimental spaceship broke apart during a test flight. But they still don't know why the craft prematurely shifted its shape prior to the deadly crash.
Caption Virgin Galactic's surviving test pilot is in recovery
Peter Siebold is reportedly alert and talking.
Peter Siebold is reportedly alert and talking.
Caption Virgin Spaceship 2's descent system deployed early
A space tourism rocket broke apart in flight over California's Mojave Desert after a device to slow the experimental spaceship's descent deployed too soon, federal investigators said.
A space tourism rocket broke apart in flight over California's Mojave Desert after a device to slow the experimental spaceship's descent deployed too soon, federal investigators said.
By Tribune wire report
Virgin Group Richard Branson Federal Aviation Administration Lobbying Tom Hanks U.S. Congress
The wait for paying passengers to see Earth from the vantage point of space looked a lot longer on Friday, following the fatal crash of Virgin Galactic's first spaceship, but aspiring space tourists did not appear to be lining up for refunds.
About 800 people already have paid or put down deposits for rides on SpaceShipTwo, a six-passenger, two-pilot suborbital spaceship owned by Virgin Galactic, an offshoot of Richard Branson's Virgin Group, which aims to be the first commercial space ride for tourists. Tickets sell for $250,000.

Obama can learn from George W BushObama can learn from George W Bush
Edward Luce
It is possible to retrieve a failing presidency its final quarter and leave office with high ratings
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f7cf5fa-5ec4-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The one-minute guide toThe Hunger IndexTweet
A fancy diet chart?
Actually, it attempts to statistically measure the prevalance of endemic under-nutrition in a country. What the Indian government terms ‘malnutrition’, the constructors of the Index call ‘hidden hunger’ — a deficiency when micronutrients such as zinc, jod and iron, and vitamins are not part of the diet in adequate quantities, or when their bodies cannot absorb them. The International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI), German non-profit Welthungerhilfe and Irish NGO Concern Worldwide who developed the Global Hunger Index say ‘hidden hunger’ impacts millions of people worldwide.
How can it be measured?
Chronic under-nourishment manifests itself across populations in specific and measurable ways. The GHI combines the proportion of the undernourished as a percentage of the population, the prevalence of underweight children under the age of five, and the mortality rate of children under the age of five. Ranking is on a 100-point scale. Values less than 4.9 reflect ‘low hunger’, between 5 and 9.9 reflect ‘moderate hunger’, between 10 and 19.9 indicate ‘serious’, between 20 and 29.9 alarming’, and exceeding 30 ‘extremely alarming’ hunger problem.
Where’s India here?
India ranks 55 out of 76 countries; it has moved from ‘alarming’ to ‘serious’ and is 120 amongst 128 countries. Also, remember, the GHI ranks only developing countries — the developed world doesn’t figure here at all.
There was no issue of BusinessLine on November 3, 1994, on account of deepavali
A fancy diet chart?
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

India hammer Lanka to open seriesIndia hammer lacklustre Sri Lanka
1ST ODI, CUTTACK: Dhawan (113), Rahane (111) add 231 for opening wicket to set up big win.
By Andrew Fidel Fernando | ESPNcricinfo –  Sun 2 Nov, 2014 7:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
India 363 for 5 (Dhawan 113, Rahane 111) beat Sri Lanka 194 (Jayawardene 43, Ishant 4-34) by 169 runs
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Rahane (111) and Dhawan (113) added 231 for the opening wicket.
Ajinkya Rahane and Shikhar Dhawan delivered a staggering mid-innings explosion that yielded 96 runs in eight overs, and for the rest of the match, Sri Lanka were left chasing a runaway engine. India continued to hurtle ahead, hitting 363 for 5 after Rahane and Dhawan had hit hundreds, before Sri Lanka's chase began to run out of steam inside the first 20 overs. Ishant Sharma 's 4 for 34 hastened the end, as he made excellent use of the bounce on the Cuttack pitch as well as the seam on offer.
The pre-series talk of Sri Lanka having arrived underprepared, and wielding a green attack, proved startlingly accurate, as they were defeated by 169 runs. The Dhawan-Rahane partnership had produced 37 more runs than the 194 Sri Lanka managed in their whole innings.
Suraj Randiv 's first ODI in three years had been going okay until his third over - the 21st of the innings. Kumar Sangakkara had been among the first to suggest Sri Lanka would head into this series underdone, and although he had fulfilled his own prophecy by dropping one catch each off Dhawan and Rahane, Sri Lanka had managed to keep India in check, conceding only 90 from the first 20 overs. But then the bloodbath began.
Rahane reached his fifty with a single off the second ball of that Randiv over, before Dhawan took strike and embarked on the first bona-fide charge of the innings. He paddle-swept Randiv fine for four first, then reverse-paddled him for an almost symmetrical boundary, before running at the bowler to crash him over long on, to bring up his own half-century. That was the moment the engine de-coupled and set off at the breakneck speed, on its own. The scoring barely eased from there, and even then, not until these two had been separated.
Dhawan was powerful in the arc between midwicket and cover, bullying even the decent balls to the fence, while Rahane, operating with a little more finesse, moving around the crease to manipulate the angles, playing that delicious inside-out shot particularly well. They took the batting Powerplay in the 24th over, and could hardly have used it more effectively. Gamage was cracked for 15 in one over, with the field pulled in, and Mathews walloped for 18.
The hitting from both batsmen was so clean and so precise that at 186 for 0 after 28 overs, a score in excess of 400 seemed a distinct possibility. Seeing that both men were hitting well down the ground, the Sri Lanka bowlers attempted to pull back their lengths, but the openers would simply make room and flat-bat the short balls back over the bowler - thoroughly unfussed, casually arrogant.
The batsmen completed their tons in quick succession; Rahane hitting his off 99 balls, before Dhawan launched Seekkuge Prasanna over midwicket to get to his milestone off 96. Having matched each other step-for-step in their partnership, they were both dismissed off innocuous balls too. Dhawan swept a floated Ashan Priyanjan ball on to his foot, and then deflected the ball on to leg stump on 113. Three overs later, Rahane lobbed a Randiv full toss straight to mid off, on 111.
Mathews tapped each of his eight bowling resources during the carnage, but no bowler seemed capable of clotting up the run hemorrhage, much less present a menace to India. The bowling was more uninspired than indisciplined. The quicks were short of variation, the spinners unable to deceive, and the medium-paced allrounder turned out to be fodder on one of the flattest batting tracks Sri Lanka have played on this year.
Suresh Raina ensured the lull after those dismissals was brief, mauling Thisara Perera for 20 in the 41st over, with assistance from Virat Kohli . Like the openers, Raina was most productive in front of square, hitting his 5000th ODI run in his 200th match, on his way to 52 off 34. Even at his exit, at 299 for 3 in the 44th over, a score of close to 400 appeared possible. Such was the ease with which boundaries were being clobbered. But the bowlers induced false shots from Kohli and Ambati Rayudu , and only Akshar Patel's 14 off 4 propelled the score over 350 in the final over.
Sri Lanka's top order, save for Mahela Jayawardene, was visibly rusty. Tillakaratne Dilshan thrashed his way to 18 from 22, but never appeared at ease, before edging Umesh Yadav behind in the ninth over. Upul Tharanga is one of the few Sri Lanka batsmen who had had recent match practice going into this game, but his 28 from 53 sucked the air out of Sri Lanka's start, and sent the already-daunting required rate on its ascent.
Ishant Sharma claimed Sangakkara for the first of his four wickets when he sent a short one across the batsman to take his outside edge. And though Jayawardene hit a dainty but dangerous 43 from 36, he had already begun running out of top-order partners with whom a serious challenge to India's total could be launched. The middle and lower order was crushed under the heft of the task that had been left to them.
The rust in Sri Lanka's cricket was evident in the loss, but with four more matches coming up in the next two weeks and the World Cup on the horizone, they will need to shake themselves back to their best quickly.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

Black money probe: Swiss banks rush to ring-fence themselvesLobby their Govt to seek safeguards from India; round-tripping comes under lens
Berne/New Delhi, November 2:  
As the probe into black money stashed abroad by Indians gathers steam, banks in Switzerland are running from pillar to post to safeguard their interests while some are also considering financial provisions in their books for possible penal actions and legal costs.
At the same time, banks are also lobbying with the Swiss government to insist on safeguards in their information-exchange and administrative assistance frameworks with India to protect their interests during the subsequent prosecution and other legal or regulatory proceedings in black money cases.
Acting in concert?
Sources, however, said that the role of some banks, and of certain bankers, has already come under the scanner for acting in concert with the suspected black money hoarders and also for making ‘safe haven’ promises for their funds.
The suspected lapses on the part of at least three large European banks, including two from Switzerland itself, are also being probed for allegedly facilitating re-routing of funds of certain Indian corporate houses back into their listed companies as foreign investments.
Capital market watchdog SEBI is probing at least three large global banks and many Indian companies for alleged round-tripping of funds by way of multi-layered transactions, while the regulatory noose has further tightened in these cases with involvement of other regulatory and enforcement agencies.
Such transactions are suspected to have taken place in the case of 15-20 Indian companies, a senior official said, but refused to disclose their names or those of the banks saying a disclosure may impede the investigations. Portfolio managers at some banks with a significant presence in Indian financial markets could have helped clients route money back into the country as foreign funds, using investment vehicles across jurisdictions.
So far, the focus of this Supreme Court monitored probe has mainly remained on persons and entities from India suspected to have stashed illicit wealth in overseas locations, including Swiss banks.
Defensive moves
However, as the probe moves further — it is being driven by a Special Investigation Team (SIT) with two former Supreme Court judges as Chairman and Vice-Chairman along with members from various investigative and regulatory agencies — the banks are turning wary about possible action against them.
Senior executives at various banks, including three large ones headquartered in Switzerland and the Swiss units of some major European banks, said they are considering making financial provisions as anticipatory measures, to deal with any action involving them in India’s black money probe.
The banks are also said to be lobbying with the Swiss government, pushing it to ask the Indian authorities to put in place a ‘settlement’ mechanism to deal with the suspected entities,
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Philadelphia: in private© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/64dcc5a8-5fa1-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China and politics of popular protestThe party and politics of popular protest
Review by Richard McGregor
Jessica Chen Weiss’s ‘Powerful Patriots’ is an invaluable record of China’s diplomatic storms
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cfeadd22-5ec4-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lex: A Philadelphia story© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/64dcc5a8-5fa1-11e4-8c27-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sporting View: Battle of racetrackQataris open battlefront at world’s great horse races
Matthew Engel
The Gulf states are increasingly using sport as an instrument of foreign policy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/392223da-60f6-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Surface tension: How top players compare on grass  clay and hard courtNovember 2, 2014 5:16 pm
Surface tension in tennis
John Burn-Murdoch and Gavin Jackson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c72731e-6116-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Halloween market scare: How October markets dived but ended at highShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
A Halloween market scare
Nov 1, 2014 : The FT's John Authers covers a month when US stocks dived but ended at an all-time high, and previews a week which will bring a welter of new data to tell whether the US economy is really in good shape.
Credits: Produced by Paolo Pascual and John Authers. Edited by Paolo Pascual.

FT interview with Google co-founder and CEO Larry PageFacebook country
Mark Zuckerberg’s ‘nation state’ plans
Looking forward 100 years from now at the possibilities that are opening up, he says: “We could probably solve a lot of the issues we have as humans.”
It is a decade on from the first flush of idealism that accompanied its stock market listing, and all Google ’s talk of “don’t be evil” and “making the world a better place” has come to sound somewhat quaint. Its power and wealth have stirred resentment and brought a backlash , in Europe in particular, where it is under investigation for how it wields its monopoly power in internet search.
Page, however, is not shrinking an inch from the altruistic principles or the outsized ambitions that he and co-founder Sergey Brin laid down in seemingly more innocent times. “The societal goal is our primary goal,” he says. “We’ve always tried to say that with Google. I think we’ve not succeeded as much as we’d like.”
Even Google’s famously far-reaching mission statement, to “organise the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful”, is not big enough for what he now has in mind. The aim: to use the money that is spouting from its search advertising business to stake out positions in boom industries of the future, from biotech to robotics.
Asked whether this means Google needs a new mission statement, he says: “I think we do, probably.” As to what it should be: “We’re still trying to work that out.”
‘Basically, our goal is to organise the world’s information and to make it universally accessible and useful’ — 2001
When we met recently for a wide-ranging interview at his company’s Silicon Valley headquarters, Page displayed the characteristically tentative personal style that is a marked contrast to the definitive self-assurance of most corporate bosses. No doubt aware of the added responsibility that comes with running a company with 55,000 workers that is increasingly under the spotlight, he also chooses his words more carefully than he once did. But there has been no apparent change to the ambition and the expansiveness of his ideas – even if, as the father of two young children, he says he has become more conscious of long-term issues such as education.
Page finds himself at the helm of one of the world’s most powerful tech companies at a moment in history when the onrush of technological change is threatening to bring sweeping social and business disruption. Google’s goals are bigger than most – yet, even as it pours money into new ventures, the cash keeps piling up. It now exceeds $62bn.
“We’re in a bit of uncharted territory,” he says. “We’re trying to figure it out. How do we use all these resources . . . and have a much more positive impact on the world?” For Google’s investors, who have already become wary recently about the size of the company’s massive bets on the long-term future, this could be just the beginning.
As Page sees it, it all comes down to ambition – a commodity of which the world simply doesn’t have a large enough supply. In the midst of one of its periodic booms, Silicon Valley , still the epicentre of the tech business world, has become short-sighted, he says. While arguing that the Valley isn’t fundamentally “broken”, he agrees that it is overheated – though how much that matters is a different issue.
“There’s definitely a lot of capital and excitement, and these things tend to happen in cycles,” he says. “But 100 years from now you’re probably not going to care about that.”
©Steve Jennings/WireImage
‘You may think using Google’s great, but I still think it’s terrible’ — 2003
Much of the money pouring into the tech industry is drawn by the promise of easy profits from the latest consumer internet boom, he says. “You can make an internet company with 10 people and it can have billions of users. It doesn’t take much capital and it makes a lot of money – a really, really lot of money – so it’s natural for everyone to focus on those kinds of things.”
Page estimates that only about 50 investors are chasing the real breakthrough technologies that have the potential to make a material difference to the lives of most people on earth. If there is something holding these big ideas back, it is not a shortage of money or even the barrier of insurmountable technical hurdles. When breakthroughs of the type he has in mind are pursued, it is “not really being driven by any fundamental technical advance. It’s just being driven by people working on it and being ambitious,” he says. Not enough institutions – particularly governments – are thinking expansively enough about these issues: “We’re probably underinvested as a world in that.”
To the question of whether a private company, rather than governments, should be throwing its weight behind some of the world’s most long-range and ambitious science projects, he retorts: “Well, somebody’s got to do it.”
This is where Page’s engineer’s mind comes into play. The son of a computer science professor father, he likes, according to people who know him, nothing more in internal meetings than to burrow deep into technical issues. He describes, for instance, how he drills down into how Google’s data centres are run, following the issue of how much the company pays for power into questions about the design of electricity grids. With the right focus and application, he implies, there’s nothing that can’t be improved and made to run more efficiently.
©Getty
‘Lots of companies don’t succeed over time. What do they fundamentally do wrong? They usually miss the future’ — 2005
A recent visit to a start-up working on nuclear fusion has enthused him with the possibility of a breakthrough in low-cost energy. Another start-up has surprised him by being able to “read” the mind of a human subject being shown visual images. “A really smart group of committed people with $50m can make a lot of progress on some of these problems. But not enough of that’s happening,” he says.
Some of Google’s own big bets are in areas that he describes as being at the “fringes” – things that seem open to a technological solution but which, for some reason, have not received concerted attention. As examples, he picks self-driving cars and the diseases that afflict older people – the latter a field that his wife worked in at a lab at Stanford University. “It wasn’t a high-status thing,” he says. Through a new biotech arm called Calico , Google is now planning to plough hundreds of millions of dollars of its own into the area.
“We do benefit from the fact that once we say we’re going to do it, people believe we can do it, because we have the resources,” he says. “Google helps in that way: there aren’t many funding mechanisms like that.”
But compared with its heady early days, when every brash initiative was welcomed by an adoring public with the indulgence of a parent celebrating a child’s finger paintings, the onrush of technological change has started to stir up fear.
“I think people see the disruption but they don’t really see the positive,” says Page. “They don’t see it as a life-changing kind of thing . . . I think the problem has been people don’t feel they are participating in it.”
A perennial optimist when it comes to technology, he argues that all that will change. Rapid improvements in artificial intelligence, for instance, will make computers and robots adept at most jobs. Given the chance to give up work, nine out of 10 people “wouldn’t want to be doing what they’re doing today”.
What of people who might regret losing their work? Once jobs have been rendered obsolete by technology, there is no point wasting time hankering after them, says Page. “The idea that everyone should slavishly work so they do something inefficiently so they keep their job – that just doesn’t make any sense to me. That can’t be the right answer.”
©Reuters
‘We want to create beautiful, intuitive services and technologies that are so incredibly useful that people use them twice a day. Like they use a toothbrush’ — 2006
He sees another boon in the effect that technology will have on the prices of many everyday goods and services. A massive deflation is coming: “Even if there’s going to be a disruption on people’s jobs, in the short term that’s likely to be made up by the decreasing cost of things we need, which I think is really important and not being talked about.”
New technologies will make businesses not 10 per cent, but 10 times more efficient, he says. Provided that flows through into lower prices: “I think the things you want to live a comfortable life could get much, much, much cheaper.”
Collapsing house prices could be another part of this equation. Even more than technology, he puts this down to policy changes needed to make land more readily available for construction. Rather than exceeding $1m, there’s no reason why the median home in Palo Alto, in the heart of Silicon Valley, shouldn’t cost $50,000, he says.
For many, the thought of upheavals like this in their personal economics might seem pie in the sky – not to mention highly disturbing. The prospect of millions of jobs being rendered obsolete, private-home values collapsing and the prices of everyday goods going into a deflationary spiral hardly sounds like a recipe for nirvana. But in a capitalist system, he suggests, the elimination of inefficiency through technology has to be pursued to its logical conclusion.
“You can’t wish away these things from happening, they are going to happen,” says Page. “You’re going to have some very amazing capabilities in the economy. When we have computers that can do more and more jobs, it’s going to change how we think about work. There’s no way around that. You can’t wish it away.”
. . .
When it comes to discussing policy, Page, like many technocrats, quickly sounds frustrated by the intractability of issues that are not susceptible to the kind of rigour he brings to his technological inquiries. “I do think there’s a tremendous amount of angst about these things and we’ve got to turn it round,” he says, though he has few concrete ideas about how to do that. “As a society, it’s very difficult to do something differently, and I don’t think that’s good.
©Eyevine
'If we were motivated by money, we would have sold the company a long time ago and ended up on a beach’ — 2006
“Some of the most fundamental questions which people are not thinking about, there’s the question of how do we organise people, how do we motivate people,” he says. “It’s a really interesting problem, how do we organise our democracies? If you look at satisfaction in the US, it’s not going up, it’s going down. That’s pretty worrying.”
In a reference to what he sees as Europe’s weak support for entrepreneurialism and technology, he adds: “I think many of the problems in Europe are like that.”
Another obstacle lies closer to home. In reaching for the tech industry’s ultimate prizes, Google may already be knocking up against the limits of what it is possible for one company to do. Page relates a frequent debate that he says he had with Steve Jobs, the boss of Apple, who died three years ago: “He would always tell me, You’re doing too much stuff. I’d be like, You’re not doing enough stuff.”
The argument he made to Jobs: “It’s unsatisfying to have all these people, and we have all these billions we should be investing to make people’s lives better. If we just do the same things we did before and don’t do something new, it seems like a crime to me.”
But the idealism does not blind him to the problem of his own ambition. “What Steve said is right – you, Larry, can only manage so many things.” If he – and Google – are to win, they will have to beat the odds that have held big companies back in the past, particularly in the tech industry, where few leaders from one generation of technology have made it big in the next.
‘Sometimes it’s important to wake up and stop dreaming. When a really great dream shows up, grab it’ — 2009
“The biggest companies are all within an order of magnitude of the same size, certainly in market cap,” says Page, who has a palpable sense of the limits against which his company is already pushing. “You say we’re going to take over all these important things, but there’s no example of a company doing that.”
His thinking about how to break through the invisible ceiling seems to have been evolving of late. Google X, the internal lab that was the brainchild of Brin, marked a first attempt to back big new ideas, with projects such as Glass and the driverless car. Despite Brin stepping back from Google’s main business, Page still describes them as close allies. “We spent a lot of time together . . . there are very few people who share that experience,” he says. Of Brin’s constant agitation to reach for the biggest bets, he adds: “He’s always on the more extreme side, which is important.”
Now, moving beyond X, Page is experimenting with setting up freestanding business units with semi-independent leaders charged with building big new businesses under the wing of Google. Besides Calico, Google has revealed in recent days that these will include the “smart home” division Nest , as well as a new unit comprising its investments in internet access and energy. Google has also quickly emerged in the past two years as the biggest venture capitalist in Silicon Valley.
There is no model for the kind of company Google wants to become, says Page. But if there’s a single person who represents many of the qualities he thinks will be needed for the task ahead, then it’s famed investor Warren Buffett.
Sounding not at all like the idealistic young technologist who once spoke of brain implants that would answer questions by the power of thought, he says: “One thing we’re doing is providing long-term, patient capital.”
He is at an age where he can still afford to take the long view. But with an ambition that shows few bounds, patience may be another matter.
Richard Waters is the FT’s US West Coast editor
Photographs: David Black; Steve Jennings/WireImage; Getty; Reuters; Eyevine
-------------------------------------------

McConnell in pivotal fight for Senate prizeMcConnell in pivotal fight for Senate prize
Richard McGregor in Louisville
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa73e2d8-62a6-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian businesses should look at IT opportunities in OmanHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
‘Indian businesses should look at IT opportunities in Oman’
Amiti Sen / Navadha Pandey
Tweet
Oman and India have to look beyond oil, gas and food, and look at areas such as healthcare and IT to take bilateral relations to new highs, says Ali bin Masoud al Sunaidy, Minister for Commerce and Industry, Oman. Sunaidy is leading a delegation of top Omanese CEOs in India to discuss trade and investment with the Government and Indian businesses.
In an interview with BusinessLine on the sidelines of bilateral meetings organised by FICCI, the Sunaidy highlighted opportunities for greater cooperation between the two countries. Edited Excerpts:
Bilateral trade and investment flows between India and Oman have been rising steadily. What are the areas that need more focus?
Our trade stands at $6 billion annually and there are about 1,500 Indo-Omanese joint venture companies.
As many as 140 Indian-owned companies are active in our market and $1.25 billion has been invested by India so far. But that shouldn’t make us comfortable.
We shouldn’t be content with the idea that Oman will provide gas and fertiliser and India will provide food and perhaps more Indian workforce. We need to move forward, beyond that. In this particular visit we are focusing on areas such as logistics, health care, manufacturing and IT.
In the health sector, there are Indian companies looking out. What are the possibilities that Oman offers?
We think Indian hospitals are capable of connecting with us and there is a growing interest from them as well.
We are inviting intelligent and smart hospitals to use ICT for diagnosing patients in Oman. Following proper diagnosis, some of the operations and treatment can be done in India and some in Oman.
Apollo is already there in our country and is planning to expand. We are also in talks with other hospitals.
India is already exporting IT products to Oman. Is there scope for expansion?
India is extremely capable in IT and we are already extending our cooperation to the sector. However, if we could add to it the dimension of content management and content development, there could be manifold growth as we could target the entire Arab market, which is growing rapidly.
The Arabs consume a lot of content, both in the areas of entertainment and knowledge. I would like young and dynamic Indian businesses to look carefully at the opportunities and be more innovative.
What about the manufacturing sector?
We already have the Jindals in Oman producing steel and a loan was just sanctioned to expand their plant. It is a very good case study. Omanese gas can be used to make steel.
And the steel can come back to India to fuel industry. I think we will see more mineral-related activity in manufacturing from India.
India and the Gulf Cooperation Council countries have been working on a Free Trade Agreement, but it is taking time.
If the agreement is signed, it will open both for India and the Gulf more opportunities, as it will allow faster movement of goods and services. But until that is concluded, we (Oman) can’t sit idle.
We would like to look at possibilities of value addition and complementarity as opposed to competition.
(This article was published on November 2, 2014)
Related

Navy SEAL author back with new book  as firestorm still swirlsBy Dan Lamothe November 2 Follow @danlamothe
It’s a complicated time to be Matt Bissonnette, a Navy SEAL veteran who took part in the May 2, 2011, raid that killed terrorist leader Osama bin Laden in Pakistan.
“No Hero: The Evolution of a Navy SEAL,” is the follow-up book to the 2012 bestseller, “No Easy Day: The Firsthand Account of the Mission that Killed Osama bin Laden.” (Cover image courtesy Penguin Random House)
Also known as Mark Owen, his pen name, he remains under investigation by the federal government and under fire from fellow members of the Special Operations world for allegedly disclosing classified information in his bestselling 2012 book about the mission, “No Easy Day: The Firsthand Account of the Mission That Killed Osama Bin Laden.” The probe also may extend to things he has said in speeches, the New York Times reported Friday.
Nevertheless, Bissonnette is about to release a new book, “No Hero: The Evolution of a Navy SEAL.” The work is billed as a follow-up to “No Easy Day,” and focuses on missions and moments that didn’t make national news. It also has a crucial difference: The Pentagon vetted it before its publication, he said. Bissonnette didn’t go through that process the first time, leading to the legal quagmire he’s currently in.
“We did ‘No Easy Day,’ and as we all know that caused a huge firestorm,” Bissonnette said in a phone interview. “I never set out to not get it reviewed or do it the wrong way; I had the best of intentions. With the barrage that followed, it has been probably the toughest two years of my life.”
Bissonnette blames bad legal advice for not having the first book reviewed by the Defense Department to make sure no secrets were released, even hinting cryptically “that there is some stuff going on” when asked if he may pursue litigation against his former attorney, who has not been identified. But Special Operations troops have not all bought that argument, saying Bissonnette knew better and alleging that he was chasing a big paycheck . His book has sold more than 1 million hard copies, according to a source in book publishing with knowledge of its sales.
Bissonnette’s face has not been publicized, and he prefers to go by his pen name. Under threat from the Pentagon, he retreated from doing interviews shortly after the publication of “No Easy Day” two years ago when his real name was first publicized. But he has continued to maintain a public persona, interacting with fans through his Instagram account, @markowenseal , and some paid speaking engagements.
He also granted CBS’ “60 Minutes” an interview that was broadcast Sunday night. The network partially disguised his face and voice , in similar fashion to what it did in 2012 when it interviewed him.
Bissonnette said the new book does not go into the controversy that erupted after the publication of ‘No Easy Day.” He wanted to “stay away from the drama” and focus on lessons that he can pass on to readers, he said. He has continued to try and reach a settlement with the government, and remains frustrated about the uncertainty.
A general view of the final hiding place of al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in Abbottabad, Pakistan, on May 5, 2011. A book account of the raid that killed him there by Navy SEAL veteran Matt Bissonnette provoked anger from other Special Operations troops and the Pentagon, who say he disclosed sensitive information (Photo by ASIF HASSAN/AFP/Getty Images)
“It has taken two years, and here we are with all this kind of coming to a head,” he said. “It’s as big of a deal as it is right now because nothing has been done for two long years. So of course everyone wants to talk about it. There was no ending to the ‘No Easy Day’ piece before ‘No Hero’ was launched.”
The Pentagon press secretary, Rear Adm. John Kirby, said Friday that the investigation remains open, but declined to elaborate on what in Bissonnette’s first book led to it.
“I would challenge this assertion that, you know, ‘you guys are dogging him,’” Kirby said. “I mean, there’s an active investigation. And we don’t investigate, we or any other agency, investigate things lightly.”
Settlement talks were first reported by Foreign Policy magazine in July. While they were ongoing, he submitted “No Hero” for review by the Pentagon, and it took between six and nine months to complete, he said.
“They redacted a lot of it,” he said of the new book. “We appealed all of the redactions because we felt like we had justification for every single one to be cleared, and we won about 50 percent of the redactions.”
Bissonnette isn’t the only SEAL to disclose details about the bin Laden raid. In one example, a man who claims to be the one who shot the al-Qaeda chief was profiled by Esquire magazine in its March 2013 issue , sharing details about how the mission came together and voicing his frustration about losing retirement benefits.
Top Navy officials later said that “The Shooter,” as Esquire referred to him, was told he would lose his full retirement benefits by leaving the service before serving 20 years, but did so anyway. The Pentagon also said at the time that it was reviewing the story to see if classified information was disclosed in it, but would not confirm whether the individual profiled was the SEAL who killed bin Laden.
Fox News announced recently that it will air an interview with the Navy SEAL who killed bin Laden on Nov. 11 and 12, and identify him. The network did not say whether it is the same man in the Esquire piece, which reported that he feared becoming a target if he was identified.
Asked about the other SEAL, Bissonnette’s response was blunt.
“Not touching it with a 10-foot pole,” he said.
Adam Goldman contributed to this report.
Related on Checkpoint:

Bharti SoftBank picks stake in ScoopWhoopBharti SoftBank picks stake in ScoopWhoop
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Bharti Softbank (BSB), a joint venture between Bharti Enterprises and SoftBank Corp, has acquired equity stake in ScoopWhoop Media Private Limited.
ScoopWhoop is an India-focused entertainment media startup which creates and curates content that gets shared through social networks. Its website and mobile application clock approximately 20 million monthly page views and have over 8 million unique visitors each month. Over half of all the page views are accessed via smartphones.
BSB Portal Limited will have an effective stake of 36.5 per cent in ScoopWhoop.
Commenting on the partnership, Madhu Nori, CEO, BSB Portal Limited, said, “About half of India’s population are under 25 years old and the use of social networks with smartphones is growing rapidly among this segment. As a result, media consumption patterns are rapidly evolving and this space is ready for disruption."
BSB currently runs the Hike instant messaging platform.
India is the world’s second largest mobile market with over 900 million subscribers. According to the GSMA, India will become the second largest mobile broadband market globally within the next four years with 367 million mobile broadband connections by 2016.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

HSBC India manufacturing PMI inches up to 51.6 in OctModest recovery in October manufacturing activity
Shishir Sinha
Growth to get boost from farm sector next quarter, says HSBC’s PMI survey
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
After declining for two months, the manufacturing sector’s output inched up to 51.6 in October from 51 in September, according to an HSBC Purchasing Manager Index (PMI) survey.
This reflects the improvement in operating conditions. “Manufacturing activity picked up modestly amid stronger output and new order flows, particularly from overseas clients,” Frederic Neumann, Co-Head of Asian Economic Research at HSBC, said.
However, firms continued to trim purchases and refrained from aggressive inventory accumulation, Neumann said. Price pressures declined with input prices easing further. Meanwhile, the improvement in growth allowed firms to raise margins by increasing output prices slightly.
“This trend could strengthen with growth, which is why the RBI will remain cautious about relaxing its grip at this juncture,” he said.
The PMI is a measure of factory production and based on data compiled from monthly replies from purchasing executives of around 500 manufacturing companies to a questionnaire. A score above 50 shows expansion, while anything below 50 indicates a decline.
Sentiment booster
Though the improvement is modest, it is reassuring. With reforms picking up speed following the BJP’s successful show in recent State elections, sentiment and investment are expected to revive with vigour in the coming months. Besides, faster disinflation aided by a decline in oil prices is likely to lift real incomes and support growth down the line, through higher savings and consumption, the survey said.
It also said that the growth momentum will find support from agricultural output in the next quarter. The recovery of the monsoon following a weak start and its unusual extension should help farmers recover initial losses in output. Moreover, margin improvement, thanks to weaker commodity prices, will help firms de-leverage at a faster pace and allow them to reopen their wish list for capital expenditure.
Muted festival season
Commenting on the latest index number, Rohini Malkani of Citi said in a note that with the festival season over and second-quarter earnings results under way, the refrain from managements across sectors is that the festive season was a bit more muted than expected.
“Today’s data, coupled with core sector trends, reinforces our view that there is growth — but a full-fledged recovery is still some time away,” she said.
Now, all eyes are on industrial output (IIP) data for September, due to be released next week. “Given the slower core output (1.9 per cent in September versus 5.8 per cent in August) and continued production issues in a Chennai based cell phone plant, we expect IIP to stay subdued at 1 per cent in September (as against 0.4 per cent in August),” she said.
The up-tick in the IIP is largely on account of robust automobile production, she added.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Dollar strength drives commodity sell-offResurgent dollar set for sustained rally
Delphine Strauss and Michael Mackenzie
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e4952f56-632a-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold Plunges by Rs 200 on Weak Global CuesYou are here: Home Industries
Gold Plunges by Rs 200 on Weak Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 03, 2014 15:55 (IST)
SpiceJet Pilots Flocking to Other Airlines: Report
New Delhi: Gold prices plunged by Rs 200 to Rs 26,350 per 10 grams in the national capital on Monday, tracking a weak trend overseas and low demand from domestic jewellers and retailers.
Additionally, diversion of funds towards the record breaking domestic equity markets weighed on the precious metal prices, bullion traders said.
(Also read: Why gold prices may fall below Rs 25,000 )
Silver also eased by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg on reduced offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
A weakening trend in global markets where gold dropped to a four-year low after the Federal Reserve's decision to end its bullion-friendly bond-buying programme and a fall in demand from jewellers and retailers mainly led to the decline in gold and silver prices, they said.
Gold in Singapore, which normally set price trend on the domestic front, fell 1 per cent to $1,161.75 an ounce. Silver lost 2.4 per cent to $15.77 an ounce - the lowest since February 2010.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 200 each to Rs 26,350 and Rs 26,150 per 10 grams respectively. Sovereign followed suit and declined by Rs 100 to Rs 23,700 per piece of 8 grams.
In a similar fashion, silver ready declined by Rs 200 to Rs 36,050 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 460 to Rs 35,340 per kg.
Silver coins nosedived by Rs 1,000 to Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces following the end of festive season.
Story first published on: November 03, 2014 15:52 (IST)

Strong Dollar Squeezes Oil  China Data Limits Stock GainsYou are here: Home Commodities
Strong Dollar Squeezes Oil, China Data Limits Stock Gains
Reuters | Updated On: November 03, 2014 15:13 (IST)
Gold Weakens on Global Cues, Silver Falls on Reduced Offtake
London: The dollar powered to a seven-year peak against the yen and a two-year high against the euro on Monday, extending gains after the Bank of Japan's latest stimulus and punishing oil and gold priced in the US currency.
The BOJ's moves to lift growth and inflation raised expectations the European Central Bank, which meets on Thursday, would eventually resort to large-scale purchases of government bond, driving benchmark euro zone yields lower.
However, data showing China's economy losing momentum tempered investors' mood, weighing on global stocks.
China's services sector grew at its slowest pace in nine months, the National Bureau of Statistics said, as a cooling property sector weighed on demand.
Another official purchasing managers' index survey on Saturday showed factory activity in the world's second-largest economy unexpectedly fell to a five-month low in October as firms fought slowing orders and rising borrowing costs.
"The optimism created by the Bank of Japan by increasing their purchase of quantitative assets has been hit by the Chinese manufacturing data released today, which fell well short of expectations," Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at Ava Trade, said.
Final European manufacturing PMI data for October showed activity in France contracted by less than first reported while German factory activity rebounded after a slight shrinkage in September.
European shares dipped in early trade, pausing after sharp gains last week. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index was down 0.1 per cent at 0900 GMT.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan fell 0.5 per cent, off a five-week high hit after the Bank of Japan on Friday expanded its huge stimulus spending in a stark admission that growth and inflation had not picked up as expected after a sales tax hike in April.
Tokyo stocks, which rose more than 4 percent on Friday, were closed on Monday for a holiday.
On Wall Street, both the Dow Jones Industrial average and the S&P 500 saw record closing highs on Friday.
Strong dollar
The yen came within a shade of 113 to the dollar on Monday and was last down 0.4 per cent at 112.72.
"The big question is when is dollar/yen going to stop," said Jane Foley, a senior currency strategist at Dutch bank Rabobank in London.
"Part of the answer to that question lies not just with the Bank of Japan, but it lies with the Fed and the US dollar and so it depends how much momentum the dollar can draw."
The euro hit a low of $1.2439, its weakest in more than two years. It was last down 0.3 per cent at $1.2489.
The dollar touched highs not seen since mid-2010 versus a basket of currencies.
The strong dollar and the Chinese data helped push crude oil prices lower. Brent crude was last down 0.6 per cent at $85.33 a barrel.
Gold held close to four-year lows, also due to the strength of the US currency. It last traded at $1,168.80 an ounce.
The Chinese numbers gave safe-haven German government bonds a lift as European markets opened. Ten-year German yields fell 2.6 basis points to 0.823 per cent.
"There was a bit of risk aversion in overnight markets which is spilling over to the European open," said Rainer Guntermann, a strategist at Commerzbank.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Nifty Edges Higher to Keep Record Run IntactYou are here: Home Market
Nifty Edges Higher to Keep Record Run Intact
NDTV | Updated On: November 03, 2014 16:09 (IST)
NSE Nifty rose marginally to set a new closing high for the second consecutive day. The Nifty edged up 2 points to close at 8,324.15.
The other barometer for Indian markets, Sensex, however, edged down to close marginally lower.
Renewed buying from foreign institutional investors, announcement of reform measures and a rally in global markets have seen Nifty gain in 10 out of the previous 11 sessions.
On Friday, the announcement of the surprise stimulus measures from Bank of Japan saw Sensex and Nifty rally nearly 2 per cent. Besides that Indian markets have been seeing renewed buying from foreign institutional investors, who bought Rs 1,750 crore worth of domestic equities on Friday.
Gautam Shah, senior vice president at JM Financial Services, says the momentum is in favour of the bulls and Nifty could touch 8,450 in the short term. "The technical set-ups of the market at this point don't point out the market losing ground immediately," he adds. Mr Shah has a Nifty target of 8600 for the year-end.
Putting pressure on the Nifty was auto stocks which came under selling pressure after disappointing October sales from some automakers. Hero MotoCorp, M&M, Bajaj Auto and Maruti ended down between 1.5-3 per cent.
However, gains in banking, metal and realty stocks helped Nifty offset those losses. Some buying was seen in banking stocks, with Bank of Baroda and Axis Bank rising over 2 per cent.
Among realty stocks, DLF rose over 3 per cent. JSPL rose over 5 per cent to be the biggest gainer among Nifty stocks. Among other metal stocks, Sesa Sterlite rose over 2 per cent.
Asian markets ended lower today while European markets were lower in early trade.
(With Agency Inputs)

Sensex ends flat after hitting record highSensex ends flat after hitting record high
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
The Sensex and the Nifty snapped their four-day winning spree and ended near flat due to emergence of fresh selling in consumer durables and auto stocks amid weak European cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended at 27,860.38, down 5.45 points and the 50-share NSE index Nifty ended at 8,324.15, up 1.95 points.
Among BSE sectoral indices, consumer durables stocks fell the most by 1.48 per cent, followed by auto 0.88 per cent, PSU 0.23 per cent and oil & gas 0.21 per cent. On the other hand, realty index was the star-performer and was up 3.61 per cent, followed by banking 0.46 per cent, healthcare 0.37 per cent and capital goods 0.29 per cent.
SSLT, Axis Bank, HDFC, ICICI Bank and Infosys were the top five gainers among 30-share Sensex constituents, while the top five losers were GAIL, M&M, Coal India, Hero MotoCorp and Maruti.
Indian shares hit a third consecutive record high on Monday but the gains fizzled out later in the session, with both indexes ending flat as automakers such as Tata Motors declined after the monthly sales fell.
Earlier in the session, the sentiment had been supported by a continued rally in lenders such as ICICI Bank due to expectations that the Reserve Bank of India would cut interest rates as early as its next policy reviews in December or February.
Airlines stock surges
Shares of airline companies surged as state-run oil marketing companies slashed jet fuel prices, according to local media reports.
Fuel charges contribute to nearly one-third of an airline's operational expenses - analyst with a local brokerage said.
Jet Airways Ltd was up 3.53 per cent and SpiceJet gained 6.75 per cent.
Auto stocks skid
Shares of auto companies fell after the October sales numbers were below some analysts' estimates.
Hero MotoCorp fell 1.66 per cent and Mahindra and Mahindra was down 2.67 per cent. Maruti Suzuki India Ltd was down 1.58 per cent, while Tata Motors was down 0.84 per cent.
Maruti reported a 1.1 per cent fall in October sales, while Mahindra reported a 15 per cent fall in sales.
According to Kotak Securities, auto manufacturers reported weak despatches in October. "We believe automobile growth is likely to moderate to low-single digits over the next few months,'' it said.
A report by Equentis Capital said: "India’s economy is expected to continue its growth story intact in long-term. Liberalisation of Indian economy could open opportunities in service, infrastructure and manufacturing sectors. Positive efforts by the government in direction to make India as a better investment destination is clearly visible trying to keep foreign money in the country. Earlier growth-oriented tie-ups with other Asian and global countries by the government will surely help India to achieve better than expected economical growth in coming years."
Markets closed
Trading will be truncated this week as the stock market will remain closed tomorrow, November 4, on account of Muharram. Also, there will be no trading on Thursday on account of Gurunanak Jayanti.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth Rs 1,754.73 crore last Friday.
European shares
European stocks were down, after this year’s biggest weekly rally, as investors weighed an increase in mergers and acquisitions activity.
Stoxx 50 was down 7.43 points or 0.24 per cent at 3,105.89 and FTSE 100 was down 8.47 points or 0.13 per cent at 6,538.
Asian stocks slipped from a one-month high after gauges of China’s manufacturing and services industries showed signs of a broadening slowdown in the world’s second-largest economy.
On the macro front, disappointing surveys out of China's manufacturing and services sectors will weigh on investor sentiment.
Data showed China's economy lost further momentum heading into the fourth quarter as a cooling property market weighed on activity and export demand softened. However, a fresh dip in the euro against the dollar was set to reassure investors about the profit outlook for European exporters.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Activist investors set for tough seasonActivists leading hedge funds warm up for tough season ahead
Stephen Foley
Increase in showdowns likely but profit expectations are scaled back
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6252dcf6-633d-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maruti launches new Alto K10 priced up to 3.82 lakhprint
The country’s largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India Ltd (MSIL) on Monday launched an automatic version of its bestselling small car brand Alto K10 at a price of Rs. 3.80 lakh, making it India’s cheapest ungeared car.
MD & CEO Kenichi Ayukawa and Executive Director, Marketing & Sales RS Kalsi at the launch of Maruti Suzuki's next generation Alto K10 in New Delhi on Monday. Photo:PTI
Advertisement
The company also refreshed the entire line up of the K10 nameplate — the peppier version of the Alto — that accounts for nearly 40% of the brand’s annual 258,281 unit sales in 2013-14. The four geared versions of the car are priced between Rs. 3.06 lakh and Rs. 3.57 lakh. The CNG version of the car is priced at Rs. 3.82 lakh.
The ungeared version of the K10 uses the automatic manual transmission first launched by the firm in its small car Celerio earlier this year. The K10’s launch follows the success of the Celerio that surprised the company by the higher acceptance of the automatic version. It accounts for nearly 40% of Celerio’s overall sales.
“Alto K10 is the third Maruti Suzuki car within few weeks where our suppliers and engineers have improved the fuel efficiency substantially,” said Kenichi Ayukawa, MD and CEO, MSIL.
The petrol version of the car delivers a mileage of 24.07 km per litre while the CNG version has a fuel economy of 32.26 km per kg. The lone automatic or AGS variant has the same economy as its geared counterparts, one of the main reasons for its success in the Celerio.
The cars have been developed at a cost of ` 200 crore on the existing platform of the model by its engineers along with counterparts at parent Suzuki Motor Corp in Japan.
Launched in 2010, the Alto K10 has clocked cumulative sales of 4.3 lakh units in four years.

Saved by a call: the mystery of Anderson s escapeComments
Bhopal’s residents remembered former Union Carbide chief Warren Anderson , who died in Florida last month, as the man who escaped punishment for a 1984 poisonous gas leak that killed thousands, thanks to a phone call that secured his safe passage to the US.
Warren Anderson died at the age of 92. His death was not announced by his family.
Anderson was under house arrest when the call was made that gave him safe passage. Activists blamed the government for failing to secure extradition for the man responsible for the death of around 15,000 people, besides the many thousands who were maimed in one of the world’s worst industrial disasters.
“The very fact that we came to know about Anderson’s death one month after he actually died shows the seriousness of our intelligence agencies and the CBI towards his extradition,” said Abdul Jabbar, who works with the victims of the tragedy.
What also remains a mystery, 30 years after the tragedy, is who made the all-important call to the then Madhya Pradesh chief minister Arjun Singh directing him to let Anderson go, a decision that effectively ensured the Union Carbide chairman never had to face an Indian court for as long as he lived.
Singh, the only person who could have given an answer, passed away in 2011 after prolonged illness. In his autobiography, ‘A Grain of Sand in the Hourglass of Time’, he named Union home secretary RD Pradhan, who, he said, called him “on the instructions of the then Union home minister PV Narasimha Rao”.  
But Pradhan denied the allegation, saying that he was chief secretary of Maharashtra at that time and became home secretary in January 1985, a month after the tragedy.
Madhya Pradesh police arrested Anderson as soon as he landed in Bhopal on December 7, 1984, four days after the disaster, and whisked him away from the airport to the Carbide guest-house where he was kept under house arrest.
Read: Gas tragedy villain Anderson dead, Bhopal celebrates
“The government has done its duty to thousands of citizens whose lives have been devastated by the criminal negligence of Union Carbide,” the state government declared.
The corporate world, from the Danbury headquarters of Union Carbide to Delhi, was shocked. Anderson had travelled to India after receiving assurances of safe passage.
Singh was at an election rally in interior Madhya Pradesh, when he received the call and immediately asked his officials to release the American.
Three hours later, Anderson was released on a personal bond of Rs. 25,000, put on a state government plane and flown to New Delhi.
Read: Gas survivors distribute sweets on Anderson's death
“Normally a person is detained in a police station for interrogation but Anderson was kept in the plush guest house of his own company and later was flown back to Delhi. The superintendent of police and district collector escorted him to the airport,” said journalist Lalit Shastri, who reported on the incident.
In his bond, Anderson promised to return to India to stand trial in the case whenever summoned. He never did.
Senior journalist Rajkumar Keswani, who had written on the lurking danger much before the tragedy occurred, told HT that as a loyalist of the Gandhi family, Arjun Singh may have not been frank about who called him.

Infy pulls out of new development centre project in BengaluruInfosys pulls out of new development centre proj in Bengaluru
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 3, 2014  | 18:33 IST
Country's second-largest software services firm Infosys has pulled out of the proposed software development centre project to be set up near Bengaluru citing lack of infrastructure in India's 'Silicon Valley'.
It has also asked the Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board (KIADB) to refund the deposit for land it has paid. Infosys has taken the step citing lack of infrastructure at the 1,000-acre IT park to pursue its business plans.
"The company has conveyed its intention to surrender the land citing lack of infrastructure," Infosys said in a regulatory filing.
Further, Infosys has reiterated that this does not in any way affect the operations or performance of the company, it added.
The Bengaluru-based firm had plans to build a development centre on 100 acres at the Devanahalli IT Park. Its main campus at Electronic City in Bengaluru has 26,000 seats.
Infosys had proposed setting up a 20,000-seat facility at the new campus, according to its original proposal to the government. In June 2010, KIADB allotted 40 acres to Infosys, which requested for an additional 60 acres.
Infosys, however, decided to exit after it noticed dismal progress on the infrastructure front.

Sandy Huffaker / Getty Imagessandy huffaker / getty images
Bank of Japan action sees dollar surge past 113 yen for first time in seven yearsDollar surges on strong U.S. jobs data, more room to rise
By Daniel Bases, Reuters
Finance Federal Reserve Mario Draghi Stanley Fischer European Central Bank
The U.S. dollar reached fresh multiyear highs on Friday after a stronger-than-forecast November U.S. jobs report increased expectations the Federal Reserve may begin raising interest rates sooner than previously thought.
Employers added the most workers in nearly three years in November and wages rose, the latest U.S. employment report showed. Nonfarm payrolls increased by 321,000, better than forecasts for an increase of 230,000. The unemployment rate held steady at a six-year low of 5.8 percent.
8
Earlier this week U.S. central bank officials such as New York Fed President William Dudley and Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer made comments that pointed toward rate increases in response to stronger U.S. economic figures, maintaining a focus on what the data showed.
"The Fed already indicated that they were shifting. The comments from Dudley and Fischer earlier this week suggested they were beginning to think seriously about normalizing (policy) and this would make them think even more seriously, that they should be thinking about H1 (first half of the year) versus H2," said Steven Englander, global head of G10 foreign exchange strategy at CitiFX.
0
Friday's jobs data pulled market expectations for the Fed to start tightening monetary policy back toward mid-2015 from September.
Interest rate futures contracts now show that traders see about a 53 percent chance for a July 2015 hike, based on the CME FedWatch program. That is more in line with last month's Reuters poll of economists who see the first rate increase in June of next year.
"The trend is pretty good. Now comes the second-guessing in the market. It brings concerns that the Fed might look to raise earlier than some people had expected. I don't think anyone should fear the Fed right now," said Scott Brown, chief economist at Raymond James in St. Petersburg, Florida. Brown said the increase could be seasonal but there is optimism heading into 2015.
Rising U.S. interest rates would be in stark contrast to the euro zone and Japan, where monetary policy is moving in the opposite direction. The pattern would increase the yield advantage for investors holding U.S. dollar-denominated assets.
"We think dollar/yen could hit 125 yen before the end of 2014. But then it is going to stabilize. We think that the good news will be priced in at that stage," said Englander, who added the euro has more to fall, perhaps reaching $1.20 before the end of the year and plumbing lows of $1.12 to $1.15 in 2015.
In late afternoon New York trade, the dollar traded at 121.42 yen, a gain of 1.37 percent but off a high of 121.68 yen, the strongest level since mid-2007.
The euro fell 0.70 percent to $1.2290. In the immediate trading after the payrolls data the euro slid to $1.2271, its weakest since mid-August 2012.
On Thursday, European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the central bank would decide early next year whether to take fresh action to revive the economy. Draghi also said any decision by the bank's Governing Council need not be unanimous to begin quantitative easing measures, including buying of sovereign bonds in an effort to spur borrowing and investment.
Some in the market were disappointed Draghi did not find an even more explicit way of moving the bank closer to outright quantitative easing.
But his language, and a veiled warning that opposition from German policymakers would not stand in the way of the governing council acting if need be, pointed towards the launch of bond-buying in the first quarter.
"Taking on board likely further falls in headline HICP (inflation), Draghi's comments give succour to the idea that further policy moves are coming at the next couple of meetings," said London-based Gavin Friend, senior markets strategist at National Australia Bank.
The U.S. dollar index hit a peak of 89.467 <.DXY>, its highest since early March 2009, up 0.86 percent on the day.
The slide in crude oil prices to below $66 a barrel  continued to undermine the Norwegian crown. At one point the dollar advanced 1.75 percent to 7.1793 crowns , its strongest since March 2009. It traded late at 7.1263 crowns, for a 1 percent gain on the day.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York, Ann Saphir in San Francisco, and Patrick Graham in London.; Editing by Toby Chopra, Jeffrey Benkoe and Meredith Mazzilli)

SUUTI receives 7 bids for ETF fund manager m...You are here: Home > Collections
SUUTI receives 7 bids for ETF fund manager mandate
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 07.08PM IST
Tags:
Birla Sun Life MF
(As government seeks to raise…)
NEW DELHI: As government seeks to raise Rs 15,000 crore by sale of residual stakes in ITC, L&T and Axis Bank, it has received seven bids from fund houses for managing an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) created for this purpose.
The Government of India holds these shares - 11.27 per cent in ITC, 8.18 per cent in L&T and 11.66 per cent in Axis Bank - through Specified Undertaking of UTI (SUUTI).
While ICICI Securities has been appointed as advisor for selection of a fund house for managing an ETF for monetising these SUUTI shares, sources said that at least seven bids have been received for the mandate.
The bidders include SBI Mutual Fund , UTI MF , Reliance Asset Management Management , ICICI Prudential MF , Kotak MF , Birla Sun Life MF , and a consortium of Edelweiss and Sundaram Mutual Funds.
The government had sold 9 per cent stake in Axis Bank held through SUUTI in March this year through the bulk deal on the stock exchanges. Formed in 2003, SUUTI is an offshoot of the erstwhile UTI (Unit Trust of India).
The proposed ETF will serve as an additional mechanism for the government to monetise its shareholdings in SUUTI and other selected CPSEs that eventually form part of the ETF basket.
The last date for submitting bids to SUUTI was October 28. According to sources, one fund manager would be selected out of these seven bids.
As per the bid documents, the ETF could be launched as a New Fund Offer (NFO) followed by further tranches and/or a tap structure, and SUUTI and government may provide appropriate discount for different investors, in the form of a suitable mix of upfront and back-end loyalty discount.
The proposed ETF will be launched as a close-ended structure, it said.
In March, the government had successfully launched the ETF comprising shares of 10 PSUs. The ETF has registered handsome gains since its launch.
The government proposes to raise Rs 15,000 crore in the current fiscal through sale of residual stakes in private companies. It plans to raise Rs 43,425 crore through stake sale in PSUs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nissan  Honda  Chrysler Report US Sales IncreasesThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Bank of India net up 26% in Sept quarterBank of India net up 26% on stable income
Our Bureau
Talking numbers: Bank of India Chairperson and MD VR Iyer and Executive Director BR Sharma at a press conference in Mumbai. -PAUL NORONHA
Mumbai, Nov 3:  
State-run lender Bank of India reported a 26 per cent rise in net profit for the three-month period ending September 2014 at Rs 786 crore aided by stable interest income, loan book and better recoveries.
Net interest income (NII -- difference between interest earned and interest expended) increased 20 per cent at Rs 3,031 crore, while non-interest income declined by 9 per cent to Rs 1,006 crore.
Net interest margins (NIM) improved to 2.31 per cent from 2.29 per cent a year-ago on the back of stronger international growth at 1.32 per cent from 1.02 per cent)
“Our NII and NIM improved primarily due to focus on recoveries and upgradations,” said VR Iyer, Chairperson and Managing Director, Bank of India.
The bank made recoveries and upgradations of about Rs 2,880 crore in the first half of this fiscal, higher than that of entire last year.
During the quarter, a write back from depreciation on investments helped lower the bank’s provisioning by 9 per cent to Rs 1,350 crore from Rs 1,481 crore in the year-ago period.
As on September end 2014, domestic advances grew 15 per cent to Rs 2.69 lakh crore driven by healthy growth in agriculture, retail and micro, small and medium sector loans. Domestic deposits rose 20 per cent on the back of healthy retail growth.
However, asset quality of the bank worsened with gross non-performing assets (NPAs) as a percentage of total advances grew to 3.54 per cent as on September 30, 2014 as compared with 2.93 per cent as on September last year.
“Asset quality will show signs of recovery after 2 quarters…We have not witnessed any uptick in credit demand as corporates are still deleveraging…It will take about a year or so for the government measures to impact the banking and financial sector,” Iyer said.
Giving the guidance, Iyer said the bank expects a loan growth of 14-15 per cent, NIM will be stable at 2.75 per cent and gross and net NPA at an “ambitious 3 per cent and 2 per cent”.
The bank will be raising $750 million from overseas under its MTN programme for a period of about 5 years under its headroom of $5 billion.
The bank has also set up merchant banking unit and will start operations within a month.
After falling ahead of the results, Bank of India shares ended marginally higher at Rs 285.95 per share, 0.2 per cent over the previous close on BSE.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Rupee Ends Little Changed at 61.40You are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends Little Changed at 61.40 Against Dollar
Reuters | Updated On: November 03, 2014 18:40 (IST)
Rupee Ends Higher at 61.88 After RBI Policy Review
Mumbai: The rupee ducked the fall in Asian currencies to end little-changed on Monday, as continued foreign fund flows offset nervousness about a weakening Chinese economy and the dollar's strength after the Bank of Japan's stimulus announcement.
In recent sessions, falls in the rupee have been capped after continued strong foreign inflows helped send domestic shares to consecutive record highs and 10-year bond yields to more than 14-month highs.
Global factors, including the European Central Bank policy meeting on Thursday and the US monthly jobs data on Friday, will likely determine the rupee's direction. Adding to the caution in positions, local markets will be closed on Tuesday and Thursday for holidays.
"India is one of the biggest beneficiaries of the yen carry-trade," said Anindya Banerjee, a currency analyst at Kotak Securities.
"On the day when the yen fell the most, it is obvious that the rupee will relatively be the better performer among Asian currencies."
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.40/41 per dollar, almost the same as its Friday close of 61.3950/4050. Markets will be closed on Tuesday and Thursday for local holidays.
Domestic data showing a modest pickup in Indian factory activity in October, according to the HSBC Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), failed to have much of an impact.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.59/69, while the three-month contract was at 62.19/29.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Banks should follow standard methods  not unilateral Telangana directivesBanks should follow standard methods, not unilateral Telangana directives
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov. 3:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government has requested the banks to ensure that handling the finances of Government of AP and the funds of Institutions in VII, IX and X schedules are conducted as per the provisions of the AP Reorganisation Act, 2014.
A circular issued by the Secretary to Government (Budget) issued today said that the provisions of the Act are binding on both the Governments of AP and Telangana.
It said the direction of the Telangana Government that the Bankers should go through the Act and interpret those provisions and act accordingly, is farfetched, the circular said.
The banks as per the statute have to act on the instructions of the officers of the body corporate who are authorised to issue instructions and they are not expected to take cognizance of any other instructions from anybody other than the person authorised to transact with the bank, the circular said.
The circular said “It needs no reiteration that all transactions relating to public finances must be conducted in accordance with the standard banking procedures and cannot be subjected to unilateral directives of Telangana Government.”
All actions of the State of AP and its entities are and will continue to be governed by the provisions of the AP State Reorganisation Act, 2014, where ever applicable. All actions taken by the bankers in response to the instructions given by the officers authorised by the entities will be supported in full measure the Government assured.
The circular further said that the Banks may refer to the AP Finance Department in case they require any information and clarification in this regard.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Engineers lured back to fix skills crunch© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c028f9a-2df4-11e4-8346-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Levy hitting housebuilding  study findsLevy hitting UK housebuilding, study finds
Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a353a06-60fe-11e4-894b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RJio applies for network test before 4G launchReliance Jio applies for network test before 4G launch
By PTI | 3 Nov, 2014, 07.41PM IST
Gearing up for its pan-India 4G services launch in coming months, RJio Infocomm has approached the DoT for a network test conducted along with security agencies
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Gearing up for its pan-India 4G services launch in coming months, Reliance Jio Infocomm has approached the Department of Telecom for a network test conducted along with security agencies.
"Reliance Jio has written to DoT to start test of legal interception and monitoring solution in its network across circles which is conducted along with security agencies and is mandatory before launch of telecom services," an official source told PTI.
Reliance Jio did not immediately comment on the matter. Mukesh Ambani-led RJio has plans to start 4G services across most of the telecom circles by March 2015.
Reliance Industries has already announced that it will launch commercial 4G telecom service of RJio in 2015 entailing investment of Rs 70,000 crore.
RJio will initially cover about 5,000 towns and cities accounting for over 90 per cent of urban India, as well as over 215,000 villages in India and the target is to expand this to over 600,000 villages.
RJio in only company which hold pan-India broadband wireless access spectrum that can be used for 4G services.
As per rules, 2015 is last year for all companies who won BWA spectrum to roll out the services in at least 90 per cent of the service areas, failing which the DoT will have the right to withdraw the radiowaves.
RJio, Aircel, Airtel, Tikona Digital and Augere Mauritius won BWA spectrum in mid-2010. Airtel and Aircel have partially launched 4G services using BWA airwaves.
RJio also acquired spectrum in 1800 Mhz band, widely known as 2G spectrum, for Rs 11,054.41 crore in February across 14 out of 22 service areas in country. The company has said it will use these radiowaves also for 4G services.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

India  US to expand cooperation in Asia and ...India, US sign document to expand cooperation in Asia and Africa
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 07.42PM IST
Tags:
Africa
(The document, inked after…)
NEW DELHI: India and the US today signed the Statement of Guiding Principles on Triangular Cooperation for Global Development which provides a framework for promoting greater cooperation in addressing development challenges in Asia and Africa .
The document, inked after nearly three months of fifth Indo-US Strategic Dialogue, helps fulfil the joint commitment of both nations to work together and leverage their combined capacities to provide demand-driven cooperation firmly rooted in third country leadership, a US Embassy release said here.
The Statement was signed by Kumar Tuhin, Joint Secretary in Development Partner Administration in MEA and John A Beed, Mission Director for the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) in India.
"Both India and the US will continue to collaborate closely with third country partners to strengthen institutions and build capacity. Initial efforts include continued training for African government, private sector and academic professionals in food processing and expanding collaboration for women's empowerment.Public-private partnerships may also be established that complement government-led initiatives and optimise overall impact," the release said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GM Sales Rise Slightly on Pickup Truck GainsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Congress expels Vasan after he resigns from partyCongress expels Vasan after he resigns from party
PTI
Former Union Minister G K Vasan
New Delhi, Nov 3:  
Hours after former Union Minister G K Vasan announced his resignation, Congress today “expelled” him, in an action aimed at demonstrating that the party would not tolerate rebellion.
Vasan was shown the door after he targetted the AICC over the way the leadership handled the affairs of the Tamil Nadu unit and allegedly ignored the merit of leaders.
At the AICC briefing, party spokesman Ajoy Kumar said that Vasan has been “expelled” with immediate effect for his “inappropriate” statements.
Congress general secretary Mukul Wasnik told reporters that parting of ways by Vasan could not be considered a split in the Tamil Nadu unit as the “majority” of the leaders and the cadres are with the party.
Wasnik, in charge of party affairs in the state, debunked all the charges and claims made by Vasan while quitting the party and planning to start a new outfit.
The Congress general secretary also rejected suggestions that Vasan’s parting of ways was reflective of the weakness of the central leadership of the party in the wake of the debacle in the Lok Sabha polls. Congress had scored a duck in Tamil Nadu during the Lok Sabha elections in May.
“It is a reflection on the individual concerned. When Congress was in power, he remained with the Congress and enjoyed power and when the party lost in the Lok Sabha elections,.....he is leaving,” he said.
“I am not aware of any single reason (for the parting of ways by Vasan). He has enjoyed all respect within party. He was Minister in the UPA government and was an important leader of the party in Tamil Nadu”, Wasnik said as he dismissed as “just baseless” all the accusations of Vasan.
He accused Vasan of “spreading absolute falsehood” on the issue of allowing photos of Kamraj and G K Moopanar on the membership cards. Wasnik said the action was taken against Vasan as it has not received any resignation from him.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

MNCs  other organisations back India s IP re...You are here: Home > Collections > Pepsico
MNCs ,other organisations, like Pepsi, IPA back India's IP regime
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 08.19PM IST
Tags:
India
(In its submission to  US…)
NEW DELHI: Multinational organisations including PepsiCo and industry associations like IPA , have come in favour of India's intellectual property regime, which is being reviewed by the US administration.
In its submission to the US Trade Representative, Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (IPA) said complaints against the Indian patent regime ought to be viewed in the light of the overall record.
Between January 2005 and 10 October 2014, India has granted 1,039 patents to domestic companies, while 3,575 patents have been granted to foreign firms, it said.
"We urge the USTR to take note of the global recognition of the attractiveness of India as destination of FDI, the willingness to engage in dialogue to remove impediments to FDI, the making of IP policy and its implementation and evolving jurisprudence; to recognize the concerted efforts being made to improve the functioning of the Indian Patent Office," it added.
PepsiCo said that it has been successful in working with Indian government to secure and enforce its IPR.
"We applaud the substantial steps India has taken over the 25 years that PepsiCo has had a significant presence in India to improve the ability to seek and enforce IPR," the company said.
However, it added that the annual requirement of the filing of evidence to meet this requirement is an extra administrative burden and expense that PepsiCo does not experience in other jurisdictions.
Industry chamber CII and Ficci have said that India should be removed from the USTR's watch list.
"India is an active advocate of the policies and strategies of the WTO and WIPO. The allegation levelled tagging India as a "bad actor" in WTO and WIPO is incorrect. On the contrary, India always tries to engage constructively in these organizations, exploring solutions to intricate problems and trying to build a consensus," Ficci said.
The Indian policy framework has always worked within the paradigm of international mandates, it added.
However, drug major Bayer has said that it is concerned about decisions taken by the Indian government and courts that have created a pattern and undermining IP protections.
Bayer strongly urged the US government to seek commitments from the new Indian government that India would not issue a compulsory license under Section 84 of Indian Patent Act without prior dialogue with the patent holder.
"...India's policies are not designed to broaden access to medicines so as to achieve better outcomes for its population," it said.
The USTR's 'Out-of-Cycle' Review follows the 2014 Special 301 Report that came out in April, in which the USTR had placed India on the 'Priority Watch List'.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nielsen teams with Adobe to rate the webNielsen Teams With Adobe to Rate the Web
TV ratings giant targets cord-cutters with new initiative.
Tyler Wells Lynch
November 03, 2014
You probably know Nielsen as the creator of the most widely used TV ratings system in America—a system that’s almost old enough to collect social security. But with cable and broadcast TV on the way out, that system is becoming increasingly antiquated.
Now Nielsen has revealed its play for relevance in the internet age, announcing a strategic partnership with Adobe. The two companies will measure viewership of pretty much everything on the internet, from streaming video to news articles.
The future of TV is online. It’s no surprise advertisers want to know what cord-cutters are watching.
According to Nielsen’s press release , the new ratings will be the “industry’s first comprehensive, cross-platform system for measuring online TV, video, and other digital content.”
The venture will combine Nielsen’s familiar audience measurement systems with Adobe’s digital analytics and online TV delivery platforms, respectively called Analytics and Primetime.
Customers (primarily advertisers) will have access to metrics that assess audience viewership and participation across all internet-connected devices—desktops, smartphones, tablets, gaming consoles, set-top boxes, and other streaming gadgets.
“This alliance is expected to accelerate the adoption of consistent and comprehensive measurement in digital,” said Megan Clarken, EVP of global product leadership at Nielsen, in a statement . “By integrating our technologies, together we’ll be able to offer our customers a more seamless and efficient way to plan and deliver against their audiences.”
RELATED: Netflix Says 4K Streaming Will Change Web Video Forever
The timing of the announcement couldn't be better, as more and more television networks are jumping into the streaming game. HBO recently caused a stir when it announced that standalone HBO Go subscriptions will arrive early next year. A day later, CBS unveiled plans for its own streaming service, and Starz has suggested it will followe suit.
Clearly, the future of TV is online. It’s no surprise that advertisers want accurate metrics for what cord-cutters are actually watching.
Google Chromecast HDMI Streaming Media Player
How does this work?
Reviewed.com offers the ability to purchase products through our affiliate programs with retail partners. While we earn a small percentage of the sale, make no mistake that our ethics policy is strongly enforced here, too. You can buy products that have received both positive and negative reviews, because we realize that there's a right product for everyone.
Be in the know! Get Reviewed.com news and reviews straight to your inbox.
Thanks for signing up!

Clariant Chemicals reports Rs 1.32 cr loss in Q2clariant chemicals reports rs 1.32 cr loss in q2
Alstom ex-India MD out on bail in Delhi Metro bribery caseAlstom ex-India MD out on bail in Delhi Metro bribery case
IIFL Holdings allots equity sharesiifl holdings allots equity shares
Kiss of Love: CPI(M) alleges police biasKiss of Love: CPI(M) alleges police bias
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kochi, November 3:  
The day after the aborted ‘Kiss of Love’ protest against moral policing in Kochi on Sunday, the CPI(M) Polit Bureau member and State Secretary Pinarayi Vijayan has alleged that the police shielded the “communalists” who unleashed violence.
Vijayan said in a Facebook post that the police adopted amazing double standards in dealing with the kiss protesters and with those who had come armed to sabotage the event. It was the violence by the anti-protest activists that had created a tense situation at the Marine Drive venue, he said.
He noted that when someone adopts a novel way of protest there could be supporters and opponents to the method. Both are allowed in our country. But the police tried to protect those who had come to sabotage the agitation with weapons and provocative slogans. It was with the “full support” of the police that the anti-protest activists, who included communalists, who went on a rampage, Vijayan alleged.
However, Home Minister Ramesh Chennithala on Monday claimed that the police had not made any mistake in dealing with the situation. Only routine crowd-control measures had been taken, he said and asserted that the government would not block any form of protest as long as it remained peaceful.
Meanwhile, Kochi Police Commissioner claimed that the police had not resorted to baton-charge. The police had only got the crowds dispersed in view of the possibility of confrontations and violence, he said.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

Krishnapatnam Port inaugurates Mechanised Coal Handling SystemKrishnapatnam Port inaugurates ‘Mechanised Coal Handling System’
V Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov.3:  
Krishnapatnam Port has inaugurated ‘Mechanised Coal Handling system’ in the presence of Nitin Jairam Gadkari, Union Minister of Shipping and Transport.
This move increases efficiency of port operations.
The two TRF ship-unloaders, each with a capacity of 1500 tonnes capacity per hour have been added. This mechanised system would facilitate quick unloading of coal through the ship unloaders and conveyed through a conveyor system which has a capacity of 3,000 tonnes per hour that can directly transport cargo to its destination.
According to the port, this would enhance the berth productivity to 12 million tonnes per annum, eliminating all intermediary supply chain/logistics costs ensuring quality, zero handling loss and faster evacuation of cargo. This automation is slated to phase out all the existing multi-handling and manual operation system.
Anil Yendluri, Director & CEO, Krishnapatnam Port Company Limited, said "We look forward to commissioning a few more ship unloaders making the cargo handling at our port completely mechanized."
Krishnapatnam Port handles various types of coal from coking coal, met coke, pet coke and thermal coal. It is expecting a 50 per cent revenue growth for this fiscal year. During, FY 2013-14, the total cargo handled was 25 million tons out of which 20 million tons was the coal import contribution.
KPCL forecasts it’s volumes to cross 40 million tons in the current financial year. Several power companies are currently building coal-fired electricity generating units in and around Krishnapatnam with a capacity that is likely to go upto 15,000 MW.
These power plants cumulatively would be importing at least 70 MTPA of their coal requirement through Krishnapatnam port.
The port Master Plan incorporates 42 berths with a total quay length of 12.5 km and a draft of 22 meters, capable of handling 300,000 DWT super capsize vessels.
The port has witnessed a total investment of nearly $ 1 Billion till date, meeting the global standards in providing world-class service and facilities.
Krishnapatnam port is expected to become a hub for industrialisation and coal imports are surging with an expectation to hit 100 MTPA in the next 10 years.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related

EU leaders weigh Greece exit from bailoutEU leaders weigh plan for Greek exit from bailout
Peter Spiegel in Brussels and Kerin Hope in Athens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b01ba96-6357-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mexicos security crisis: what is the private sector supposed to doSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

All say no to govt  Delhi heads for fresh pollsPrint
The National Capital Territory of Delhi is a Union Territory administered through a lieutenant governor (LG).
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 4, 2014 5:03 am | Updated: November 4, 2014 11:31 am
Delhi appears to be headed for assembly elections with the BJP declining Lt Governor Najeeb Jung’s invitation to form the government, and both the Congress and AAP favouring immediate polls to end the eight-month-long political uncertainty.
Indications are that Jung, who met leaders of the three political parties — Satish Upadhyay and Jagdish Mukhi of BJP, Haroon Yusuf of Congress and AAP’s Arvind Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia — on Monday, may send his recommendation to the President for dissolving the assembly any time. “All the above parties expressed their inability to form the government. The Lt Governor would be sending his report to the Hon’ble President,” a Raj Niwas release said.
The LG held consultations in the wake of the Supreme Court putting the issue on fast track and giving him time till November 11 to explore the possibility of forming a government. The court was hearing AAP’s petition seeking early dissolution of the assembly, which has been under suspended animation since February.
Sources in the BJP said the decision to decline Jung’s invitation to form the government was taken at a meeting of top central leaders of the party on Sunday. The party felt it should go for polls and cash in on Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s popularity and the enthusiasm among its cadres following victories in the Maharashtra and Haryana assembly elections.
The sources said Modi was in favour of polls and the RSS had also conveyed its view that the party should not form a government adopting any “unfair means”. Upadhyay said the BJP conveyed its stand to Jung.
Delhi BJP general secretary Ramesh Bidhuri said the party was confident of getting a clear mandate when elections are held. “We are confident of getting 47 seats. The people of Delhi have seen the AAP government and will not support it again,” he said.
Meanwhile, the AAP also welcomed the development saying “collective desire, will and vigilance of people have won over politics of immoral manipulations and unethical arrangements.”
“In last eight months, every effort was made to “buy” our MLAs. They withstood all pressures and lived up to people’s expectations. Salute to them,” Kejriwal tweeted. In another tweet, he said, “Finally…congratulations to the people of Delhi.”
The Congress reiterated its demand for holding the Delhi polls with the elections in Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir.
Currently, the BJP, along with ally Akali Dal’s lone MLA, has 29 legislators and would require the support of five more MLAs to prove majority in the 67-member Assembly.
(Source: PTI inputs)

#AlexFromTarget Hashtag Spawns These Silly Parody AccountsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

US Stocks Edge Slightly Lower After Record RunThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Hyundai  Kia to Pay Fine for Overstating Mileagehyundai  kia to pay fine for overstating mileage
Pace of US factory activity picks up in OctoberPace of US factory activity picks up in October
Airtel to hike postpaid rentals by about 12Airtel to hike postpaid rentals by about 12
Existing foreign trade policy may continue till 2014-endExisting foreign trade policy may continue till 2014-end
Amiti Sen
DGFT wants formal notification to end policy uncertainty
New Delhi, November 3:  
The Government is examining the option of extending the existing Foreign Trade Policy (FTP) till the end of the calendar year to address uncertainties faced by exporters due to delay in the new policy.
The Directorate General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) has floated an internal proposal to officially notify extending the existing FTP provisions till December 31. “The proposal will be examined by the Commerce Minister who will take a call on the matter. She may discuss it with the Finance Minister,” a Commerce Ministry official told BusinessLine.
“Uncertainty over the new Foreign Trade Policy should be removed as exporters are in a dilemma about doing their costing while contracting for new orders,” Federation of Indian Export Organisations chief Rafeeque Ahmed recently said in an official release.
The delay has worried exporters as they are unsure about the fate of the existing export incentive schemes which give them a competitive edge in the global market. Concessions given by the Government are woven into the prices offered by exporters to their buyers.
Although most of the existing incentive schemes, like the focus product and focus market schemes, will anyway continue till a new policy is announced, a formal extension of the schemes will give exporters the confidence that the situation will not change before the given date.
“If the existing schemes are extended till December 31, exporters are assured that even if changes are brought about in the new policy in the interim period, those would be applicable only in the new calendar year,” the official said.
Although FTPs are usually announced soon after the Union Budget is presented, the BJP Government, which assumed power in May, has not yet been able to do so.
Heavy work agenda of Commerce Minister (independent charge) Nirmala Sitharaman, who is also the junior minister for Finance and Corporate Affairs, coupled with elections in a number of States, have resulted in the delay.
The FTP to be announced by the Government will include both an annual plan and a five-year long-term policy. It will focus on lowering transaction costs and reducing paper work, in addition to encouraging exports of labour-intensive commodities to newer markets such as Russia, Brazil and China. Exports of services will also get a leg-up.
The Commerce Ministry is trying to rationalise export promotion schemes to avoid overlaps and ensure that sectors in need of support get incentivised.
(This article was published on November 3, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Irish beef set to overcome mad cow bansIrish beef set to overcome ‘mad cow’ bans
Lucy Hornby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9f47544-636c-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

To honk or not to honkThe Quora Column | 30 October 2014
To honk or not to honk?
By  Chris Neiger
Read more about these links.
Going nowhere fast in Xi An, China. (ChinaFotoPress/Getty Images)
Cultural variance makes visiting other countries both exhilarating and challenging. Some differences are intensified when adding a country's driving habits into the mix.
Related
But what exactly do these driving deviations look like for two common functions: honking the horn and flashing headlights? BBC Autos sifted through responses on Quora.com , the question and answer community, for first-hand perspectives from across the globe.
Honking is not just about displeasure
When it comes to the horn, usage is rampant worldwide even if the reasons for sounding off vary. Quora user Jan Leadbetter wrote, "Honking the horn in England is a sign of the honker's discontent, or road rage, take your pick."
Americans may be able to relate, but maybe not as much as drivers in India. Tamanna A Shaikh said, "In India, honking is used very liberally. Imagine a noisier, angrier New York City where everyone is driving like a cab driver." She added that in such conditions, “honking is used mainly to ask the driver ahead to move over or drive faster."
Sabarish Bharadwaj elaborates, noting that honking in India is a big – and sometimes the only – way to communicate with other drivers. "We don't stop or slow down at intersections, we honk (or just flash the beams at night),” he wrote. “If there's another vehicle coming to the intersection, they respond with their horn, and then you slow down."
But not all drivers are quick to communicate through the steering wheel. Stewart Alsop , who claims to have ridden motorcycles all over the world, said that in Bangkok, Thailand, there's virtually no horn-honking. "Even though Bangkok traffic jams often last hours in the dreadful heat and humidity, you almost never hear anyone honking a horn. It is considered incredibly rude to honk your horn unless it is absolutely necessary."
To flash or not to flash?
Just as horn usage varies by country, drivers around the world aren't satisfied with using headlights just to illuminate the roadway.
UK drivers are only supposed to flash their headlights to make other drivers aware of their presence. According to Gov.uk , "Only flash your headlights to let other road users know that you are there. Do not flash your headlights to convey any other message or intimidate other road users."
That differs from driving norms in South Africa. According to the country’s driving laws, it is acceptable for a driver who wants to pass another vehicle to flash headlights to communicate the intention of overtaking. Quora user Terence Afer says that once the passing is complete, etiquette compels the overtaking car “to flash the emergency indicators as a 'thank you.'" The overtaken then flashes high beams to acknowledge receipt of the thanks.
Trevor Best says Australian drivers use headlights to warn drivers if something is wrong with the oncoming car – a burned-out headlight bulb, for example. "Some people also use it to warn that some unexpected speed-detection activity is taking place ahead, but only a few people do that as it's illegal," he added.
These norms should sound familiar to drivers in the US, where there is no threat of police prosecution. A federal judge ruled earlier in 2014 that it is a driver's right, under the US Constitution’s First Amendment, which governs freedom of expression, to flash headlights to warn other drivers of speed traps.
So bear in mind that the next time you drive down foreign motorways, cultural differences spill over into driving etiquette. And if you are in the US, would you be so kind to give a heads-up about that police cruiser round the bend?
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

Friends  we are looking for youUpdated: November 1, 2014 19:26 IST
‘Friends, we are looking for you’
LIFFY THOMAS
Speical Arranagement One for the album: A group photo of one section of the 1965 SSLC batch.
Special Arrangement Some of the batch mates at a recent get-together.
TOPICS
school
Students of the 1965 batch of P.S. High School are scouring the city for their old buddies.
The 1965 SSLC batch of P.S. High School, Mylapore, has understood the spirit of reunions, which is about honouring old ties. A small group of these old students are leaving no stone unturned in finding out the whereabouts of the rest of their friends from the batch.
This group, which is on the job, has the contact details of only 40. Not a happy number, considering the batch had eight sections with 250 students. As the reunion is scheduled for January, 2015, they don’t have much time left to trace the rest of them.
“Target setting is the order of the day and each of us has to locate four to five classmates,” says M.S. Sundararajan, former chairman and managing director of Indian Bank, who is the president of the old students committee.
The goal is to locate 100 to 150 classmates before the reunion, planned to be coducted on the school founder’s day. Currently, the majority of the 40 identified batchmates are from ‘B’ section and the committee is looking for at least two people from the other sections who can help with the contacts of the others.
Sundararajan, a resident of Ambujammal Street at Alwarpet, says he is excited at the idea of the entire batch meeting after 50 years. He vividly remembers Sivaraman Street, where a few of his classmates used to come from. He plans to revisit the area in search of his friends.
K. Muralidharan, who created the pages on social networking sites to connect with the old friends, has little hope of locating people through Facebook or Twitter. “It looks like not many of my batchmates are tech-savvy. I have therefore decided to go to various streets,” he says.
Recently, he went to Luz Street and tried to get details of a few from a stationery store. “Some even shy away from attending the reunion for various reasons,” he said.
Not many of the teachers who taught the batch are alive, so the reunion will be a success only if a good number of old students turn up.
A souvenir has been planned for the occasion. To get in touch with the group, call Muralidharan at 98840 27239 or email jhamuna@gmail.com

http://usat.ly/1tQdHBwFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Internet voting 'not ready for prime time'
Voting machines are so 20th century. Shouldn't we able to vote on our smartphones by now? Here's where a cornerstone of American democracy run smack dab into the limits of computer science.
Post to Facebook
Internet voting 'not ready for prime time' Voting machines are so 20th century. Shouldn't we able to vote on our smartphones by now? Here's where a cornerstone of American democracy run smack dab into the limits of computer science. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tQdHBw
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
30
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Internet voting 'not ready for prime time'
Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 1:49 p.m. EST November 3, 2014
The Votomatic voting machine.
695 CONNECT 191 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 30 COMMENTEMAILMORE
SAN FRANCISCO — Voting machines are so 20th century. Shouldn't we be able to vote on our smartphones by now?
Here's where a cornerstone of American democracy runs smack dab into the limits of computer science, experts say.
Internet voting is "completely not ready for prime time. The security and reliability issues are significant," said Marc Rotenberg of the Electronic Privacy Information Center , a non-profit in Washington, D.C.
Despite that, about 3 million Americans will be eligible to vote online this election, according to Verified Voting , a non-profit that promotes election accuracy, transparency and verifiability.
Most are members of the armed forces who are deployed overseas.
According to Dan Wallach , an expert on electronic voting systems and professor of computer science at Rice University, no Internet voting systems are secure.
"It turns out to be really hard to build a network system that's hard to break into," Wallach said. JPMorgan, Target and Home Depot have learned that lesson, and they have far more money and expertise available to them than local election officials, he said.
In 2010, the District of Columbia developed a pilot Internet voting project for absentee voters. As a test, it held a public trial, inviting the world to try to hack into it.
Within 24 hours, multiple groups had successfully compromised the system's authority.
Election officials have always struggled with problems such as ballot box stuffing and vote tampering. When voting is moved online, the number of points where those would want to subvert elections increases exponentially.
Perhaps in recognition of that, some of the 30 or so states that allow Internet voting for service members now require them to sign a form "saying they understand that by using the system, their ballot may not be secret," said Pamela Smith with Verified Voting.
Insecurity could easily make a difference in some elections. Alaska, for example, allows all absentee voters to vote via the Internet.
Although the system is called "Secure Online Voting Solution," Alaska's Division of Elections on its website tells voters they are voluntarily waiving their rights "to a secret ballot and are assuming the risk that a faulty transmission may occur."
That would be a problem, said Smith. "Here's the thing — the margin of victory in the Alaska Senate race might be smaller than the number of votes returned over the Internet."
Rather than wanting Internet voting to spread, some groups are fighting to slow it down. One hotly sought after data point in the struggle is a Department of Defense study of Internet voting security conducted in 2011.
Since then, multiple groups, including the California secretary of State, have asked for the results. They have not been released.
In July, EPIC filed a Freedom of Information Act request for them but has gotten no response.
"If Internet voting doesn't work, we think that needs to be revealed to the public," Rotenberg said.
695 CONNECT 191 TWEET 6 LINKEDIN 30 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tQdHBw
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://nyti.ms/1u2azDNhttp://nyti.ms/1u2azdn
http://usat.ly/1umN2y8Where to invest your money in November
Matt Krantz , USA TODAY 5:52 p.m. EST November 3, 2014
Investing your money: November is what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
45 CONNECT 65 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
November is the month investors figure it's safe to get back in stocks. But they need to know how to pick their spots.
Stocks and sectors that are closely linked to the economy, like consumer discretionary stocks, industrials and materials, are the ones that strategists expect to be in the best position.
These so-called cyclical stocks tend to do best starting in November as investors stop thinking about protecting their portfolios from downside and shift to look for growth, says Sam Stovall, strategist at S&P Capital IQ. "It's when the cyclical trade starts," he says.
5 things investors need to know about November
And this year, investors' rush into cyclical stocks could be even stronger because it's an election year, which can heighten investors' sensitivities about the economy, and cause them to make bigger bets in sectors and stocks closely tied to the economy.
Some trends investors should be minding in November include:
• Sector cyclical trends. Investors should be mindful that, historically speaking, the market shifts from defense to offense starting in November and lasting through April, Stovall says. Consumer discretionary stocks are tough to beat. Average returns of the sector going back to 1990 between November and April is 10.7%, which far exceeds the 7.2% average gain of the Standard & Poor's 500. And the sector tends to beat the market 61% of the time.
Materials stocks are no slouches, either. The sector has risen 10.1% on average between November and April since 1990, Stovall says. And materials stocks have beaten the market 70% of the time.
Hot funds for winter: Tech stocks like it cold
• Attractive stocks in the attractive sectors. Certainly, investors can play the sectors exposed to cyclical growth by buying broad baskets of the stocks in mutual funds or exchange-traded funds. But speculators might try to find the stocks in the sectors with the greatest outlooks.
General Motors might be a stock to think about in the consumer discretionary sector. The stock is one to get S&P Capital IQ's top five-star stock rating. And the stock is rated "neutral" by New Constructs, which evaluates the value of stocks based on expected future cash flows. The company is expected to boost adjusted earnings by 27% in the December quarter.
Over in the materials sector, LyondellBasell is a favorite of analysts. The company processes a wide range of chemicals from crude oil to olefins and polyethylene. The stock is rated "outperform" by the average Wall Street analyst and gets S&P Capital IQ's top five-star rating. It's also rated "attractive" by New Constructs.
• Election factors. This year's November might be a bit different because of the issues at hand in the election year. There's a battle over Senate seats that could steer the discussion on some major events. Search engine Bing currently predicts the highest possibility, 21%, that Republicans will control 51 Senate seats versus the Democrats at 49.
Winners from the elections might be utilities and industrials like NextEra Energy, which stand to benefit from the extension in production tax credits, according to research from Barclays. But the losers could be energy refiners like Valero, due to the reconsideration of the crude-oil export ban, Barclays says.
Above all, Stovall tells investors to remember that November is just the start of the seasonal time you want to be in stocks. "These are the best six months," he says.
Five things investors need to know about November:
Video Keywords Wall Street Federal Reserve winter weather Black Friday the Fed Gas prices IMac Zynga Alibaba discretionary industrials OPEC's Activision USA today key stocks Biotech France Capitol Hill Europe China's America's
November is the start of the what historically has been a very bullish time for the U.S. stock market. USA TODAY
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:00  November is here those three words are music to investors'
00:04  ears. IMac France I USA today. November the arrival means that
00:12  gut wrenching right of October's finally over. They'll never kicks off
00:16  with historically. A very post time for the US stock market.
00:20  November is the second best performing month the past twenty years
00:24  the eleventh month. Also starts the sixth best six month period
00:28  going back in 1950. Expect another interest in November the Dow
00:33  and SP 500 are back at record highs and the month
00:37  hasn't even started yet. Here are five things investors need to
00:41  know about November. Number one risks remain. Never ever has lots
00:46  of things going for it but investors still have to contend
00:49  with risks. This is the first month in two years that
00:52  the Federal Reserve won't be pumping billions of dollars into the
00:56  markets. Now there's a chance the Fed might even raise rates
00:59  next year the congressional elections in the impact on Capitol Hill
01:03  could sway markets do. Economic conditions in Europe also remained weak
01:08  and then there's the uncertainty surrounding the Islamic state in domestic
01:11  terrorism. It looks shoppers show up for the kick after the
01:14  holiday shopping season on Thanksgiving. Number two. Positioning is key stocks
01:21  and sectors closely linked to an economy that is consumer discretionary
01:25  industrials and materials. Are poised to win in November. These stocks
01:29  and do best as investors stop thinking about protecting their portfolios
01:33  from downside it's shift to look for growth. The fact it's
01:37  an election year could make the Russian this cyclical stocks even
01:40  stronger. Three tech stock funds should stay high. Tech stocks have
01:45  traditionally they're well in winter weather the old rule of thumb
01:48  mr. Biotech stocks in November in Salant. Consumers intend to buy
01:53  electronics during the holidays and companies opera buy new equipment in
01:57  the first and second quarters but this winter could be different.
02:00  Well because the tech sector already done so well. Number four
02:06  hourly baba singles day key for attack. Alibaba grabbed headlines of
02:10  this IPO in mid September but now's the time for it
02:13  to deliver the Chinese e-commerce companies face in the big. Pass
02:17  on Wall Street and the rubber for as its first public
02:20  earnings call for the second quarter. Listen for what the company
02:24  says about China's version of Black Friday November 11. Activision. And
02:29  Zynga are there tax in the spotlight as they report earnings.
02:33  Five lower energy prices likely to stay. Gas prices have slipped
02:37  off warrior hello and are down 17%. From June levels. So
02:41  why is OPEC's though fine with that. Columnist rich Regan says
02:45  OPEC will likely not this production when it meets this month
02:49  and the reason is simple. America's energy alternatives are becoming far
02:53  to go. You're gonna get a feel of market moving news
02:56  in November iMac France and USA today.
45 CONNECT 65 TWEET 13 LINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tRIM7J
MONTHLY MARKETS CHECKUP

http://usat.ly/10Od2FMFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
London to Brighton Veteran Car Run
Frank Gowing drives his 1903 Stevens-Duryea Stanhope car on Westminster Bridge in front of the Houses of Parliament in London as he takes part in the London to Brighton Veteran Car Run.
Post to Facebook
London to Brighton Veteran Car Run Frank Gowing drives his 1903 Stevens-Duryea Stanhope car on Westminster Bridge in front of the Houses of Parliament in London as he takes part in the London to Brighton Veteran Car Run. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1wX6fVa
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
London to Brighton Veteran Car Run
Frank Gowing drives his 1903 Stevens-Duryea Stanhope car on Westminster Bridge in front of the Houses of Parliament in London as he takes part in the London to Brighton Veteran Car Run. 
Justin Tallis, AFP/Getty Images
A 1902 Dennis car hits the road. The first Brighton Run was held in 1896 to celebrate the Locomotives on the Highway Act. 
Hannah McKay, European Pressphoto Agency
The first car sets off from Hyde Park. 
Tim Ireland, AP
Participants push a vintage car that broke down.  Generally only cars built before Jan. 1, 1905, are eligible to take part in the annual run. 
Hannah McKaY, European Pressphoto Agency
A 1904 De Dion Bouton and a 1904 Pope-Tribune along were among the participants. 
Hannah McKay, European Pressphoto Agency
Participants get into the spirit with retro costumes. 
Tim Ireland, AP
The drive over Westminster Bridge looks like it's from another time.  
Tim Ireland, AP
A participant pushes his car up to Westminster Bridge. 
Tim Ireland, AP
Partipants in their 1898 Peugeot Double-phaeton car driven by Colin Clarke pass a broken-down 1888c Truchutet Tonneau on the side of the road in front of the Houses of Parliament in London. 
justin Tallis, AFP/Getty Images
Participants try to start their 1901 Durkopp Tonneau. 
Justin Tallis, AFP/Getty Images
Doug Hill in his 1903 Daimler Tonneau look across at a Ferrari sports car overtaking them on Westminster Bridge. 
Justin Tallis, AFP/Getty Images

Kiss of Love page blocked  reinstatedUpdated: November 4, 2014 11:16 IST
‘Kiss of Love’ page blocked, reinstated
S. R. Praveen
Kerala
Opponents’ ‘report abuse’ backfires
On Sunday, when right wing groups came out in large numbers to disrupted the ‘Kiss of Love’ protest against ‘moral policing’, they did not expect it to have an opposite effect to that intended, — of making the protest popular across social networks and news media.
Nursing a wound from this backlash, they went online in droves and started clicking ‘report abuse’ on Kiss of Love’s Facebook page.
By Monday morning, when the administrators of the page tried to log in, the page was gone.
In a short while, all of the 15 administrators had their profile pages blocked and another related group, ‘Freethinkers’, was also deleted.
“The ‘Kiss of Love’ page had more than 50,000 members at the time of blocking and this indicates an organised attempt by these groups to take it down. Some of us got our profiles back after going through stringent identification process, while many failed to clear it. Anyway, we soon started another page and thousands joined soon,” says Farmis Hashim, one of the administrators.
The sudden deletion has raised questions from activists on how Facebook decides whether a page is to be deleted.
The Facebook terms and conditions in this regard say that “when something gets reported to Facebook, we'll review it and remove anything that doesn't follow the Facebook Community Standards.”
In further elaboration, it says that “content that attacks people based on their actual or perceived race, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sex, gender, sexual orientation, disability or disease is not allowed.”
In a happy turn of events, the Kiss of Love page was reinstated by evening, and the number of members soon crossed 75,000.

Grain Lower  Livestock Mostly HigherThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

My Conversation With Rene Russoreddit
Tonight I'm joined by Rene Russo, who has played a wide range of roles, from the sultry insurance investigator in what I consider to be the best remake of all time -- The Thomas Crown Affair with Pierce Brosnan -- to a secret service agent opposite Clint Eastwood in In the Line of Fire. She's now co-starring with Jake Gyllenhaal in a new movie titled Nightcrawler, which was written and directed by her husband, Dan Gilroy.  The film deals with the underbelly of local news where morality is murky at best and anything that draws ratings is okay to air.
Rene plays a news director desperate to hang on to her job no matter the cost. The movie raises important questions about professional and personal ethics but refuses to offer easy answers.
In the clip below I ask Rene what she's figured out for herself about confronting moral conundrums.
For more of our conversation, be sure to tune in to Tavis Smiley on PBS. Check our website for your local TV listings: www.pbs.org/tavis .
Follow Tavis Smiley on Twitter @tavissmiley
Follow Tavis Smiley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/tavissmiley
More:

The Average Tinder User Spends 77 Minutes A Day On The Appreddit
You know what they say: Daters are gonna date. Especially on Tinder.
The average Tinder user spends an astonishing 77 minutes a day on the app, a spokesperson for the company told The Huffington Post. That's a lot of time, especially considering the app moves fast. Users are presented with dating profile after profile, and they swipe left if they're not interested and right if they are. If two people swipe right on each other, they match and connect via the app's chat function.
The whole point of Tinder is that it's quick and easy to see hundreds of potential matches. It's also, apparently, somewhat addictive to stare and swipe through things like this:
By comparison Instagram users spend an average of 21 minutes a day on the photo-editing and sharing app.
Instagram (which is owned by Facebook) has more than 200 million users . Tinder has about 50 million , according to The New York Times. However, we don't know how many successful matches are happening. Dating site OKCupid has 12 million users .
More:

Google  Apple worlds most in-demand employers: LinkedInReuters Google is the world’s most sought after employer in the world.
TOPICS
company information
Google is the world’s most sought after employer in the world, followed by Apple and Unilever in the second and third places, respectively, according to a report by professional networking site LinkedIn.
The ‘World’s 100 Most InDemand Employers: 2014’ was based on billions of interactions from LinkedIn’s over 300 million members.
No Indian company made it to the coveted list, however, a significant number of them do have their presence in the country.
The list was dominated by American companies with as many as 63 ‘in-demand’ companies were headquartered in the U.S.
Moreover, eight of the top 10 most sought after employers in the world are US based.
Besides Google, Apple and Unilever, other companies in the top 10 list include Microsoft (fourth), Facebook (fifth), Amazon (sixth), Procter & Gamble (seventh), GE (eighth), Nestle (ninth) and PepsiCo (10th).
A sector-wise analysis showed that the top three sectors that dominated the list include technology, telecom and media; followed by retail and consumer products and oil and energy.
As per the LinkedIn survey, around 15 per cent of in demand companies have fewer than 5,000 employees. The employee count for each company was based on the number of member profiles on LinkedIn associated with the company.
As per the report the top three smallest companies by number of employees are Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation with 1,622 employees, Airbnb (1,836) and Netflix (1,906).
In order to calculate the winners LinkedIn analysed over 10 billion data points between members and companies and compared the data with surveys of thousands of members to determine a company’s “familiarity and engagement score”.
“The analysis also weighted member actions like viewing employee profiles, visiting Company Pages and following companies,” LinkedIn said.

GK Vasan announces new party  Congress splits in Tamil NaduBlow to Congress in Tamil Nadu, Vasan quits
KV Lakshmana , Hindustan Times  Chennai, November 03, 2014
First Published: 12:39 IST(3/11/2014) | Last Updated: 09:20 IST(4/11/2014)
Comments
Former Union minister GK Vasan quit the Congress on Monday and announced plans to form a new political party in Tamil Nadu, striking another blow to the beleaguered party after its bruising loss in the general election and recent assembly polls.
 
Vasan said he decided to break away and offer the people of Tamil Nadu an alternative because the Congress had failed to reflect the aspirations of its cadres.
“We are starting a new party. The name of the new party and its symbol would be announced soon at a rally to be held in Tiruchi shortly,” Vasan said. “Congress has not been in power in Tamil Nadu for the past 47 years. We will chart out a new course, a new approach to win over the people and present a good alternative to the Dravidian parties.”
Hours after Vasan announced his resignation, the Congress “expelled” him in an action aimed at demonstrating that it would not tolerate rebellion.
Vasan’s announcement leaves the Congress in a precarious position in Tamil Nadu ahead of assembly polls in 2016. With the leadership of the two major regional
parties — the DMK and the AIADMK — mired in controversies and corruption cases, it also gives the BJP a political edge as it seeks to expand its national footprint after its big win in the Lok Sabha polls and the assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
The move fuelled speculation that the Tamil leader may revive the Tamil Maanila Congress, a party founded in 1996 by his father, the late Moopanar, that merged with the Congress in 2002.
Three of five Congress MLAs were with Vasan when he announced his decision to quit the party, including senior leaders Peter Alphons and Vishwanathan.

HSBC sets aside $378 million for currency probeUpdated: November 3, 2014 16:22 IST
HSBC sets aside $378 million for currency probe
AP
economy, business and finance
HSBC, the U.K.’s biggest bank, set aside $378 million for possible fines arising from probes into foreign exchange manipulation, joining other major British lenders in bracing for the outcome of the investigations.
The provision was just one of a series of charges that boosted one-time expenses to $1.7 billion in the third quarter from $784 million in the same period in 2014.
“We are committed to achieving additional sustainable savings by further streamlining our processes and procedures,” CEO Stuart Gulliver said in a statement on Monday.

Vijay Kelkar new NIPFP chairpersonNew Delhi, November 3, 2014
Updated: November 3, 2014 17:50 IST
Vijay Kelkar new NIPFP chairperson
Special Correspondent
Thirteenth Finance Commission Chairman Vijay Laxman Kelkar has been appointed as Chairperson of the Finance Ministry’s think-tank National Institute of Public Finance & Policy (NIPFP). He replaces former Reserve Bank governor C. Rangarajan.
Dr. Kelkar’s four-year term commenced on Saturday, according to an NIPFP release.
Prior to the Chairman of the Thirteenth Finance Commission, he was Advisor to the Union Finance Minister from 2002 to 2004. He was also the Union Finance Secretary in 1998-1999.
NIPFP records its deep sense of appreciation and gratitude for the significant contributions made by the revered outgoing Chairman, Dr. Rangarajan during his long stint (1998-2014), which have immensely helped the Institute towards scaling to its present level of growth and effectiveness, the release said.

Punjab to spend Rs.1 000 crore on tourism promotionUpdated: November 3, 2014 17:46 IST
Punjab to spend Rs.1,000 crore on tourism promotion
IANS
India
Punjab will spend Rs.1,000 crore in the current financial year to conserve monuments of historical importance and provide impetus to tourism sector in the state, Tourism Minister Sohan Singh Thandal said Monday.
Thandal said the government plans to conserve the religious and historical heritage of the state and also generate employment avenues in the tourism sector.
With the increase in arrival of tourists to the state, the state’s hotel industry is witnessing a boom, he said.
Punjab also plans to grant industry status to the hotel sector.
“Various incentives like duty-free electricity and various kinds of VAT concessions have also been extended to hoteliers,” he said.
Thandal added that the central government recently conferred the “Most Progressive State in Tourism” award to Punjab.

The Behavioral Law and Economics of Fixed-Rate Mortgages (and Other Just-So Stories)Comments
By Todd Zywicki November 3
I have posted a new article on SSRN, “ The Behavioral Law and Economics of Fixed-Rate Mortgages (and Other Just-So Stories) .” This is the manuscript version–the article is available in the most recent issue of the Supreme Court Economic Review (Volume 21) in a symposium on Behavioral Law and Economics which features contributions by Tom Ulen, Fred McChesney, Ronald Mann, and many others. The papers came out of a conference hosted by the George Mason Law and Economics Center a few years ago.
Here’s the Abstract to the article:
A major cause of the recent financial crisis was the traditional American mortgage, which is distinctive for the following features: it is a thirty-year, self-amortizing loan with an unlimited right to prepay. The United States is unique in the world for standardizing on a mortgage product with these features. Yet not only have a majority of the foreclosures that occurred during the financial crisis been fixed-rate mortgages, the fixed-interest-rate characteristics have undermined efforts by the Federal Reserve and government to assist recovery of the housing market. Moreover, the long fixed-rate term and ability to refinance are highly expensive and suboptimal features for many consumers. Nevertheless, many consumers persist in purchasing this mortgage. Drawing on the methodology of behavioral law and economics, this article provides rationalizations for how behavioral law and economics can explain the persistence of a product that is so harmful to many consumers and to the economy at large. The article then draws conclusions about what this analysis means for the behavioral law and economics research program generally and for the use of behavioral law and economics in government policymaking.

U.S. October auto sales strong  but GM missesU.S. October auto sales best in several years, GM misses
By Bernie Woodall and Ben Klayman, Reuters
Auto sales rise 6% from October 2013, fueled by SUV and crossover sales.
Up 6 percent from last year, increased October auto sales forecasts an increase in consumer spending.
DETROIT (Reuters) - Automakers reported their strongest U.S. October sales in years on Monday, but top-seller General Motors Co missed expectations.
Monthly U.S. sales of the six largest automakers as measured in U.S. market share rose 6 percent from a year ago, matching analysts' expectations.
Declining gasoline prices helped boost demand for SUVs and crossovers. Ford Motor Co said utility vehicles and trucks accounted for 72 percent of its sales, up from 68.5 percent a year ago.
Seven of the top 10 most reliable automakers are Asian. Only Buick cracked the top 10. ( David Undercoffler )
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles' U.S. October sales rose 22 percent on strong pickup truck and Jeep SUV demand, beating analysts' expectations.
While Ford sales fell 2 percent to 188,654 vehicles, the result beat analysts' expectations by nearly 6,000 vehicles, according to a Reuters poll.
The lower monthly sales by Ford were expected because the company has lowered production of the F-150 pickup in recent months during the transition to an aluminum-bodied model, which goes on sale later this year.
A poll by Thomson Reuters of 29 economists forecast a seasonally adjusted annualized sales rate of 16.5 million vehicles. RBC Capital Markets at midday said October sales will be about 16.4 million on an annualized basis.
Each month, auto sales are an early snapshot of U.S. consumer spending.
"The U.S. economy has steadily improved all year and now we are poised for a stronger expansion backed by an improved job market, higher consumer confidence and lower fuel prices," said Kurt McNeil, GM's U.S. sales chief.
GM's is well-laden with truck inventory which bodes well in the lucrative pickup truck market in the last quarter, when truck sales traditionally rise, said John Krafcik, president of TrueCar.
And GM's average selling price for its vehicles related to incentives that cut costs to consumers is the highest among the three major domestic automakers, which will help the company's bottom line, Krafcik said.
Toyota Motor Corp sales rose 7 percent to 180,580, matching analysts' expectations.
Nissan Motor Co and Honda Motor Co each reported robust sales of crossover models and record October U.S. sales for their core brands. Nissan beat analysts' expectations but Honda missed estimates.
GM sales were 0.2 percent above results from October 2013, at 226,819 vehicles, but missed estimates of analysts by more than 5,000 vehicles. GM said it is taking steps to boost profit at the cost of total sales by lowering fleet sales of large SUVs.
Chrysler's Ram pickup truck sales rose 33 percent. Sales of GM's pickup trucks, including the Chevrolet Silverado and the GMC Sierra, gained 16 percent, to 68,530.
Ford's F-Series sales slipped 0.6 percent in October to 63,410. It was a rare beat by GM's pickup trucks over Ford's F-Series.
Chrysler's sales of 170,480 beat expectations by about 4,000 vehicles.
(Editing by Lisa Von Ahn, Jeffrey Benkoe and Matthew Lewis)

Our Black Money ExpertsOur Black Money Experts
CID questions top RSS functionary over suicidecasePrint
By: Express News Service | Bangalore | Posted: November 3, 2014 9:02 pm | Updated: November 3, 2014 9:19 pm
A senior functionary of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat was questioned for over two hours on Monday by the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) of the Karnataka police in connection with the mysterious death of a close relative of a woman who has brought a sexual assault case against Raghaveshwara Bharati the head pontiff of the influential Ramachandrapura Mutt in Karnataka.
Shyam Shastri, the brother-in-law of a 47-year-old former singer at the Ramachandrapura Mutt who has filed a sexual assault case against Raghaveshwara Bharati, allegedly committed suicide at his residence in the Kedila village near Puttur in Dakshina Kannada district two months ago.
The suicide occurred three days after the singer and her husband were arrested for allegedly threatening other singers with a singing troupe attached to the Ramachandrapura Mutt.
The CID police called Kalladka Prabhakar Bhat the south India communications chief of the RSS in for questioning on Monday after call details of the dead man revealed that Bhat was one of the persons who spoke with Shastri on the day of his suicide.
CID sources said that Bhat had accepted the fact that he had spoken several times to Shastri ahead of his death but he denied any role in the death. Bhat has told the police that Shastri was a friend.
The CID police in Karnataka on the directions of the Congress government in Karnataka are investigating a series of alleged sordid allegations and counter allegations involving the chief pontiff of the Ramachandrapura Mutt and his associates.
The daughter of a 47-year-old singer formerly associated with the Mutt has filed a police complaint accusing the head pontiff Raghaveshwara Bharati of sexually assaulting the singer on several occassions while she was associated with the Mutt.
Supporters of the pontiff have filed complaints against the singer and her family accusing them of extortion and blackmail apart from threatening singers attached to the Mutt. The CID is also probing the suicide of the singer’s brother in law that occurred in the middle of the rival accusations.
The sordid affair also witnessed on Sunday the arrest of two persons for posting obscene comments on the Facebook page of the singer’s daughter – who filed the sexual assault case against the head pontiff of the Ramachandrapura Mutt.
The Banashankari police in south Bangalore arrested Sanath Palapaddi a farmer from the Mysore region and Santosh an insurance agent for posting abusive and obscene comments questioning the characters of the young woman and her family.

Four arrested in murder for insurance moneyUpdated: November 3, 2014 22:54 IST
Four arrested in murder for insurance money
M. V. Subramanyam
Tweet
Additional SP P.V.G. Vijay Kumar producing the accused in a murder case in Kadapa on Monday. Photo: By Arrangement
Police arrested four persons, including a woman, on charges of murdering their relative with a motive to usurp the insurance amount assured in seven life insurance policies in his name.
The death of Mekala Venkataramana Reddy at G. Appayapalli village in Kamalapuram mandal, was registered as an accident case after a VRO found the body. But, it was found to be a murder during the investigation, Additional SP P.V.G. Vijay Kumar told the media here, adding that the accused had been identified as Kandula Pradeep Kumar Reddy (30), his uncle Yerragundu Vijayabhaskar Reddy, paternal aunt Venkatalakshmamma and a friend Chadurla Vijayabhaskara Reddy.
In a view to earn easy money, Pradeep Kumar Reddy (30) had got seven insurance policies with a maturity value of Rs. 30 lakh in the name of his maternal uncle Mekala Venkataramana Reddy, a resident of Payasampalli in Veerapunayunipalle mandal, as the latter was unmarried, unemployed and an alcohol addict.
Fearing that nominee issues would crop up if he was the one, Pradeep Kumar Reddy lured Venkataramana Reddy’s sister Venkatalakshmamma, a resident of Chinna Chowk in Kadapa, to be the nominee in the policies by offering her land, Mr. Vijay Kumar said.
Later, Pradeep Kumar Reddy explained his murder plan to his another uncle Y. Vijayabhaskar Reddy and offered him a part of the death claim amount, the Additional SP said. Pradeep Reddy persuaded his friend C. Vijayabhaskara Reddy of Vempalle to bring his car.
According to his plan, Pradeep Reddy slept in Venkataramana Reddy’s house in Payasampalli on July 8 and took him to his friend’s house in Vempalle the next day. Pradeep Reddy, Y. Vijayabhaskara Reddy and C. Vijayabhaskara Reddy made Venkataramana Reddy consume liquor all through the day and took him in the car. They dumped him on the road at the water tank near G. Appayapalle village in Kamalapuram and drove the car over him, causing his death, the Additional SP said.

Two burglars held  articles worth Rs. 17 lakh seizedUpdated: November 3, 2014 22:53 IST
Two burglars held, articles worth Rs. 17 lakh seized
Staff Reporter
Tweet
The Hindu ASP B. Rama Naik producing the burgalrs and the seized articles before the media in Ongole on Monday. Photo: Kommuri Srinivas
The accused were involved in more than 70 house-breaking incidents reported from Telangana and AP. Two motorcycles were also seized from the duo, both adept in breaking locks without being noticed by neighbours, Central Crime Station(CCS) Circle Inspector Sk. Hussain said.
Prakasam police have nabbed two inter-State house-breakers and recovered valuables worth Rs.17 lakh, including 571 gram gold ornaments and one kg silver articles from them.
Additional Superintendent of Police B. Rama Naik told the media here on Monday that habitual offenders-- S.Anil Kumar (27) from Visakhapatnam and B.Rajaiah (32) from Kadapa--were arrested in connection with 10 offences reported in Hyderabad, two in Nellore and one in Chirala.
Giving details of the modus operandi, the ASP said the duo, who befriended each other while cooling their heels in prison, used to target locked houses in Hyderabad and other cities and towns, after conducting a recce during the daytime.
Two motorcycles were also seized from the duo, both adept in breaking locks without being noticed by neighbours, Central Crime Station(CCS) Circle Inspector Sk. Hussain said. Prakasam police got the breakthrough while probing a theft in the house of one doctor in Chirala. Both the accused were involved in more than 70 house-breaking incidents in both Telangana and Andhra Pradesh in the past, the police said.

White House News BriefingEXPLORE.ORG: Great Dane Puppy Service - Indoor Puppy Room
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Upcoming Coverage
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
12/08/2014 @ 9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Google Ventures  health care investmentsgoogle ventures  health care investments
Dow  S&P 500 hit records in quiet sessionDow  S&P 500 hit records in quiet session
October global factory growth matches September s modest pace - PMIOctober global factory growth matches September s modest pace - PMI
Iraq on  high alert  amid IS attacks  mass killingsIraq on  high alert  amid IS attacks  mass killings
Virtual Global Education s board meeting on Nov 11  2014Virtual Global Education s board meeting on Nov 11  2014
Chidambaram launches platform for young Tamil writersChidambaram launches platform for young Tamil writers
Key midterms: Toyota refreshes Camry  Yaris and Sienna0
Our take: All told, these changes do make for a more emotional Camry. The exterior design is truly attractive and is now a reason to buy the car. The interior changes may be more important. The new interior looks and feels much more substantial, placing it at or near the top of the class. The suspension changes, on the other hand, do little to change Camry's conservative driving dynamics. The good news for those with a sportier bent is that Toyota is now offering more sport-oriented models. Our advice, however, would be to choose the Mazda6 or Honda Accord if sportiness is your main concern.
Minor minivan update
The Sienna was last redesigned for the 2011 model year, and the new changes are more like a typical midcycle refresh. Toyota put most of its focus on the interior. "We analyzed consumer feedback and rejection reasons and we identified the interior styling as one of the main consumer feedback items that needed improvement," said Cooper Erickson, the Sienna's marketing chief.
Interior changes include the same next-generation Entune system the Camry has, additional soft-touch surfaces on portions of the dashboard, and a new instrument panel design with a multi-information display between the gauges.
Other changes include retuned shocks and springs, increased rigidity, aero fins on the taillights, LED daytime driving lights upfront, a new grille design for most models, and an available blind spot monitor.
All models go up in price between $840 and $1,455.
Our take: While the Sienna's interior changes do make it more comfortable and usable, the soft-touch surfaces are added sparingly and the look is something less than upscale. However, that's the norm for this class. The updated Entune system helps the Sienna stay in touch with the times, and the additional spot welds and suspension tuning provide an extra bit of composure. The added equipment makes the Sienna a better value, especially in the important $35,000 range.
Better-looking Yaris
Offered only as a hatchback since the 2013 model year, Toyota's entry-level car also gets refreshed for 2015. The new look is most obvious on the sport-oriented SE model, which features a black front grille, black exterior trim, a rear spoiler, and 16-inch alloy wheels.
"The focus there was primarily on exterior styling, but more so interior," LoFaso said. "We had more customer feedback on the interior appointment of Yaris than we did on Camry." Those interior changes include a soft-touch dash face, a new instrument panel with a multi-information display between the gauges, new seats, and less noise thanks to an acoustic glass windshield and more sound-deadening material.
Our take: The Yaris' new look is indeed an improvement, especially for the SE model with its black-accented alloy wheels. The other models continue with wheel covers and the entry-level look they impart. The interior is a bigger improvement. It's quieter, the seats are more comfortable, and it adds soft-touch surfaces to a class that doesn't often have them. However, these materials feel more spongy than supple, and the Yaris is still obviously built to its mid-$14,000 starting price.

2015 Toyota midcycle refreshCaption 2015 Toyota Camry
Toyota USA
Toyota is expanding the Camry's sport-tuned offerings. A new XSE model gets even firmer suspension settings than the SE model, which had been the sportiest in the lineup, plus 18-inch wheels instead of the SE's 17s.
Toyota is expanding the Camry's sport-tuned offerings. A new XSE model gets even firmer suspension settings than the SE model, which had been the sportiest in the lineup, plus 18-inch wheels instead of the SE's 17s. (Toyota USA)
Caption 2015 Toyota Camry
Toyota USA
Last redesigned for the 2012 model year, the Camry for 2015 gets a striking new look, a higher quality interior and suspension tweaks.
Last redesigned for the 2012 model year, the Camry for 2015 gets a striking new look, a higher quality interior and suspension tweaks. (Toyota USA)
Caption 2015 Toyota Camry
Evan Sears
The 2015 Toyota Camry, America's best-selling car, is introduced at the 2014 New York International Auto Show.
The 2015 Toyota Camry, America's best-selling car, is introduced at the 2014 New York International Auto Show. (Evan Sears)
Caption 2015 Toyota Camry
Evan Sears
The 2015 Toyota Camry, America's best-selling car, is introduced at the 2014 New York International Auto Show.
The 2015 Toyota Camry, America's best-selling car, is introduced at the 2014 New York International Auto Show. (Evan Sears)
Caption 2015 Toyota Sienna
Toyota USA
The Sienna was last redesigned for the 2011 model year, and the new changes are more like a typical midcycle refresh. Toyota put most of its focus on the interior.
The Sienna was last redesigned for the 2011 model year, and the new changes are more like a typical midcycle refresh. Toyota put most of its focus on the interior. (Toyota USA)

Home swapping a short-term alternative to renting out vacant home0
There are lots of permutations to the home swapping route. If he is open to having someone renting his home with all his belongings in it, then he is a prime candidate for swapping. We've been doing it for several years and have stayed in fantastic homes and used the owner's car for free.
The only cost is getting to your destination. In our seven swaps, we haven't experienced any problems with theft or damage of the property. Once my husband could not get time off from work so he stayed at a friend's house and my friend and I went to the French Riviera for 2 weeks. What a deal and what an adventure it's been for us.
A: Readers may be familiar with the company Airbnb. It helps people rent out their home (or an extra bedroom) when they're not using it. House swapping takes the model a step further. By swapping living quarters with another homeowner, you can vacation for far less money.
Airbnb offers some safeguards, in that you can thoroughly check out the people you are renting your home to. Those safeguards aren't naturally available in a home swap, though we're sure there is a website that exists to do just that. (Feel free to weigh in with your favorite website, if you use one with any regularity.)
Some companies have been built around the idea of high-end house swapping, like 3rdHome.com, which allows owners of very high-end homes to either swap homes or accumulate points and then use them to book another home that is available in another location. The home typically comes with whoever would normally take care of the property.
The interesting thing about house swapping is that it allows people to optimize their ownership of property, since no one uses their home 100 percent of the time. At the moment, this sort of exchange is not taxed, although it could be in the future.
As our correspondent has noted, she and her husband (and friend) have been on a number of adventures around the world. It certainly makes such opportunities less expensive.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Sexy Ebola Costume Backlash Spurs Hazmat DonationsDoctors of the World
The new Halloween and Ebola-themed campaign from Doctors of the World.
A controversial ripped-from-the headlines Ebola Halloween costume may end up helping fight the spread of the deadly disease.
The non-profit humanitarian group Doctors of the World has launched a “ More Than a Costume " on-line and print campaign. Ads in outlets like the New York Times and Wall Street Journal feature an image of man in a hazmat suit carrying a trick-or-treating pumpkin.
Brands On Sale
Outfits like this "sexy Ebola costume" spurred outrage and backlash. And brisk sales.
The tag line: ‘Here it’s a costume. There it saves lives.’
Noting that hazmat suits are edging out hatchet-wielding clown costumes and that Americans are on target to spend more than $7.4 million this Halloween, the group is trying to turn distaste for pre-packaged and home-made versions of Ebola-inspired costumes into dollars to help battle the disease.
“There is a huge need for health workers and protective gear and this campaign allows us to break through the clutter with a simple yet powerful message and an immediate call to action," said Miranda Sissons, Executive Director for Doctors of the World USA.
Elsewhere online, Ebola costumes selling for around $80 have become vilified in headlines and talk show fodder. Of those responding to a TODAY.com online survey, 62 percent  said the costume was in poor taste .
“You are sure to be prepared if any outbreak happens at your Halloween party. This will literally be the most ‘viral’ costume of the year,” reads the description at costume site Brands on Sale for a hazmat outfit that includes a white suit, breathing mask, face shield, safety goggles and blue Latex gloves. A "sexy" version of the outfit is available that includes a thigh-high dress.
Video: The most talked-about costume this year is an Ebola hazmat suit with respirator.
“Given that Ebola is the scariest thing out there, the costume is in bad taste,” said Arthur Caplan, head of the  Division of Bioethics at New York University Langone Medical Center. “But Halloween is all about bad taste and dressing up in outfits that normally could be considered repugnant, so I wouldn’t condemn it as being unethical.”
Any ethical qualms haven't dampened orders.
“They’re selling very well. People have been zombie-ing up the outfits and adding accessories that make them look pretty nasty,” said Johnathon Weeks, the Brands on Sale CEO who also took heat for the company’s ALS ice-bucket challenge costume . The page for that one included a link to donate to ALS. The Ebola costumes did not, which may be part of why they bothered some.
Doctors of the World
Screenshot of the charitable giving site.
Now the doctors' campaign hope to exploit the controversy to do some good.
On the click-to-donate site $1 buys gloves, $5 buys masks and $250 buys a real medical containment suit. For $2,500, you can donate the services of a real doctor as well.
Tags:

China s Final HSBC PMI Hits 3-Month High  But Risks RemainECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
Beijing: Growth in China's vast factory sector rose to a three-month high in October as smaller firms saw more orders, a private survey showed on Monday, easing fears of a sharp slowdown but still pointing to a sluggish economy that is losing momentum.
The final HSBC/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index(PMI) edged up to 50.4 in October, up from the September's reading of 50.2, but unchanged from a preliminary reading.
However, while the headline number looked slightly better, growth rates slowed in several key areas heading into the fourth quarter, putting the government's full-year growth target of 7.5 per cent further in doubt.
Growth in new orders and new export orders - proxies for domestic and foreign demand, respectively - fell to their lowest in four to five months, but managed to hold above the 50-point level that separates growth from contraction on a monthly basis.
The level of output in factories also fell to a five-month low of 50.7.
"Overall, the manufacturing sector continued to stabilise in October, however the sequential momentum likely weakened," said Hongbin Qu, chief economist for China at HSBC.
"We still see uncertainties, given the property downturn as well as the slow pace of global recovery, and expect further monetary and fiscal easing measures in the months ahead," Qu said.
Lacklustre final demand also weighed on the labour market, which shrank for 12th consecutive month in October, though the rate of job-cutting stayed at the slowest since July.
A similar survey by China's National Bureau of Statistic(NBS) released on Saturday showed factory activity unexpectedly fell to a five-month low last month as firms struggled with slowing orders and rising borrowing costs.
The official Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) eased to 50.8 in October from September's 51.1, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Saturday. Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast a reading of 51.2.
The official PMI is focused on larger, state-owned factories, as opposed to the HSBC/Markit PMI which focuses more on smaller manufacturers in the private sector.
An official reading on the services industry earlier on Monday showed growth in that sector hit a nine-month low in October as the cooling property sector weighed on demand.
The official non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 53.8 in October from September's 54.0, the National Bureau of Statistics said. But the reading was still comfortably in expansion territory.
The services sector has been more resilient than the manufacturing sector and is creating more jobs, which partly explains why the government has so far refrained from more aggressive policy easing to support the slowing economy.
Hurt by unsteady exports, a housing downturn and cooling investment growth, the Chinese economy is in danger of missing the government's growth target this year for the first time in 15 years.
Third-quarter growth of 7.3 per cent was the weakest since the global financial crisis.
Most analysts believe authorities will continue to roll out modest support measures in coming months to lift activity, but they are divided over whether it would act more aggressively, such as by cutting interest rates, unless there is a risk of a sharper slowdown.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Tea output dips by 2.48 per cent in April-Augusteconomy, business and finance
India’s tea production in the first five months of current financial year 2013-14 has marginally declined by 2.48 per cent to 610.71 million kg, due to lower production mainly from Assam and West Bengal.
The country’s tea production during the April-August period of last fiscal stood at 626.30 million kg, according to the tea board’s latest production data.
Tea production from north Indian States comprise of Assam, West Bengal and others State was dropped to 500.77 million kg from 525.20 million kg during the period under purview.
However, the production from south Indian States comprise of Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Karnataka increased to 109.94 million kg in April-August period of 2014-15 from 101.10 million kg in 2013-14.
In the year 2013-14, the country’s tea production was 1,208.78 million kg.

Downsizing alters US housing landscape© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7cc9d5f8-10ea-11e4-b116-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Living wills raise liquidity fearsLiving wills raise liquidity fears
Gina Chon in Washington and Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b406792a-6146-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Technology used to assist with navigation© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/42b37afc-601f-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India needs a trade deal with itself© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/647d1630-5ec5-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RCS Capital Drops Deal to Buy Firm From ARCPThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Will Ecuadors success stand up to cheap oilSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

http://usat.ly/1umV0YbFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Hyundai, Kia pay $100M fine over gas mileage claims
Hyundai and Kia have agreed to pay $100 million, the largest fine in the history of the Clean Air Act, for misleading customers about the gas mileage -- and emissions -- on many of their models, the government
Post to Facebook
Hyundai, Kia pay $100M fine over gas mileage claims Hyundai and Kia have agreed to pay $100 million, the largest fine in the history of the Clean Air Act, for misleading customers about the gas mileage -- and emissions -- on many of their models, the government Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1tTxxfe
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
30
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Hyundai, Kia pay $100M fine over gas mileage claims
Chris Woodyard , USA TODAY 7:20 p.m. EST November 3, 2014
The Kia Soul hamsters stole the show  at the New York auto show in 2010.
(Photo: KIA)
350 CONNECT 78 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 30 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Hyundai and Kia have agreed to pay a total of $100 million to settle an investigation into its misstatement of gas mileage estimates on about 1.2 million vehicles, the government announced.
The civil penalty is the largest ever under the Clean Air Act, according to the federal Environmental Protection Agency and the Justice Department.
The brands also will give up greenhouse gas emissions credits — estimated by the EPA as worth $200 million — because of the lower mileage ratings added up to 4.75 million more metric tons of greenhouse gases. They also agreed to spend $50 million on an independent unit to set their future mileage estimates.
The fines and penalties resolve a lawsuit filed against the automakers in U.S. District Court in Washington, D.C., by the United States and the California Air Resources Board.
"This settlement upholds the integrity of the nation's fuel economy and greenhouse gas programs and supports all Americans who want to save fuel costs and reduce their environmental impact," said EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy in a statement.
The EPA said Hyundai and Kia chose favorable results rather than average results from a large number of tests, and the violations were discovered in EPA vehicle testing. "This type of conduct quite simply will not be tolerated. And the Justice Department will never rest or waver in our determination to take action against any company that engages in such activities — whenever and wherever they are uncovered," U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement.
Hyundai will pay $56.8 million of the civil penalty, Kia the rest.
Because of the improper testing procedures, the brands were forced in 2012 to lower mileage estimates by 1 to 6 miles per gallon for a raft of model year 2011 through 2013 Hyundai and Kia vehicles, including the Hyundai Accent, Elantra, Veloster and Santa Fe and the Kia Rio and Soul. The brands then created a compensation program for customers to repay them for their lower mileage. They also a year ago settled a series of lawsuits over the restatement for about $400 million.
"Hyundai has acted transparently, reimbursed affected customers and fully cooperated with the EPA throughout the course of its investigation," said David Zuchowski, CEO of Hyundai Motor America. "We are pleased to put this behind us, and gratified that even with our adjusted fuel economy ratings, Hyundai continues to lead the automotive industry in fuel efficiency and environmental performance."
Since the Hyundai restatement, several other automakers — including Ford, Mini and Mercedes-Benz — also have had to restate their mileage estimates on certain models.
350 CONNECT 78 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 30 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tTxxfe
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Stocks Waver at Start of Busy Week of Market NewsThe 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

The new face of entitlementBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 3 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Jake Gyllenhaal and Rene Russo appear in a scene from the film “Nightcrawler.” (Associated Press Photo/Open Road Films, Chuck Zlotnick)
“Nightcrawler,” Dan Gilroy’s funny, deeply unsettling movie about Lou Bloom (Jake Gyllenhaal), a seedy, marginal resident of Los Angeles who finds his niche filming bloody crime scenes and selling the footage to local news stations, has often been described as a moral commentary on the media.
Certainly, Lou is a chilling person who feeds our most repulsive instincts. Nina (Rene Russo), the news director at a struggling station who becomes Lou’s most important customer, tells him that that he should “Think of our newscast as a screaming woman running down the street with her throat cut,” a line that has been repeated in almost every review of “Nightcrawler.” But her blunter advice is even more distressing because of how deeply it cuts. Nina tells Lou that he should look for “A victim, well off, usually white, injured at the hands of a minority.” Later, Lou will snap at Rick (an excellent Riz Ahmed), his first employee, “We want victims and not the kind who live on Sixth and Rampart.”
But this ugly mathematics of who matters and who does not, what we are entitled to see of the worst moments in other people’s lives and what they are permitted to conceal from us, is part of a much larger formula Gilroy is working out in “Nightcrawler.” Comparing “Nightcrawler” to “Network” or Lou to Travis Bickle does not quite make sense: the movie is not really just about the news business, and Lou is not a delusional loser. Instead, he is a perfect example of what entitlement looks like, and the ways in which it can act as a superpower.
If Lou is mistaken for a “Taxi Driver” analogue, it is because we do not have a better reference point to explain him. In the past, privileged men in the movies looked like Linus Larrabee, the dour tycoon played by Humphrey Bogart and Harrison Ford in the “Sabrina” movies, or the bratty children of great advantage. Lou is not wealthy. He lives in an apartment that is modest by pop culture standards and drives a crappy car. When he becomes modestly successful, Lou splurges on a flashy red sports car, the sort of toy that reveals rather than conceals the class its owner grew up in.
But Lou is entitled nonetheless, a product of “the self-esteem movement so popular in schools” for whom the idea that he might fail or be refused is so alien that he is effectively rendered impervious to setback.
At the beginning of the movie, Lou’s tendency to dress up petty criminality in the language of business is very funny. “That’s below market value!” Lou protests when he is unhappy with the price he is offered on a load of stolen copper piping. When he is pawning a bike he stole, hoping to exchange it for a camera and police scanner that would let him get into crime scene videography, Lou lies casually to the pawn shop owner to drive up its value, telling the man “This is a custom racing bicycle . . . I won the Tour de Mexico on this bike.”
The expectations that you deserve a certain amount of money for stolen goods, or that you can tell falsehoods boldly without being challenged, may not be as visible manifestations of privilege as an estate on Long Island, but they are still a kind of privilege.
And Lou becomes a lot less funny as he gets more successful. Learning that he needs someone else to navigate while he drives and to shoot footage from a second angle, Lou hires Rick. “What does it pay?” Rick wants to know. “It’s an internship,” Lou tells Rick with the confidence of a corporate tycoon sure he can get labor for nothing, even though his “organization” is a fiction. “I’m giving you an opportunity to explore career options, see how my organization works. It’s not unusual for me to make full-time offers to my interns.”
As Nina comes to rely more on his footage, Lou exploits her desperation to rise in the ratings to demand that she begin dating him if she wants first crack at his footage. “I have to think you’re invested in this transaction,” Lou tells Nina coolly. He has analyzed the situation and knows that Nina has no other option than to indulge him. And he feels no qualms over it.
Ultimately, Lou progresses to not just filming crime scenes, but to staging them, sabotaging cars, moving bodies and calling the cops only when criminals he is tailing reach neighborhoods affluent enough for the violence that happens there to be of interest to Nina. Lou may be a marginal figure whose vision of success is a small business rather than an empire. But his sense that he has the perfect right to interfere in and even dispose of other people’s lives for his own advancement is far more dangerous than older visions of privilege and entitlement.
“What if my problem was not that I don’t understand people, but that I don’t like them?” Lou muses towards the end of “Nightcrawler.” The ultimate expression of entitlement and privilege is recognizing that you do not like people, and not having to pretend that you do in order to get along or get ahead.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Virgin America IPO to value airline at about $1 billionVirgin America IPO to value airline at about $1 billion
Naidu for amicable settlement of issues with TSUpdated: November 3, 2014 23:22 IST
Naidu for amicable settlement of issues with TS
D. Sreenivasulu
The Hindu Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu.
TOPICS
diplomacy
If efforts at bureaucratic and political levels fail, arbitration by Centre is the only option, says CM.
Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu said the State government desired an amicable settlement of issues with the Telangana government. Addressing the Janmabhoomi meeting at Hussainapuram in Orvakal mandal in Kurnool district on Monday, he suggested that officers of both the States sit together and try to resolve all outstanding issues.
In case of no solution at the bureaucratic level, political functionaries could attempt to iron out the issues, the Chief Minister said. In the event of failure at both levels, arbitration by the Centre or other agency is the only option.
Mr. Naidu said he was putting up with all kinds of humiliations at the hands of the Telangana leadership with the sole objective of salvaging Andhra Pradesh out of problems and protecting the interests of its people.
He also faulted the unparliamentary language employed by the Telangana Chief Minister against him as well as the Chairman of the Krishna water Management Board on the Srisailam issue.

TS signs MoU with Chhattisgarh for 1 000 MW powerUpdated: November 3, 2014 23:11 IST
TS signs MoU with Chhattisgarh for 1,000 MW power
Staff Reporter
Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao thanking Raman Singh, Chattisgarh Chief Minister at Raipur on Monday after entering into an MoU for supply of 1000 MW of power for Telangana State.
TOPICS
electricity production and distribution
Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao has proposed the sharing of Godavari water for the mutual benefit of Telangana and Chhattisgarh. He said that the proposed Inchampalli project would effectively serve the power generation and irrigation requirements of both States.
The matter will be discussed at an official level, Mr. Rao said during his first ever visit as Chief Minister to the neighbouring State, and assured that he would return to pursue the matter with the State government.
Speaking at a meeting organised for signing an MoU between the two States for purchase of 1,000 MW power, Mr. Rao recalled the historical bond between Chhattisgarh and Telangana during the days of the Kakatiya Dynasty.
Both States are part of the dynasty, and heirs of Kakatiya rulers still live in Chhattisgarh, he said, while presenting the replicas of the Kakatiya arch to Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh and other Ministers.
Mr. Rao said the problems faced by Telangana were similar to those faced by Chhattisgarh 14 years ago, when the State was created. He remembered showing Chhattisgarh to his detractors as an example of success achieved by small States, and said it provided a model for Telangana’s development.
Telangana will be developed as a seed capital, as the State’s climate, land and rainfall pattern are conducive for seed development, he said, and observed that there already was people-to-people contact between the two States in terms of agriculture.
Mr. Raman Singh reciprocated by stressing the need for strong ties and long lasting mutual cooperation between the two States. Earlier in the day, an MoU was signed for the purchase of power, and exchanged between the respective Energy secretaries of both States – S.K. Joshi and Aman Singh. As per the MoU, Chhattisgarh will supply 1,000 MW of power from the State-owned generation company to Telangana on a long-term basis. Mr. Singh responded positively to Mr. Rao’s request for the supply of 1,000 MW more.
TS Finance Minister Eetala Rajender, TS Genco and Transco CMD D. Prabhakar Rao and Principal Secretary to the Chief Minister S. Narsing Rao were present.

Professor celebrating wasted time onlineprofessor celebrating wasted time online
10 Hottest Technologies in Higher EducationTen Hottest Disruptive Technologies in Higher Education from Vala Afshar
The annual EDUCAUSE conference is where innovative higher education CIOs go to learn about new industry trends and compare notes on the latest breakthroughs. This year was no exception as 7,300 IT leaders from more than 50 countries gathered in Orlando along with 260 educational technology exhibitors. Discussions took place in session rooms, on the exhibition floor, after the keynotes, and throughout the hallways. These are the common threads that permeated those discussions; the ten hottest topics for CIOs in higher education.
1. Campus Wi-Fi
Wireless capacity is a passionate topic for two reasons. It is now universally understood that the quality of the student computing experience has become an important decision factor for students in selecting a college. The challenge is to provide Wi-Fi density and coverage to adequately accommodate the three or more devices, many of them streaming, that each student is bringing on campus. This burgeoning demand for Wi-Fi on campus is severely taxing the IT infrastructure. Residence hall Wi-Fi can get congested quickly, so wired access is often used to provide bandwidth relief for devices like gaming consoles. Many schools have started to charge an extra fee to charge uber users who consume more than 20GB per week. When it comes to guest Wi-Fi access, schools run the gamut of open-connection, charging for use, sponsored guest access, or a combination of these. Here are 50 incredible WiFi market trends and statistics that are truly staggering.
The Campus Computing Project's 2014 survey was revealed at the conference and reported that senior higher education IT officers identify "implementing/supporting mobile computing" as a top IT priority, yet only 17% rate mobile services at their institution as "excellent." One informal poll at the conference showed that about 30% of schools are in the process of migrating to the latest Wi-Fi standard, 802.11ac.
Strategic CIOs in higher education are investing in WiFi infrastructure to improve the student, faculty and administration's overall campus experience.
2. The Importance Of Being Social
EDUCAUSE CIO panel -  Sound Off: To Be or Not to Be "Social";  with Michael Berman, California State University - Channel Islands; Raechelle Clemmons, St. Norbert College; Jack Seuss, University of Maryland, and Melody Childs University of Alabama Hunstville,
Social media is a game changer for higher education CIOs . Social media is taking on a growing role at EDUCAUSE and throughout higher education. Here is a list of the top 50 social higher education CIOs on Twitter . There was more live tweeting this year than ever before. The social media feeds enabled attendees and even those unable to attend to have a virtual presence, absorbing content from across the conference. The social media feeds were captured on Storify: #EDU14 Daily Wrap-up day 2 and #EDU14 Daily Wrap-up day 1 .
The session CIOs Sound Off: To Be or Not to Be "Social" provided a point-counterpoint discussion of the pros and cons of social media for university CIOs. The audience actively participated via Twitter (#EDU14socialcio, captured on Storify) and interactive poll questions, and provided crowd-sourced tips for more effective use of social media in higher education.
Educause in-session poll indicated the attendees are indeed active on social media
3. Digital Badges
Digital badges as validated indicators of specific competencies and their connection to competency-based education were heavily discussed at EDUCAUSE 2014. Just before the conference, EDUCAUSE published the 7 Things You Should Know About Badging For Professional Development. As another indicator of the growing significance of digital badges, 60% of the 1,900 people who participated in the Extreme Networks digital badge survey believe that badges will either entirely replace diplomas and course certificates, or be used in combination with them. I recently published a presentation about the use of digital badges to improve employee engagement .
Sondra Smith of EDUCAUSE talks about the use of digital badges for professional development.
4. Business Analytics
The use of analytics as a means to drive critical institutional outcomes has grown rapidly as the associated technology has improved. This year there were no less than seven panels and 26 sessions dealing with learning analytics, data-driven decision making, and predictive analytics at the EDUCAUSE conference. The session, Analytics That Inform: The University Challenge, articulated the different contexts for analytics in education. Two analogies were made: one with business intelligence, now a $15B market, and one with physician diagnostic tools. There is general agreement on the need to present student analytics in the form of a dashboard, for use by both administration and students. Such a dashboard can help improve student outcomes as well as improve student retention.
In addition to student analytics, another type of campus analytics relates to network infrastructure. Presenters from Fontys Hogescholen described how they use network analytics to track student activities across the campus and are able to correlate demographic data with behavior and even effect change.
5. Google Glass and Wearables
The session, Prepare to Wear! Exploring Wearable Technologies in the Learning Environment , generated phenomenal enthusiasm and discussions that carried well past the conference. Many of the 14 Google Glass Innovative Uses In Education that I wrote about with Brian Rellinger earlier this year were in evidence. It is clear that all types of wearable computers including Google Glass, fitness bands, clothing, fashion wearables, and the forthcoming Meta holographic eyewear will have a dramatic impact on higher education.
6. Drones
Drones are finding growing usage in education. Colgate University's poster session, Just Don't Call It a Drone, showed how to use hobbyist quadcopters and Arduino technology in student research programs to capture photography and other environmental observations. The project had amazing results for both learners and researchers. I predict there will be more sessions on this topic next year, as drones find many new uses within higher education (see my blog, 10 Uses of Drones in Higher Education [Slideshare]).
7. 3D Printing
As listed in the description of one of sessions on the topic, "the era of 3D printing has arrived." For those eager to enter this era, a number of sessions and exhibition demonstrations showed how to integrate 3D printing, and complementary 3D scanning, into the curriculum. Popularity of the printers is highest in art, design and engineering programs. Many schools are acquiring one high-end consumer-grade or low-end enterprise-grade 3D printer per department. Stay tuned as prices of consumer 3D printers are likely to be aggressively driven downward.
8. Digital Courseware
The two emerging aspects of digital courseware are Competency-Based Education (CBE) and Adaptive Learning. The concept behind Competency-Based Education (CBE) is to enable students to master skills and knowledge at their own pace, via multiple pathways that generally make better use of technology. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation had a hand in elevating the topic this year with a $20M investment in next generation courseware related to adaptive learning and CBE. Last year, a similar grant gave a major boost to Integrated Planning and Advisory Services (IPAS).
CBE can help meet the needs of all students regardless of their learning abilities, and can lead to more efficient student outcomes. With CBE, students earn competency units rather than credit hours. So far, large community colleges have taken a leadership role in the field.
Adaptive learning, closely related to CBE, is an educational method that uses computers and electronic text books as interactive teaching devices. The presentation of educational material is dynamically adapted to students' learning needs, as indicated by their responses to questions and tasks as they progress.
A number of young CBE and adaptive learning technology vendors demonstrated their wares during EDUCAUSE 2014, including Flat World Education , eLumen (demo), Regent Education (presentation), Pathbrite , Public Agenda , CCKF , and Acrobatiq . Many of these vendors emphasize a mobile-first approach. The feedback from Salt Lake Community College and the University System of Georgia highlighted the need for integration with existing products, comprehensive dashboards, and a mechanism for social interaction. Schools in general are watching to see what kind of results adaptive learning generates.
9. Small Private Online Courses (SPOCs)
This is the year that Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) lost the limelight. The issue is the extremely low completion rates of students who sign up for MOOCs. A Gartner poster of the education hype cycle that was on display at EDUCAUSE marked MOOC as "obsolete before plateau". The Campus Survey 2014 noted that less than two-fifths of the survey respondents now agree that MOOCs offer a viable model for the effective delivery of online instruction, down from 53% in the fall of 2013.
Clayton Christensen did not mention "MOOC" even once during his opening keynote, though the best known MOOCs, EDx and Coursera, had often been considered as disruptive to higher education. It is now realized that MOOCs lack most of the markers for disruptive innovation; they do not target non-consumers and they lack a viable business model. On the other hand, the Christensen Institute does believe that competency-based education may prove to be disruptive.
Picking up where MOOCs left off is the concept of Small Private Online Courses (SPOCs). These were discussed at the one MOOC conference session. This session also discussed the future of MOOCs - for advanced placement courses, remedial classes, professional development, and to serve the community. More importantly, the technology infrastructure created by the MOOC providers like EDx, Kahn Academy and Coursera will very likely provide the platform for the full range of online courses into the future.
10. Virtual Reality
Immersive and augmented reality have the ability to completely re-invent education. When ready for general use, products like Oculus Rift and Magic Leap are capable of transporting the student to almost any learning environment imaginable. As with many emerging educational technologies, virtual reality has application both to higher education and K-12 education. At the ISTE K-12 conference earlier this year, there were no less than 14 sessions discussing how to apply VR in education. The technology enables students to travel with their professors to any virtual learning environment imaginable: far-off lands and planets, inside the atom, ancient civilizations, to the beginning of the universe. On a limited scale, some of these capabilities are already here. At the rate the technology is progressing, VR could be fully integrated into our teaching within five years.
The Disruption of Higher Education
The Disruption of Higher Education was perhaps the hottest topic before, during, and after EDUCAUSE. It was the subject of Clayton Christensen's keynote. Higher education is undeniably at a transition point. With student debt now over $1 trillion and economists like Robert Reich questioning the value of college , industry leaders are searching for a path to maintain higher education's relevancy. In his talk, Christensen asked the audience to "pray for Harvard", given the upheavals already underway in higher education.
Markers of disruption are already appearing in higher education, including new entrants and start-ups selling low feature-set products to previous non-consumers. Examples of this include not just online colleges, but more importantly corporate in-house academies like Perdue University (think chickens not boilermakers), General Assembly, GE Crotonville, and Intel University. A technological core is forming with video courseware, competency-based education and learning analytics, as well as new interactive collaborative capabilities that provide something approaching a classroom experience remotely. Modularity, another important marker of disruption, has emerged in the packaging of courses and the awarding of certificates of completion and digital badges. These aspects represent an overall trend toward the unbundling of higher education.
A college president had pointed out to Christensen that the most generous alumni at his university felt their lives had been dramatically changed by their college experiences. The lasting impact was due not to the course material, but rather to the motivating performance of a memorable professor; a different professor in each case. In response Christensen asks, are colleges taking this into account as they recruit faculty, or is recruiting based more on academic publishing history?
This post was co-authored by Robert Nilsson , Director of Marketing, Extreme Networks .
Follow Vala Afshar on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ValaAfshar
More:

Next-Gen Mercedes C-Class to Launch in India on 25th November!Next-Gen Mercedes C-Class to Launch in India on 25th November!
Emerging mkts oil exporters leave $70 bn liquidity holeEmerging mkts oil exporters leave $70 bn liquidity hole
Kejriwal congratulates Delhi after parties  no-govt-formationKejriwal congratulates Delhi after parties  no-govt-formation
Factory activity rebounds in Oct on good demandFactory activity rebounds in Oct on good demand
Apple prepares for new debt saleApple prepares for debt sale
Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/45bab744-636a-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barratt Homes eyes downsizing baby boomers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d1134f2-10ea-11e4-b116-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Aberdeen office deal underlines resilienceAberdeen office deal underlines Scottish resilience
Mure Dickie in Edinburgh and Kate Allen in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/58703f20-636b-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

School Debt Spurs 21-Year-Old To Run For OfficeEmail
Chip Pierson
Inspired by his own student debt, 21-year-old Patrick Lockhart is running for office in Indiana with a pledge to make college more affordable.
Patrick Lockhart is 21 and lives at home — and he couldn’t be happier about it.
Instead of going back to Indiana University this fall, he took off a semester to run for a seat in the Indiana General Assembly, hoping to represent his fellow residents of House District 91. On Election Day, he goes head-to-head with Rep. Robert Behning, a Republican who’s been the district’s representative since before Lockhart was born.
From Constituent to Candidate
What revs up a college student so much he wants to run for office, you ask?  Student loan debt . Before starting his second year at IU, Lockhart noticed his sophomore student loan total was going to be larger than his freshman bill, so, concerned about the cost of higher education in Indiana, Lockhart decided to contact his representative in the statehouse.
Lockhart says Behning’s office never responded to his message, and that’s when he decided to take matters into his own hands. (Behning couldn’t be reached for comment.) In Indiana, state House of Representatives hopefuls have to be an Indiana resident for 7 years, a resident of the district they want to represent for at least 1 year and be at least 21 years old to be sworn in. As a lifelong Indianapolis resident, Lockhart met the candidacy requirements and ran unopposed in the Democratic primary.
After two years at IU, Lockhart racked up about $10,000 in education debt (it’s  in deferment at the moment), despite having an academic scholarship, paying in-state tuition and working during the summer and school year.
“If it’s difficult for me, I can’t imagine how bad it must be for other people,” Lockhart said. “I’m afraid I’m going to have to put my life on hold … because of  this massive debt I took on to get a degree and get a good job.” He  mentioned homeownership as an example of things he wants to do but thinks he’ll have to put off because of  repaying student loans .
If elected, he says his priority is to make college more affordable for Hoosiers by advocating for more dual-credit programs (when students earn their high school diploma and an associate’s degree at the same time) and job-certification programs in high schools. Lockhart said there are a few examples in the state of schools successfully running such programs, but they should be more widely accessible. Giving students an affordable pathway to their desired career will ultimately help the economy, he said.
Would You Vote for a 21-Year-Old?
His experience as a student loan borrower got him into the race, but his age hasn’t been much of a factor in his campaign, Lockhart said.
“The response has been enormously positive,” he said. “People are sick of politics, and they’re sick of politicians, and they’re ready for something new. I think in their minds that’s really what I am — an opportunity for something new.”
Whether he’ll actually be that “something new” is a different story. Behning’s 22-year tenure in the House is among the longest in the state — 14 of the 100 representatives in the Indiana statehouse have held office as long or longer — and Republicans are likely to maintain their strong hold on the General Assembly.
Behning hasn’t received a lot of campaign donations from groups that typically support him in elections, suggesting his race isn’t seen as a close one, according to Adam VanOsdol, editor of Indiana Education Insight. VanOsdol has covered education at the statehouse for a nearly a decade.
VanOsdol noted how Lockhart’s campaign seems to be geared at young voters, who tend to not participate in midterm elections.
“His candidacy didn’t really seem to catch on,” he said.
If Lockhart doesn’t win Tuesday, that doesn’t mean he’s done with the student loan issue. He’s not yet sure how he’d get involved — he’s focusing on the election — but he’ll go back to IU to earn his political science degree. If he wins, he’ll attend summer and fall classes, because the General Assembly convenes only between January and March or April, depending on the year.
“This is really kind of  crippling our generation ,” Lockhart said. “I definitely want to stay involved politically.”
More from Credit.com:

J.P. Morgan found hackers through breach of corporate event website: media3
The New York Times said the breach was part of a repository of a billion stolen passwords and usernames from some 420,000 websites that a Milwaukee-based security consulting firm, Hold Security, had traced to a gang of Russian hackers.
Further investigation by Hold and JPMorgan security specialists revealed that in April the hackers had obtained the website certificate for the Corporate Challenge site's vendor, Simmco Data Systems, allowing hackers access to any communications between visitors and the website, including passwords and email addresses, the Times reported.
It said Hold Security began informing its clients of the breach around August, and JPMorgan officials then told Simmco Data. The bank also looked at traffic on its own network and discovered the same hackers had breached that system.
The hackers had originally gained access to the bank's network by compromising the computer an employee with special privileges had used both at work and at home and then moved across the bank's network to access contact data, the WSJ reported.
The Corporate Challenge website was later taken offline after the hacking of the site was discovered, the Journal reported, but the site was restored by the bank ahead of upcoming races in Shanghai and Singapore, although payments have been moved to a Chase website. 
Officials at J.P. Morgan Chase were not available for comment.
Earlier this month, Reuters had reported that two U.S. states were investigating the theft of customer records in a massive cyberattack uncovered over the summer.
Reuters

What Obama can learn from George W BushObama can learn from George W Bush
Edward Luce
It is possible to retrieve a failing presidency its final quarter and leave office with high ratings
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f7cf5fa-5ec4-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

E-Commerce Jobs in Demand Among B-School Graduates: AssochamSpiceJet Pilots Flocking to Other Airlines: Report
New Delhi: Engineering and B-school graduates are opting for jobs in the e-commerce industry over sectors like FMCG, consulting, financial services and infrastructure, a poll by Assocham showed.
"The number of intakes by the e-commerce sector from the various B-schools and engineering colleges has gone up by 65 per cent this season over last year (35 per cent)," Assocham Secretary General D S Rawat said.
The survey sample included over 500 students from various B-schools including IIMs, BITS, ICFAI Business School and Symbiosis Institute of International Business (Pune). The survey was conducted between September and October 2014.
Over 71 per cent respondents preferred the e-commerce sector and even aspire to become first-generation successful entrepreneurs by investing in the sector, the survey said. The e-commerce industry has experienced unprecedented growth with its total revenue increasing over 60 times between 2010 and 2014.
"More and more pass-outs from B-Tech and MBA graduates are flocking to e-commerce industry over highly leveraged sectors like FMCG (fast-moving consumer goods), consulting, financial services, services jobs, telecom, real estate, power and other infrastructure," the industry body said.
Nearly 3 million Indians work in the e-commerce sector, whereas 18 million jobs are created in other sectors as a result of e-commerce operations like marketing, IT, logistics and payment services.
"India is successful in becoming the largest e-commerce market in the world. The rapid transformation in logistics, innovation, consumerism and productivity prove to be an interesting case study for other emerging economies," Mr Rawat said.
"The hiring activities are expected to grow by over 60-65 per cent in this sector and may help create between 5-8 lakh employment opportunities in three to five years."
E-commerce companies are offering nearly around Rs 10-25 lakh annual package, higher than the average starting salary of Rs 4-7 lakh in the private sector for fresh engineering graduates and others, the poll showed.
The survey also revealed that fresher packages are around Rs 2-3.5 lakh per annum for roles like customer service representatives but for other management and technical roles, the starting package would be anywhere between Rs 8 lakh and Rs 14 lakh per annum.
Estimated to be a $3-billion segment, the Indian e-commerce sector has been growing at a massive pace with players like Snapdeal and Flipkart raising funds from a range of investors. Also, world's largest online retailer Amazon has committed investment of $2 billion in the country over the next few years.
A report by consulting firm Technopak pegs the $2.3-billion e-tailing market to reach $32 billion size by 2020.
Story first published on: November 02, 2014 18:20 (IST)

The two sides of Virgin collide in the desertShowmanship and business collide in Virgin’s space venture
John Gapper
As both an entrepreneur and adventurer, Richard Branson must choose which persona dominates
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2efcfa04-6279-11e4-9838-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Having coffee with strangersCan coffee with strangers make you 10 per cent better?
Lucy Kellaway
Great ideas can sometimes come from a chat with the unlikeliest of people
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0553e5aa-5df1-11e4-897f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Central bankers caught in their own trapNovember 2, 2014 7:13 pm
Central bankers are caught in their own trap
Their power to change expectations relies on their power to make them real, says Martin Sandbu
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2af44544-604d-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shah Rukh celebrates his 49th birthdayCelebrity
Shah Rukh's 49th birthday with his fans
Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan Sunday turned 49 and says that he doesn't count age as he always feels energised. He is also looking forward to his 50th birthday.
You might also like:
When asked about his thoughts on turning 49, he said: "I don't count age and I feel good and energised. I will be shooting for 'Fan' from tomorrow (Monday)."
1 / 30
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Mon 3 Nov, 2014 12:30 PM IST

Halloween horror: Woman accidentally gives wedding ring to trick-or-treaters  would very much like it back(KNXV/ABC15)
Brooklin Yazzie did not have the happiest of Halloweens.
Yazzie was carving pumpkins with her daughters at their home in Mesa, Ariz., when she removed her wedding ring and put it in a candy jar.
At some point, according to the Phoenix ABC affiliate KNXV , “when the night became hectic” and Yazzie was rushing out the door to her in-laws’ house, “she absentmindedly dumped the contents of the jar into the candy bag.”
And then she gave the ring away.
“When I first realized, like, oh my gosh, what had happened, I just couldn’t talk,” she told the station.
Yazzie, KNXV reported, “was barely 20 years old when she married her husband 10 years ago.” They did not buy a fancy ring, she told the station, and it’s not worth much now.
“If you were to try and pawn it or sell it, you can probably get $50 for it,” she said.
But she would very much like it back.
“It’s my wedding ring, you know?” Yazzie said. “I mean, you can replace it, but it’s not the same.”
She has been posting “Wedding Ring in your child’s candy!!” signs all over Mesa in an effort to get the ring back.
“I’m just really hoping that somebody has it and just don’t know what to do with it,” she said.
J. Freedom du Lac is the editor of The Post's general assignment news desk. He was previously a Local enterprise reporter and, before that, the paper’s pop music critic.

Wall St. opens flat after rallyWall Street rises for 7th week, but ends off its highs
Reasons to be thankful
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
US economy keeps looking better despite a surprise drop in consumers confidence
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
8
Bank stocks and other sectors tied to the pace of growth led on the day, though continued weakness in crude oil weighed on energy shares. While major indexes ended off their highs of the session, both the Dow and S&P closed at records.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
125
Payrolls rose by 321,000 in November, way above the 230,000 estimated, while the unemployment rate held steady at 5.8 percent, a six-year low.
The report blew past forecasts, but also raised expectations that a rate hike from the Federal Reserve may materialize sooner than previously thought.
Ronald Sanchez, chief investment officer of Fiduciary Trust Company International in New York, said the number was "unambiguously strong," though it "could mean some changes to policy recommendations with the Fed. June 2015 is back on the table for when rates could rise."
Financials <.SPSY> rose 1 percent as higher interest rates would prop up earnings in the sector. Bank of America  rose 2.7 percent to $17.68 while Goldman Sachs  was up 1.8 percent to $195.45, boosting the Dow.
Utilities <.SPLRCU>, a dividend play, fell 0.8 percent as Treasuries yields rose. Energy <.SPNY> fell 1.2 percent alongside a 1.7 percent drop in crude  prices. Most sectors ended well off their highs of the session.
"The day's market action has to be seen in the context of the recovery we've had year-to-date. Payrolls confirm the strength of the economy, but that strength is reflected in stock prices," said Sanchez, who helps oversee $16 billion in assets.
Separate data showed new orders for U.S. factory goods fell for a third straight month in October, pointing to a slowdown in manufacturing activity.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 58.69 points, or 0.33 percent, to 17,958.79, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 3.45 points, or 0.17 percent, to 2,075.37 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.32 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,780.76.
For the week, the Dow rose 0.7 percent and the S&P rose 0.4 percent. It was the seventh straight weekly gain, a streak not seen in a year for both. The Nasdaq fell 0.2 percent on the week.
American Eagle Outfitters  fell 13.8 percent to $11.91 after the teen apparel retailer forecast a current-quarter profit below analysts' estimates and reported its fifth straight drop in quarterly income.
About 5.81 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 1,614 to 1,480, for a 1.09-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,809 issues rose and 927 fell, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 98 new 52-week highs and 10 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 168 new highs and 93 new lows.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Delhi appears headed for Assembly polls | Arvind Kejriwal meets LGYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Delhi headed for fresh Assembly polls as all parties express inability to form government
PTI Nov 3, 2014, 08.19PM IST
Tags:
AAP
(Delhi tonight appeared…)
NEW DELHI: Delhi tonight appeared headed for Assembly elections with BJP, AAP and Congress expressing themselves against formation of a new government and seeking a fresh mandate to end the eight-month-long political uncertainty.
Indications are that Lt Governor Najeeb Jung, who met leaders of the three political parties, may send his recommendation to the President for dissolving the assembly any time.
While BJP declined the LG's offer to form a government, AAP and Congress made it clear that they were in favour of immediate elections.
The LG held consultations in the wake of the Supreme Court putting the issue on the fast track and giving him time till November 11 to explore the possibility of forming a government.
The court was hearing AAP's petition seeking early dissolution of the Assembly which has been under suspended animation since February after the fall of the AAP government.
Satish Upadhyay and Jagdish Mukhi of BJP, Haroon Yusuf of Congress and AAP's Arvind Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia met the Lt Governor.
"All the above parties expressed their inability to form the government. The Lt Governor would be sending his report to the Hon'ble President," a Raj Niwas release said.
Currently BJP, along with ally Akali Dal's lone MLA, has 29 legislators and would require the support of five more MLAs to prove majority in the 67-member Assembly.
BJP had emerged as the single largest party in the December Assembly polls winning 31 seats but fell four seats short of a simple majority. It had refused to form government then, saying it will not resort to any "unfair means" to take over the reins.
AAP had formed the government in Delhi with the support of Congress. The government led by Kejriwal had resigned on February 14 after the party's pet project, the Janlokpal Bill, could not be passed due to opposition from BJP and Congress.
President's Rule was imposed on February 17.
Jung had not favoured dissolution of the Assembly as recommended by the council of ministers headed by Kejriwal and kept the assembly in suspended animation.
The Lt Governor had last month sent a report to President Pranab Mukherjee seeking permission to invite BJP to form a government in Delhi. The Centre last week informed the Supreme Court that the President allowed Jung to invite BJP.
Sources in BJP said the decision not to accept an offer by the Lt Governor to take a shot at power was taken at a meeting of top central leaders of the party yesterday.
The party felt it should go for polls as Prime Minister Narendra Modi's popularity was going strong and enthusiasm among the party workers has increased following victories in assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
The sources said Modi was in favour of polls and that the RSS had also conveyed its view that the party should not form government adopting any "unfair means".
  Commenting on the development, Upadhyay said BJP conveyed its stand to Jung and he will take the steps he wants to according to provisions of the Constitution.
Delhi BJP general secretary Ramesh Bidhuri said the party was confident of getting a clear mandate when elections are held.
"We are confident of getting 47 seats. The people of Delhi have seen the AAP government and will not support it again," he said.
AAP also welcomed the development saying "collective desire, will and vigilance of people have won over politics of immoral manipulations and unethical arrangements."
"In last eight months, every effort was made to "buy" our MLAs. They withstood all pressures n lived up to people's expectations. Salute to them," Kejriwal tweeted.
In another tweet, he said, "Finally.....Congratulations to the people of Delhi."
Congress reiterated its demand for holding of polls along with elections in Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir.
As LG is all set to recommend dissolution of the assembly, officials said bypolls to three assembly constituencies will not be held on November 25. The last date of filing of nominations for bypolls in three assembly constituencies is November 5.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Airtel to hike post-paid rentals by 12% from...Airtel
(An increase in telecom services…)
NEW DELHI: Country's biggest telecom operator Airtel has announced an increase in its post-paid monthly charges by about 12 per cent in select plans, effective December.
"Eff. (effective) 3-Dec 2014, bill plan rental for your airtel mobile will be revised from Rs 199 per month to Rs 224 per month," Airtel said in a message to its customers.
Industry sources said Airtel has increased rates across low rental plans.
Queries send to Airtel did not elicit any immediate reply.
Airtel has a mobile subscriber base of over 20 crore customers, which include both pre-paid and post-paid users. Last week, Bharti Airtel had reported nearly three-fold jump in consolidated net profit at Rs 1,383 crore for the September quarter on growth in mobile data revenues.
This is the second hike in rates of telecom services by the company within a period of three months. In September, the company had increased mobile internet rates by up to 33 per cent and reduced benefit under plans for its pre-paid customers.
An increase in telecom services rates has become more frequent since the last two years after a number of players in the market came down following cancellation of mobile licences by the Supreme Court in 2G spectrum case.
FEATURED ARTICLES

This robotic penguin chick is doing undercover work in AntarcticaBy Rachel Feltman November 3 Follow @rachelfeltman
Researchers are using a robot to spy on emperor penguin colonies in Antarctica. University of Strasbourg scientists fitted the four-wheeled rover with a baby penguin costume. (Reuters)
If you're going to build a robotic spy, you might as well make it a cutie -- especially if it needs to go incognito in crowds of adorable penguin chicks and their parents.
Researchers report in Nature Methods that they've created a new tool for penguin research: A furry fake penguin perched atop a remote-controlled rover.
A fiberglass penguin seemed to frighten the penguins, but the final (fuzzier) version passed muster.
The researchers hope that rover will allow them to really observe and interact with penguins without frightening them off -- or worse, affecting the birds' behavior and tainting the collected data. Other scientists have disguised cameras so penguins won't be afraid to come close to them, but it's another thing entirely to have them interacting with the spy as if it's just another chick.
Instead of running away, the Emperor penguins now sing to the fake chick.
"They were very disappointed when there was no answer," lead author Yvon Le Maho of the University of Strasbourg  told Phys.org . "Next time we will have a rover playing songs."
The researchers hope they'll be able to use this fake penguin -- and other, similarly disguised rovers -- to spy on animal populations without putting them on edge.
A rover that helps researchers observe and interact with penguins makes the rounds through a group of incubating breeders who peck at the vehicle as it rolls by. (Le Maho et. al.)
An early iteration of the penguin rover zooms around resting Southern elephant seals as curious penguins look on. (Le Maho, et. al.)
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Political ignorance around the worldBy Ilya Somin November 3
An interesting recent study by Ipsos MORI provides new evidence that political ignorance is a serious problem in many democracies, not just the United States. Bobby Duffy, managing director of Ipsos MORI’s Social Research Institute, discusses some of the results here . For example, survey respondents in the 14 nations included in the study massively overestimate the unemployment rate, and the percentage of immigrants and Muslims in their country’s population. Most also believe that the murder rate is rising, even though it has actually been falling in every country. Even in Sweden, the country that scored highest, respondents are on average badly off on politically important issues such as the unemployment rate (which they think is 3 times higher than it actually is) and immigration (which they overestimate by “only” about 45 percent).
Many of these mistakes are politically consequential. Undue pessimism about the economy is obviously relevant, given that economic issues are almost always near the top of voters’ list of priorities. Overestimating the percentage of immigrants and Muslims may promote exaggerated fears of being “swamped” by foreign cultures and strengthens support for restricting migration , which can inflict great harm on both would-be immigrants and natives . Inaccurate perceptions of the crime rate are also problematic .
These results are consistent with previous studies showing widespread political ignorance abroad, as well as in the United States. As Duffy notes, voters in many countries are misinformed about the distribution of government spending, tending to greatly overestimate the percentage that goes to foreign aid, and badly underestimate the amount that goes to major entitlement and pension programs (the largest items in most government’s budgets). A previous Ipsos-Mori poll found that political ignorance in Britain is remarkably similar to that in the United States, with voters in both countries making similar errors .
Since ignorance is high in all of the countries covered in the Ipsos MORI study, we can’t take much comfort from the fact that some do better than others. Indeed, on many of the politically relevant issues measured, the extent of ignorance in most of the nations varies only modestly. Moreover, as Duffy notes, the differences that exist don’t seem to be correlated with differences in either education policy or media behavior. The US, it is worth noting, scores second to last among the fourteen nations in Ipsos MORI’s overall Index of Ignorance, just ahead of Italy (though the differences between the US and most of the other nations on the most politically significant issues, such as immigration and unemployment rates, are fairly modest).
I do disagree with Duffy’s analysis of the results on one point. He argues that “[our ignorance is as much a symptom of our lack of control as a reason to keep power with an elite who supposed]ly know better. We should not conclude that people are too dumb to be trusted to make decisions – if we want a better-informed population, we need to trust them more.”
Duffy is right to suggest that the voters are not ignorant out of stupidity . But I doubt that trusting the voters more will lead to increased political knowledge. We already trust them to elect officials who wield enormous power over society, including spending 40 percent or more of GDP in most advanced democracies. In some countries, including many American states, we also trust them to vote on ballot initiatives on a wide range of policy issues. Moreover, faith in the judgment of the common voter is a standard precept of modern liberal democratic ideology that most of us imbibe from elementary school onwards. To the extent that trust in the voters is a factor, I suspect it does more to breed complacency about political ignorance than stimulate efforts to alleviate it.
At election time, we hear many exhortations to vote and numerous denunciations of politicians who are supposedly failing to heed the voice of the people. By contrast, few suggest that it might not be such a good idea to vote on issues we know little about . For the most part, our ignorance about politics arises not from a lack of trust, but from a combination of rational behavior by individual voters and the enormous size and complexity of modern government . That reality makes political ignorance a very difficult problem to solve. It implies we might do better by making fewer decisions at the ballot box, and more by “voting with our feet,” where there are better incentives to acquire relevant information.
But whether we fully agree with Duffy’s assessment of the problem or not, he and Ipsos MORI are doing valuable work that sheds light on the international dimensions of political ignorance. I look forward to their future studies on this vital, but often difficult to study, subject.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

http://usat.ly/1x1IU4BFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Your hot guide to election day | USA NOW
Hadley Malcolm interviews politics editor Paul Singer about everything you really need to know to get through election day Tuesday.
Post to Facebook
Your hot guide to election day | USA NOW Hadley Malcolm interviews politics editor Paul Singer about everything you really need to know to get through election day Tuesday. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1x1IU4B
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
This story is part of the series USA NOW

Late-morning links: The Ferguson flight ban was a media banComments
By Lucy Steigerwald November 3
The U.S. government agreed to shut down several miles of airspace surrounding Ferguson, Mo., even though the main purpose was to keep news helicopters away during the protests, according to audio recordings obtained by the Associated Press. (AP)
It turns out the paranoid folks were right: The flight ban over Ferguson, Missouri back in August was specifically intended to keep news helicopters away .
Brand new federal sentencing guidelines for drug crimes took effect on Saturday . Among other things, this means that prisoners can petition to have the guidelines apply retroactively to their sentences, and that they may get to go home earlier. Good news, in other words. Very good news.
On Wednesday, raids on several “gaming rooms” in Jefferson County, Texas  required the following law enforcement agencies: the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the Beaumont Police, Port Arthur Police, the Jefferson County Sheriff’s Office, the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), the U.S. Marshals, and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF). Arrests were made, and money was seized, but the local media report strongly suggests that the result will be mere misdemeanors, and that the raids were to keep crime away more than to specifically target anything serious.
A Virginia Circuit Court judge ruled that police can force you to unlock your phone with a fingerprint scan , which the iPhone 5s, 6, and 6 Plus offer as a security option. The judge did decide that law enforcement cannot compel you to punch in a phone’s security code, however. That at least qualifies as forcible self-incrimination, which violates the Fifth Amendment.
You should be careful not to ingest marijuana-infused candy without meaning to . You should make sure your children don’t randomly consume some unknowingly. You also should not worry that anyone would pass out a $15 dollar Reefer peanut butter cup on Halloween just to amuse themselves. Sensible people knew this, and indeed there were no reports of dosed treat or treaters this year in Colorado . Still, the fear of regular candy containing razor blades or poison hasn’t dissipated in the last three decades, so there’s no reason to think this pot candy paranoia won’t be back again next year.

Modi  Shah favoured stand to not form govt in DelhiHi Guest
Modi, Shah favoured stand to not form govt in Delhi: BJP | Fresh polls on the cards
It was PM Modi and Amit Shah's decision to reject the possibility of government formation in Delhi as the party does not have the requisite numbers NEW DELHI: It was Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP chief Amit Shah's decision to reject the possibility of ...

IS group executes at least 36 more tribesmen in IraqIS group executes at least 36 more tribesmen in Iraq
Miliband policies impulse over strategyEd Miliband’s policies are more impulse than strategy
Janan Ganesh
Labour leader is authentically leftwing, and was only ever going to seek a leftwing path to power
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b254d0b0-5ec4-11e4-be0b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tablet Review: Amazon s Fire Vs Google s Nexus 9The 24th James Bond film has the title "Spectre," director Sam Mendes announced at a launch event in Buckinghamshire...
3

Republican Candidates Are Going As  Pro-Choice  For HalloweenGOP Candidates Appear More 'Pro-Choice' Ahead Of Election
Posted:
reddit
After losing badly among women voters in the 2012 elections, some Republican candidates seem to have undergone a "pro-choice" makeover.
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R), who has previously said he opposes legal abortion even in cases of rape and incest, told voters earlier this month that an anti-abortion bill he signed "leaves the final decision to a woman and her doctor."
New Hampshire GOP Senate candidate Scott Brown (R), who was endorsed by an anti-abortion group in 2012, now insists that he is "pro-choice."
Two GOP Senate candidates who previously supported fetal personhood measures, which would ban abortion without exceptions, have since been running from those measures. Joni Ernst in Iowa assured voters the personhood measure she supported wouldn't have actually done anything , and Rep. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.) claimed a federal amendment he cosponsored didn't exist . Multiple Republican candidates have also come out in support of over-the-counter birth control since August.
Planned Parenthood told reporters on Friday to be skeptical of the apparent change of heart.
"It's a little like the Red Sox rooting for the Yankees -- I'll believe it when I see it," said Dawn Laguens, executive vice president of the Planned Parenthood Action Fund, the group's political arm.
"We're not a partisan organization," she said. "We're not for a party, we're for positions. Should any of [these GOP candidates] prevail next week, we're going to be trying to hold them to those positions. But I think based on their past records, there is very little evidence for why one should be hopeful."
But Republicans are aggressively trying to get the message across to women that they will not interfere with health decisions. PPAF pointed to research conducted by the progressive group America Votes that shows Republican candidates have spent about $32 million on ads this cycle that mention women’s health, abortion or women’s rights. That's "almost as much as all campaigns and outside groups spent on ads related to these issues in the whole 2012 cycle," PPAF wrote in a memo. America Votes said it based its analysis on data from the Campaign Media Analysis Group.
While Republicans have managed to narrow the gender gap compared to 2012 , women still prefer Democrats by an average of 7 points this cycle , according to a Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll. By comparison, in the 2010 midterm elections, Democrats lost women by 1 point overall.
And a recent CNN poll showed that 53 percent of women plan to vote for the Democratic candidate in their district, while 40 percent said they would vote for the Republican.
"In a world where women are subject to the same political headwinds as men, what would it be like if Democrats weren't talking about these issues?" said Geoff Garin, president of Hart Research Associates, a left-leaning political research firm. " In the CNN poll , for example, women are as likely to disapprove of Obama's performance as they are to approve, and yet they are still preferring a Democrat for Congress by a 13 point margin."
Garin said he wonders "whether Republican candidates for president will have the same ability to run away from their positions on these questions that candidates have in general election campaigns." Because presidential candidates have to go through the Republican nominating process, "there is still a demand for them to take very conservative positions on abortion and women's access to health care," he noted. Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney drew criticism in 2012 when he tried to moderate his positions on abortion and birth control after sounding far more conservative in the primaries.
The takeaway for midterms, Laguens said, is that even if Republicans take control of the Senate on Tuesday, the election has already been a "win" for women's health and reproductive rights.
"It's becoming clearer and clearer that you cannot win if you're seen as an opponent of safe and legal abortion," she said.
Also on HuffPost:

Arizona School Board Votes To Get Rid Of Textbook Pages That Discuss Abortionreddit
An Arizona school district is making sure that students are not educated about abortion in biology class.
This week, Gilbert Public Schools’ governing board voted to remove pages from an honors biology textbook because the pages talk about mifepristone , a pill that can induce an abortion, reports local outlet 12 News. Members of the board contended that the pages violate a state statute, which prevents school districts from providing instruction that "that does not give preference, encouragement and support to childbirth and adoption as preferred options to elective abortion," says the outlet.
The specific section in question is titled “ Contraception can prevent unwanted pregnancy .” It says that “complete abstinence (avoiding intercourse) is the only totally effective method of birth control, but other methods are effective to varying degrees.” The passage, from the seventh edition of Campbell Biology: Concepts and Connections, goes on to describe the morning-after pill and mifepristone.
The issue was first brought to the board’s attention after the conservative Christian organization, Alliance Defending Freedom, wrote a letter to the district’s superintendent in August, saying that the textbook violates state regulations, reports the outlet. The board voted 3-2 to redact the pages in question, although it is unclear whether the district will remove the specific pages or blacken unwanted passages , says local outlet KTVK-3TV.
Notably, the Arizona Department of Education previously reviewed the textbook and said it was not violating the state statute. An attorney for the district said the same, reports local outlet the East Valley Tribune. As a result, one of the board members who voted against changing the textbook, Lily Tram, called the move an example of censorship .
The other board member who voted against changing the textbook, Jill Humpherys, said she thought the text “discussed biological principles well and in a very understandable way,” according to KTVK-3TV.
"If we hand a biology book to ninth-grade students with a page missing, I think there's going to be some questions about why that page is removed," Humpherys said to the outlet.
Still, another board member, Julie Smith, told the East Valley Tribune, “We are running the risk of being sued for being out of compliance with the law.”
Earlier on HuffPost:

Swift  Datsun GO fail crash test  get zero star in safetySwift  Datsun GO fail crash test  get zero star in safety
Branson pushes on with Virgin America IPOBranson’s Virgin America pushes on with IPO
Mark Odell and Alistair Gray in London and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d355768-637d-11e4-8a63-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

