Hiring Has Picked Up in Western Region: WheeboxYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Hiring Has Picked Up in Western Region: Wheebox
Published On:                  November 13, 2014                 | Duration: 4 min, 44 sec

DoT for commencing spectrum auction from Feb23The government expect to raise a minimum of Rs 9,355 crore from the auction of three sets of available spectrum.
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 18, 2014 9:29 pm
Spectrum auction for mobile services is expected to start from February 23, a few days later than suggested by a ministerial group, according to official sources.
The inter-ministerial group, formed to work out modalities for the next round of auction, had suggested February 3 as the date for starting the biddings.
Sources said the government is also mulling auctioning some amount of 3G spectrum along with radiowaves in three sets of spectrum band — 800 Mhz (used by CDMA operators) that is lying unused, alongwith 900 Mhz and 1800 Mhz being used by Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular and Reliance Communication for 2G services across the country.
The government expect to raise a minimum of Rs 9,355 crore from the auction of three sets of available spectrum. Besides, the sources said that it expects to further raise Rs 5,000 crore from auction of 3G spectrum in the 2100 Mhz band, provided the Defence Ministry vacates it.
Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad met Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar yesterday to discuss the vacation of 3G spectrum. Though Prasad did not share whether the 3G radiowaves will be available for auction, he said that the matter will be resolved very soon.
In a presentation to Prasad on November 13, DoT officials have shared February 23 as proposed date to commence bidding process for airwaves and payment of final price within 10 days from the date bidding round end.
“The notice inviting application (NIA) as per suggested time line will be issued on December 26,” an official source said.
The NIA is main document of spectrum auction which carries all details of radiowaves being put for sale, rules, price etc and is legally binding on both government as well as bidders.
The sources said an internal DoT committee is also examining recommendation of Telecom Regulatory Authority of India on auction of 700 Mhz — the most expensive frequency band available for telecom services.
DoT is expected to finalise auctioneer, agency which will operate spectrum auction process, tomorrow.

Indonesian police criticised over discriminatory virginitytestsWomen applying to join the force in the world's most populous Muslim-majority country have to undergo the virginity test. (Source: AP photo)
By: Agence-France Presse | Jakarta | Posted: November 18, 2014 9:23 pm | Updated: November 18, 2014 9:36 pm
Human Rights Watch on Wednesday urged Indonesia’s national police to halt “discriminatory” virginity tests for women applying to join the force in the world’s most populous Muslim-majority country.
The rights group said women applicants are required to be both unmarried and virgins, and the virginity test is still widely used despite the insistence of some senior police officials that the practice has been discontinued.
In a series of interviews with HRW, young women — including some who underwent the test as recently as this year — described the procedure as painful and traumatic.
The women told how they were forced to strip naked before female medics gave them a “two-finger test” — a practice described by HRW as archaic and discredited.
“I don’t want to remember those bad experiences. It was humiliating,” said one 19-year-woman who took the test in thecity of Pekanbaru, on western Sumatra island, and whose identity was not disclosed.
“Why should we take off our clothes in front of strangers? It is not necessary. I think it should be stopped.”
Nisha Varia, associate women’s rights director at HRW, described the tests as “a discriminatory practice that harms and humiliates women.
“Police authorities in Jakarta need to immediately and  unequivocally abolish the test, and then make certain that all police recruiting stations nationwide stop administering it.”
The tests contravene the police’s own guidelines on recruitment and violate international human rights to equality, non-discrimination and privacy, HRW said.
Police did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
While senior police have insisted in recent years that virginity tests for female applicants have been stopped, HRW said a posting on the force’s own website this month noted that female applicants must undergo the procedure.
Women currently make up about three per cent of the 400,000-strong force, HRW said, but added the police had launched a drive to increase the number of female officers.
Society is deeply conservative in parts of Indonesia and some still value female virginity highly.
The issue hit the headlines last year, when the education chief of a city sparked outrage by suggesting that teenage schoolgirls should undergo virginity tests to enter senior high school.

What plunging gas prices mean for your walletWhat plunging gas prices mean for your wallet
By: Adam Shell November 18, 2014 7:18 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Lower gas prices is like a tax cut for consumers. (AP)
The gas pump is a friendly place these days, not the graveyard for one’s disposable income it once was. With the price of a barrel of oil cratering to levels not seen in almost four years under the weight of weak demand and a plethora of supply now that the U.S. is a key oil producer, U.S. consumers are getting what amounts to a tax cut at the gas pumps.
Oil prices have dropped nearly 30% from the spring peak, and wholesale gas prices are now at a near four-year low, according to Wells Fargo. West Texas Intermediate Crude fell 0.5% to $75.64 Monday.
Every 10-cent decline in retail gasoline prices unlocks nearly $3 billion for the consumer to spend on other goods and services, according to Gina Martin Adams, senior analyst at Wells Fargo. She notes that in the past 12 months U.S. consumers have spent $357 billion filling their tanks with gas.
The national average price for a gallon of regular gas on Monday was $2.885, according to AAA. That’s down from $2.893 Sunday and $2.927 a week ago. A month ago, a gallon of regular fetched $3.144. The nearly 26-cent drop in the past month equates to roughly $7.8 billion in freed-up cash for consumers to either buy other stuff or pay down debt.
So what types of stocks benefit most from falling gas prices? On the consumer staples side, food and beverage stocks tend to fare well. But, industrials, especially airlines and air freight, “may offer the best way to take advantage of lower energy prices,” says Adams.

Morningstar India Positive on Tata Motors Despite Q2 MissYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Morningstar India Positive on Tata Motors Despite Q2 Miss
Published On:                  November 17, 2014                 | Duration: 7 min, 03 sec
Tweet
Piyush Jain, equity research analyst at Morningstar India, says, Tata Motors’ Q2 performance in core business was along expected lines. Higher depreciation allowance relating to a new manufacturing plant and forex losses have combined together to hit Q2 bottom-line by Rs 1000 crore, he adds.

Narendra Modi arrives in Fiji  first by a PM in 33yearsPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Fiji on Tuesday night for a day-long visit.
By: Press Trust of India | Suva | Posted: November 18, 2014 11:50 pm | Updated: November 19, 2014 12:34 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Fiji on Tuesday night for a day-long visit, the first by an Indian premier to the country in 33 years, during which he will hold bilateral talks with his counterpart Frank Bainimarama.
Modi arrived here from Melbourne on board a special Indian Air Force plane on the last leg of his three-nation 10-day tour after a hectic four-city Australia visit.
Earlier last week he had visited Myanmar to attend the East Asia and the ASEAN summits.
During his visit here, Modi will hold bilateral talks with Bainimarama, address the Parliament and also meet leaders and representatives of 12 Pacific Island nations.
Referring to his visit to Fiji, before leaving India, Modi had said it will be his privilege to visit this country soon after the return of democracy in September this year.
“We also owe them a debt of gratitude for hosting our scientists on the island in support of our Mars Mission. I am excited about visiting Fiji as also with the opportunity I will have of meeting leaders and representatives of 12 Pacific Island nations,” he had said.
The last Indian Prime Minister to visit the Pacific island nation was Indira Gandhi in 1981.
Out of the 849,000 population in Fiji, 37 per cent people are of Indian-origin. Many Indians arrived in Fiji as indentured labour in the 19th century.
On the eve of Prime Minister Modi’s arrival here, his Fijian counterpart Bainimarama yesterday said the visit is an opportunity for his country to further strengthen its position as a regional leader.
Soon after Modi’s visit, Chinese President Xi Jinping will also visit the Pacific nation.
“The opportunity for us not only to welcome these leaders to Fiji and host the leaders of our island neighbours – further strengthening our regional position – but to showcase Fiji,” he said at the Heads of Missions Consultations here.
Noting that the visits are symbol of Fiji’s new status in the global community, Bainimarama said, “There’s undoubtedly a strategic component to these visits –- India and China as emerging global powers wanting to also have more of a presence in the Pacific. But they are also coming because they regard Fiji as important.”
Bainimarama said Fiji and India have a long-standing close ties of friendship and “Prime Minister Modi recognises the great historical link and wants to help us develop our nation in a range of ways which we will discuss”.
Fiji and India have 135 years of historical and friendly relations and a formal diplomatic relation was established in 1970.
Modi is due to return home on Thursday morning.

Indian-American Neha Gupta wins prestigious childrens peaceprizePrint
Neha Gupta, an 18-year-old Indian-American, won the presigious International Children's Peace Prize.
By: Press Trust of India | New York | Posted: November 18, 2014 11:40 pm | Updated: November 19, 2014 6:31 am
Neha Gupta, an 18-year-old Indian-American, won the presigious International Children’s Peace Prize for her work to help orphans in India and other vulnerable children.
Gupta won the award whose last year’s winner was Malala Yousufzai, who went on to win this year’s Nobel Peace Prize.
Gupta from Philadelphia became the first ever American to be awarded the Children’s International Peace Prize in The Hague, Netherlands.
She was awarded the prize by Nobel Peace Laureate Desmond Tutu at a ceremony in The Hague.
The prize is awarded annually to a child, anywhere in the world, for his or her dedication to children’s rights.
Gupta began her astounding work when she was just a child herself, visiting her parents’ native place India nine years ago.
Carrying out a family tradition of celebrating birthdays by delivering gifts to orphans, she was struck by the condition these children were living in.
Last week, in an interview to ABC News, Gupta said: “The place was just really in shambles. I didn’t want to accept these things. These are things i wanted to fix.”
She moved to fix them quickly, any way that she could.
Back home in Pennsylvania, she made a bold move, deciding to sell all of her toys to raise money for the orphans she had met in India.
“We just put it out on our driveway and people came, bought things and it turned out to be such a successful event,” Gupta said.
“From that one event we raised USD 700 and I’ve wanted to keep going,” she said.
Gupta kept going, selling crafts door to door and collecting corporate donations in her father’s SUV.
Nine years later, now an 18-year-old college student, she runs Empower Orphans, a global charity that has raised USD 1.3 million.
The organisation reaches orphans in the US and abroad, helping to build classrooms, buy books, equip computer labs, pay for health exams, supply water and buy sewing machines to empower other young women to start their own businesses.

Hidden Camera Shows Well Hotel Maids CleanEmail
When you check into a hotel room, you assume the maid has cleaned everything, including changing the sheets and disinfecting the bathroom. But a hidden camera investigation revealed that may not always be the case.
The Rossen Reports team booked rooms for two nights at some of the most popular hotel chains and rigged them with cameras (all three of the hotels were in northeastern New Jersey). In each case they put soda in the glasses, threw towels on the bathroom floors and made the rooms looked used before calling to have housekeeping make them up, as well as prominently displaying the card requesting that all linens be changed.
Video: To see just how much (and how little) some hotel maids really clean, the Rossen Reports team booked rooms at several popular hotel rooms and rigged them with hidden cameras. NBC national investigative correspondent Jeff Rossen reports.
At a DoubleTree hotel (part of Hilton Worldwide), the cameras recorded a maid stripping the bed while putting the pillows off to one side. She replaced the sheets with fresh ones, but after a quick fluff, the same pillows went right back on the bed. 
The maid also scrubbed everything down in the bathroom. Then she used a towel to dry the toilet and the shower, and used the same towel to quickly scrub the counter — the same place a guest would put their toothbrush.
Similarly, at a Holiday Inn, the maid changed the sheets but not the pillowcases, also putting the used pillows back on the bed. Upon viewing the hidden camera footage, Jacob Tomsky, a former hotel housekeeping supervisor and author of "Heads in Beds: A Reckless Memoir of Hotels, Hustles, and So-Called Hospitality," said: "Housekeepers should change the pillowcases, obviously. That's where you put your face. That's what you sleep on."
Tomsky added: "What really bothered me was that she put the pillowcase on a dirty chair prior to putting it back on the bed. That just gets it even more dirty."
At a Crowne Plaza hotel, the maid collected all the used drinking glasses, put them into the sink, and turned on the water. Then she gathered all the dirty towels from the bathroom floor, held onto one, and used it to help dry the cups.
The Crowne Plaza maid then used the same towel to wipe down the countertop, the toilet and the bathtub. She never used soap on anything, but she did return to spray the room with air freshener. 
In a statement to NBC News, InterContinental Hotels Group, the company that owns Crowne Plaza and Holiday Inn, said "health, safety and comfort" are "top priorities." It said it "performs regular inspections" and is working to "review ... standards." 
TODAY
Hidden cameras captured hotel maids at work.
The DoubleTree hotel also provided a statement to NBC News, in which it said "cleanliness ... is a focal point of our operations" and that management has "procedures and guidelines in place" to make sure things are "sanitized properly." The hotel said it plans to conduct a review and "address any infractions."
Acknowledging that hotel maids may be cleaning 15, 20 or 30 rooms every day, Tomsky said, "Management should stay vigilant and check and make sure that they have everything they need to do the job.
"Any human being is going to miss something here or there," he added. "That's why these [kinds of] spot checks are good."
None of the top blankets or comforters at the hotels Rossen Reports tested was changed. Experts advise travelers to be specific: Call housekeeping when you get in and tell them, "Please change all the bedding, including the pillowcases" or "We used the glasses, can you bring fresh cups?" Better still, they suggest, use the plastic cups that are wrapped instead.
Full statement to NBC News regarding Crowne Plaza and Holiday Inn:
"IHG, owner of the Holiday Inn and Crowne Plaza brands, holds the health, safety and comfort of our guests and employees as our top priorities and sets stringent quality standards for all hotels bearing our brand names. The two hotels in question are franchised properties, which are independently owned and operated under a license agreement with an IHG affiliate. The license agreements require hotels to comply with all governmental laws and regulations, including those regarding the health and safety of guests and employees, and IHG performs regular inspections of all properties. IHG takes this report seriously. We are working directly with both properties to review cleanliness brand standards and are planning site visits within the next week to determine what future action is needed by the hotels."
Statement from DoubleTree Hilton:
"We expect all of our hotels to abide by our brand standards and we have a robust quality assurance program to enforce our standards and expectations around hotel quality and service. Customer feedback also informs our quality assurance process.  We will follow up with hotel ownership and management if it is confirmed that it failed to follow quality standards. "
Statement from DoubleTree Hilton franchisee in Fort Lee, New Jersey:
"The well-being, safety and security of our guests are of paramount importance at the DoubleTree by Hilton Fort Lee. Cleanliness of our hotel is always a focal point of our operations in order to continue providing guests with an optimal hotel experience. We do not take these issues lightly.
We have procedures and guidelines in place regarding the cleaning of guest rooms. If the linen card is placed on the bed, all bed sheets and pillowcases should be changed. When that guest checks out, the duvet is also laundered. Our procedures also make sure the bathrooms are sanitized properly in accordance with health laws and our own high standards. Once we have viewed the video, we will be able to understand exactly what has happened and will address any infractions with the employee in question."  
To suggest a topic for an upcoming edition of Rossen Reports, click here.
Tags:

Consumer staples on saleconsumer staples on sale
